===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-29 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Booking Holdings' First Quarter 2025 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied, or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings' actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements in Booking Holdings' earnings press release as well as Booking Holdings’ most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings' earnings press release is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings' website, www.bookingholdings.com. And now I would like to introduce Booking Holdings' speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and Ewout Steenbergen. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you, and welcome to Booking Holdings' first quarter conference call. I am joined this afternoon by our CFO, Ewout Steenbergen. I am pleased to report a good start to 2025. We saw healthy growth in room nights and gross bookings, as we benefited from our geographical diversification. When travelers choose to alter their destination preferences, our global network of partner suppliers is a valuable asset. Our solid topline results combined with our continued focus on driving disciplined management of our fixed expenses helped us deliver strong bottom line outperformance in the quarter. Aside from our near-term financial results, I am excited about our teams’ continued progress in advancing our strategic priorities. I am also excited about our continued work to incorporate AI technology in multiple ways across our platforms, which will continue to position us well for the long-term. Our first quarter room nights of 319 million, the first quarter we have ever exceeded 300 million room nights in a single quarter, slightly exceeded the high end of our prior expectations and grew a bit over 7% year-over-year. First quarter revenue of $4.8 billion grew 8% year-over-year, and adjusted EBITDA of about $1.1 billion increased 21% year-over-year. Both revenue and adjusted EBITDA exceeded the high end of our prior guidance ranges. Finally, adjusted earnings per share in the quarter grew 22% year-over-year. At the start of the second quarter, we are currently seeing stable levels of global leisure travel demand despite rising geopolitical and macroeconomic concerns. Ewout will provide further details on our first quarter results and our thoughts on the second quarter and full-year. While we are encouraged by our first quarter results and the relative stability of trends we have seen so far in the second quarter, we fully recognize the current geopolitical and macroeconomic uncertainty, and concerns about the strength of consumer demand. However, we believe our global diversification, substantial liquidity, strong free cash flow, and historical record of executing effectively position us well to navigate potential changes in the environment. And regardless of potential changes in the near-term, I remain confident in the long-term outlook for the travel industry given the importance of travel to consumers and, as we witnessed as we exited the pandemic, people’s deep desires to experience the world. We will continue to drive our business for the long-term while remaining focused on what we can control today to deliver value to our travelers and supplier partners. Value from advancing our strategic initiatives such as increasing the Alternative Accommodations available to our travelers, enhancing our Genius offering, building towards our Connected Trip vision, and further innovating our AI capabilities. And we will do this while managing our operations with the effective and disciplined approach we have demonstrated throughout our history. Focusing on our supplier partners, we remain committed to being a trusted and valuable partner to all of the accommodation properties on our platforms. We do so by delivering incremental travel demand and developing products and features designed to support the success of these businesses, many of which are small independents. In times of economic uncertainty, we believe the incremental demand that we can deliver to our partners is even more valuable, and this presents an opportunity to work closely with our partners to make sure they are well positioned on our platform. For example, we can share booking pattern data with a property partner and suggest options that may help that property better capture demand. We are also leveraging AI technology to better help our partners whether it's using GenAI at Booking.com to provide suggested responses to traveler questions that come into a property, or through the development of an AI Partner Assistant to help a new partner navigate the onboarding process. We’ll continue to build around opportunities where we can utilize this technology to provide additional value to our partners. We believe these efforts can be particularly helpful for those small and independent businesses with which we are partnering who can now more easily access the data and AI tools that we are providing. One of the results of our continued focus on driving value to our partners is the increasing number of partners making their accommodation supply available on Booking.com. With growth across both traditional hotels and alternative accommodations, Booking.com’s total accommodation listings reached about 31 million by the end of Q1. For alternative accommodations at Booking.com, listings at the end of the first quarter were about 8.1 million and increased 9% year-over-year with growth in every major region. We believe the increase in accommodation choices for our travelers helped contribute to solid alternative accommodations room night growth of 12% in the first quarter. Turning to our travelers, the breadth of supply choices I just mentioned help us to better deliver a comprehensive planning and booking experience and are one of the important benefits we offer to our travelers. We are laser focused on driving value to our travelers just as we do for our supplier partners, and I am pleased to see this focus helping Booking.com achieve growth in new travelers as well as repeat travelers in the first quarter. In addition to the growth in travelers, I am encouraged to see that more travelers are choosing to come to our platforms through the direct booking channel, which grew faster than room nights acquired through paid marketing channels in the first quarter. Another important way that we can deliver benefits to our travelers is through Booking.com’s Genius loyalty program, which provides discounted pricing and other mostly supplier-provided benefits to our travelers. This program also helps to connect more elements of travel as we have extended this program beyond accommodations into other travel verticals. We are encouraged to see more of our travelers continuing to move into our higher Genius tiers of Levels 2 and 3, which represent over 30% of our active travelers. These Genius Level 2 and 3 travelers have a meaningfully higher direct booking rate and a higher booking frequency than the rest of our travelers. We believe AI technology will also play an important role in improving the traveler experience. For example, at Booking.com, we are continuing to learn from testing AI powered features including: Smart Filters that help travelers find relevant results faster. Property Q&A that answers specific questions that wouldn’t be addressed in a static listing, and AI Review Summaries that allow travelers to more easily sort through thousands of reviews. These are just a few recent examples but we plan to continue integrating AI across additional consumer-facing use cases over time. AI plays a central role in our Connected Trip vision as we aim to simplify the planning, booking, and travel experience, making it more personalized, seamless, and enjoyable. As we build towards our Connected Trip vision, we believe we are delivering better value to our travelers as well as our supplier partners. We saw Connected Trip transaction growth of 35% year-over-year in the first quarter, and these connected transactions continued to represent a high single-digit percentage of Booking.com’s total transactions. Much of the work in recent years in building towards the Connected Trip vision has been in standing up the other travel verticals outside of accommodations, like Flights for example. With air ticket growth of 45% in the first quarter, we continue to see strong growth from our flight platform, which is an important component in many of our travelers’ connected trips. Outside of flights, we are pleased to have seen strong growth in our attractions vertical in the quarter, with attraction tickets increasing 92% year-over-year from a modest base. While the direct financial impact is minimal today, we believe continuing to enhance the attractions vertical allows us to offer our travelers compelling in-destination experiences. Finally in dining, I’m excited by the progress the OpenTable team is continuing to make, including the recent establishment of a strategic partnership with Uber that will include developing integrations of their apps to offer dining reservation access and transportation options. When we think about an even more seamless and personalized Connected Trip experience, we believe that compelling AI-powered offerings, like a travel vertical-specific agent, will play a central role. We are highly focused on the many opportunities with AI and will continue the sophisticated work already happening across our company to integrate Generative AI into our offerings, some of which I mentioned earlier when describing their capabilities for our partners and travelers. We are seeing some of our AI offerings driving faster search, improvements in conversion, and fewer customer support contacts. At KAYAK, the team just launched KAYAK.ai, which is its test lab for AI-first features with the aim to improve KAYAK’s product to be even more personalized and conversational over time. Across the company, our teams are testing, learning, and innovating around how AI can be better incorporated into our offerings with more to come. In addition to our own offerings, we are working with leading Generative AI organizations on their agentic developments. We were excited for several of our brands to be named as partners for OpenAI’s Operator agent, Microsoft’s Copilot Actions tool, and Amazon’s Alexa+. While we are still in the very early days, we believe these collaborations reflect our ambition of being at the forefront of this rapidly developing field and are consistent with our longstanding approach to work with different potential sources of new customer traffic. We will continue to learn how travelers and partners prefer to engage with Generative AI across different touchpoints, and I remain confident in our positioning and am energized by the positive impact this technology is already having. In conclusion, I am pleased with the good start to the year and our teams’ efforts as they continued to advance our strategic initiatives including our Connected Trip vision. While there is uncertainty around the near-term geopolitical and macroeconomic environment, we are confident in the long-term growth of travel and in the opportunities ahead for our company as we deploy Generative AI technology and aim to deliver an even better offering for our travelers and partners. I will now turn the call over to our CFO, Ewout Steenbergen.
Ewout Steenbergen: Thank you, Glenn and good afternoon. I will now review our results for the first quarter and provide our current thinking for the second quarter and full-year. All growth rates are on a year-over-year basis. Information regarding reconciliation of non-GAAP results to GAAP results can be found in our earnings release. We will be posting a summary earnings presentation as well as our prepared remarks to the Booking Holdings investor relations website after the conclusion of the earnings call. Now let’s move to our first quarter results. Our room nights in the first quarter grew a bit above 7%, which was slightly above the high end of our guidance. Looking at our room night growth by region in the first quarter, Europe and Asia were up high single digits, Rest of World was up low double digits, and the U.S. was up low single digits. In the quarter, we observed notable changes in certain travel patterns. For example, we saw a moderation in trends for inbound travel into the U.S., particularly from bookers in Canada and to a lesser extent from bookers in Europe. However, we also saw an improvement in trends in other travel corridors, for example from Canada to Mexico, resulting in stable growth overall. These results demonstrate how our globally diversified business can help to mitigate country specific dynamics while capturing growth opportunities elsewhere. While we saw a year-over-year increase in length of stay on a global basis, we saw a decrease in length of stay in the U.S., which could indicate that U.S. consumers are becoming more careful with their spending. We also saw some evidence of a bifurcated economy in the U.S. as higher star rating hotels appear to be more resilient than lower star rating hotels. We have not seen either of these dynamics in Europe. On our key strategic initiatives, we continue to see encouraging progress in driving alternative accommodations growth, increasing the direct and mobile app mix of our bookings, expanding our Genius loyalty program, and growing our other travel verticals. We continue to expand our alternative accommodations business faster than the overall business. For our alternative accommodations at Booking.com, our first quarter room night growth was 12% and the global mix of alternative accommodation room nights was 37%, which was up 1 percentage point from the first quarter of 2024. We continue to strengthen our direct relationships with our travelers and increase loyalty on our platforms through our efforts to deliver value to consumers. Over the last four quarters, our B2C direct mix was in the mid-60% range, an increase from the low-60% range one year ago. The mobile app mix of our total first quarter room nights was in the mid-50% range, which was up from the low-50% range in 2024. We continue to see that the significant majority of bookings received from our mobile apps come through the direct channel. For our Genius loyalty program, the mix of Booking.com room nights booked by travelers in the higher Genius tiers of Levels 2 and 3 was in the mid-50% range over the last four quarters and this mix continued to increase year-over-year. These Genius Level 2 and 3 travelers have a meaningfully higher direct booking rate than our other travelers. I’m also pleased to share that we delivered another strong quarter of solid growth across our other travel verticals. Over 16 million airline tickets were booked across our platforms in the first quarter, an increase of 45% year-over-year, driven by the continued growth of our flight offerings at Booking.com and Agoda. We also saw strong growth in attractions with tickets booked up 92% year-over-year off a modest base. First quarter gross bookings increased 7% year-over-year or about 10% on a constant currency basis. The constant currency growth rate was approximately 3 percentage points higher than room night growth due to about 2 percentage points from higher flight bookings growth as well as an increase in constant currency accommodation ADRs of about 1%. The year-over-year ADR increase was impacted by a higher mix of room nights from Asia. Excluding regional mix, constant currency ADRs were up about 2% versus the first quarter of 2024. The increase in gross bookings slightly exceeded the high end of our guidance, driven by less than 1 percentage point of benefit from changes in FX relative to our expectations. Constant currency accommodation ADRs and flight ticket growth were about in line with our expectations. First quarter revenue of $4.8 billion grew 8% year-over-year, which exceeded the high end of our guidance by 4 percentage points due to higher revenues from facilitating payments as well as less than 1 percentage point of benefit from changes in FX relative to our expectations. Revenue as a percentage of gross bookings of 10.2% was slightly higher than expected due to the higher revenues from payments. Constant currency revenue growth was about 10%. When normalizing for the year-over-year impacts of Easter timing and the leap year, constant currency revenue growth was about 15% in the first quarter. Marketing expense, which is a highly variable expense line, increased 10% year-over-year. Marketing expense as a percentage of gross bookings was 3.8% and was about in line with our expectations. Marketing expense as a percentage of gross bookings was slightly higher than the first quarter of 2024. Social media channel spend continues to scale at attractive incremental ROIs, while successful experimentation has led to improved performance in some of our traditional marketing channels. Those improved marketing channels helped drive increased booker volumes at comparable ROIs. First quarter sales and other expenses as a percentage of gross bookings was 1.5%, slightly lower than last year despite the higher merchant mix, as higher payment expenses were offset by lower bad debt provisions and increased efficiencies in customer service. Adjusted fixed operating expenses decreased 3% year-over-year, which was better than our prior expectation primarily due to lower G&A expenses that benefited from a $17 million reduction of an accrual for certain transaction taxes. Personnel expenses came in slightly below our expectations for the quarter due to a $36 million reduction of a pension accrual. We continue to take a disciplined approach toward managing our fixed expenses. Adjusted EBITDA of approximately $1.1 billion grew 21% year-over-year and exceeded the high end of our guidance range by 28% largely due to the higher revenue as well as the better-than-expected adjusted fixed operating expenses. Adjusted EPS of $24.81 per share was up 22% year-over-year, similar to the growth in adjusted EBITDA as the benefit of a 5% lower average share count was offset by an increase in interest expense. On a GAAP basis, net income was $333 million in the first quarter and was impacted by a mark-to-market adjustment to the conversion option premium of our convertible note due May 2025, and an FX remeasurement loss on our Euro bonds, partially offset by a reduction in the accruals related to the Netherlands pension fund matter for 2023 and earlier years. All of these items were excluded from our adjusted results. For the first quarter, we realized a very small amount of in-quarter savings from the Transformation Program, however, we have already taken actions that we expect will enable approximately $300 million in annual run-rate savings, of which about $150 million is forecasted to be realized this year, consistent with our prior expectations. In the first quarter, we incurred $32 million in transformation costs, which were excluded from our adjusted results. We continue to estimate the aggregate transformation costs will be about $400 million to $450 million, which is similar to the run-rate savings we ultimately expect to achieve from the program. Now on to our cash and liquidity position. Our first quarter ending cash and investments balance of $16.1 billion was down versus our fourth quarter ending balance of $16.7 billion due to about $2.1 billion of capital return including share repurchases and dividends, a pay down of about $1.5 billion for debt that matured in March, as well as about $500 million in additional share repurchases to satisfy employee withholding tax obligations, partially offset by about $3.2 billion in free cash flow generated in the quarter. Free cash flow in the first quarter benefited by about $1.9 billion from changes in working capital, driven primarily by the seasonal increase in our deferred merchant bookings balance. Moving to our thoughts for the second quarter. We have continued to see stable travel demand trends in our business so far in the second quarter and our guidance for the quarter assumes a continuation of those trends. However, we recognize the possibility that these trends could be impacted by the increased uncertainty in the geopolitical and macroeconomic environment and the subsequent potential effect on consumer spending and behavior, travel patterns, or our partners. We’ll continue to closely monitor the travel environment for any changes. Our guidance also assumes recent FX rates including the Euro-U.S. Dollar at 1.14 for the remainder of the quarter. We estimate changes in FX will positively impact our second quarter reported growth rates by about 4 percentage points. We currently expect second quarter room night growth to be between 4% and 6%, which includes a slight headwind from the calendar shift of Easter into April. We currently expect second quarter gross bookings to increase between 10% and 12%, including a couple of percentage points of positive impact from higher flight ticket growth, partially offset by a slight impact from the calendar shift of Easter. We expect constant currency accommodation ADRs will be about flat year-over-year. We currently expect second quarter revenue growth to be between 10% and 12%, including a benefit of about 3 percentage points from the calendar shift of Easter into April. We currently expect second quarter adjusted EBITDA to be between about $2.15 billion and $2.2 billion, growing 16% year-over-year at the high end, which includes about 7 percentage points of year-over-year benefit from the Easter shift. Turning to the full-year 2025. Although we continue to see stable trends globally so far in the second quarter, we recognize that our business could be impacted by the increased uncertainty in the geopolitical and macroeconomic environment. Therefore we are widening the range of our full-year expectations for constant currency growth. At this time, we expect constant currency growth of mid to high single digits for gross bookings and revenue and low to mid-teens for adjusted EPS. The high end of each of these ranges remains in line with our prior expectations and our long-term growth ambition. We continue to expect leverage in our marketing expenses and adjusted fixed operating expenses due to our disciplined management approach. Additionally, we also continue to expect to make targeted reinvestments across the organization of about $170 million in 2025. At this time, we expect constant currency growth for adjusted EBITDA of high single digits to low double digits, and we expect our adjusted EBITDA margins to expand between 50 and 100 basis points year-over-year. Assuming recent FX rates for the remainder of the year, we estimate changes in FX will positively impact our full-year reported growth rates by about 2 percentage points versus the constant currency growth rates I just mentioned. In conclusion, we are pleased with our first quarter results and our team’s continued execution toward our strategic initiatives. We remain confident in our ability to successfully navigate through the current environment and take advantage of new opportunities based on our low capital intensity, global diversification, and strong financial profile of the company. I would like to recognize the success of all our colleagues who are contributing to building a stronger offering for our travelers and partners that will position us well for the long-term. With that, we’ll now take your questions. Operator, will you please open the lines?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Douglas Anmuth: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. One for Glenn, one for Ewout. Glenn, just on AI, can you talk about what drives your confidence that travel vertical specific agents will prove to be valuable over time and just how they’ll compare to agents on broader-based platforms? And then Ewout, you mentioned the shift in travel patterns that you’re seeing. Can you talk more about how bookings benefiting from the geographic diversification and whether you’re seeing any shift toward lower cost alternatives or shorter booking windows into the summer travel season? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: Hi, Doug. Thanks. That’s a good question. It’s something I think a lot of people are wondering about. How will this new world of AI play out? We have hyperscalers with very broad capabilities and narrow players, different domains, and being more specific, and is that going to be better or not. And I think it’s not an either/or. I think there are actually places for both areas where we will do well. So let’s take, for example, a very large player. Let’s take OpenAI, who, as you know, we kind of deal with, and we’re one of the founding partners in their operator system. And, of course, we also set one up now, as I mentioned in the earlier remarks about Microsoft and Alexa+. And I’d like to – I think I’m comfortable saying we’re having discussions with others. And that is one way that we will help together do what is best that we both do best. They do a great job in creating these very large language models and having a very broad ability to bring in answers to somebody’s questions. Well, we, in an hour, will be able to actually create the booking, do what is necessary to actually execute what the person wants to get done. Now on the flip side, something I’m really excited about is what we’re working on our own, and that is being able to have a narrower generative AI system that enables people to accomplish the same thing, but we think using all of our resource are the data we have, the personalization we have, the incredible abilities of our very, very smart technology people to create something that really is incredibly well. Now I know some people are going to go to the hyperscalers. They’re just going to get used to it. And they’re going to say that’s where I want to go. Same way people right now go to Google even though I know they would save some status by coming directly to us, which we are seeing. And as I think Ewout mentioned about how the direct is moving up, we’re now mid-60s when you take out the B2B stuff, and that’s an improvement over last year, which was low-60%. This is really good stuff for us in terms of people coming directly, but I know some people aren’t. But I do believe if we provide more value, if we make it easier for people to execute what they want, in the long run, this will continue to build all the things we’ve been talking about is creating that seamless, frictionless, connected trip, which I know so many people want because I know travel is still a frustrating experience. I know we can do it so much better. I think we are doing it already. I think that’s part of the reason why we are doing so well. Ewout, I’ll let you answer the second question.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good afternoon, Doug. I think your question was around the shift in travel patterns and what we’re seeing from a geographical perspective. So I think the headline answer there is we see stable demand globally. So from January until today in April, we have seen very stable demand and don’t see any impact from the general economic environment in our business. So that’s really a positive. If I dive a little bit deeper, yes, we are seeing some underlying changes in travel preferences in some of the corridors as we have pointed out. So Europeans are traveling less to the U.S. They might travel now more to Canada, to Asia, and Intra-Europe, what we are seeing. I pointed already out that Canadians are traveling less to the U.S. We see them more traveling to Mexico at this moment. For us, it doesn’t matter. We are agnostic to where they are traveling because usually they’re spending the same amount just at another destination. And the fact that we are globally so well diversified, just want to call out what we have said in the past, a little bit over 50% of our business is in Europe, about 25% is in Asia, low-double digits in terms of room nights is in the U.S. So we’re very well diversified to help travelers to go to other destinations, and economically, we’re completely fine and neutral with that. We’re seeing globally the length of stay being stable. Except for the U.S., as we called out in our prepared remarks, the booking window is still expanding. And if I look at the metric that we call on the books, so how many bookings do we already have in the future over the next few months, including the summer period, we see a healthy increase year-over-year. So generally, I would say the underlying trends are positive with the slight weakness in U.S., but overall, our position is really good. Moreover, in a situation like this, we can add additional value for our supply partners. They need even more help to really fill their seats, fill their rooms. So this is the moment to really step up and deliver that additional value for our supply partners. And usually coming out of situations like this, we are looking much better and we’re much stronger in terms of the partnerships.
Douglas Anmuth: Thank you both. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Mark Mahaney: Okay. I want to ask two questions. First on attractions, I think across the industry, there’s probably going to be a little bit of a greater focus on that this year. Glenn, is there anything in particular that’s new about the strategy for you? I know you got this high growth, but it’s on a modest space. Is there something that’s caused the opportunity to become more attractive than at other points in the past? And then just on the agentic tools that you have on your own sites, Priceline, Penny, et cetera. Do you want to just talk a little bit about the product path? It seems like there’s some really interesting functionality in there based on our testing, but it’s still kind of beta-esque. I think it actually literally still is in beta. When do you think that will come out and the average person coming to Priceline and the booking will actually be able to use the tool, and it will be prominently displayed? Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: Hi, Mark. Two good questions. I like the fact you said something about attractions because it give me an opportunity to talk about that 92% growth rate, which I really like to see. See, here’s the thing, though, and we haven’t talked a lot about attraction in the past, but it certainly is within that connected trip vision. And if you recall, and I laid this out, many years ago, even a little bit before the pandemic of course, pandemic created a little bit of a slowdown for us. I do a couple of other things in that time. But the idea is the long-term vision of the connected trip required us to go basically almost from scratch. The only thing we had at Booking.com was an agency hotel business, and that cannot possibly be a foundation for a connected trip to create that better experience. So we had to first start doing, okay, we need payments. So we start building payments so we can have a merchant for the hotels, which is the foundation. Then what’s the biggest thing after that? Well, flights. We got to build flights. Of course, you saw that [145%] growth rate on that one for the quarter, like that and the tickets. And then we say, well, we got to do other things too. The ground transportation is sure we had a car rental business. We had to build up the other stuff too, and, of course, attractions. Now you can’t do everything at once, and you got to be thinking about what do we need first and how much money put into it, how many people, and where should we put it, et cetera. Now we have all of these verticals up and running and scaling, which is great. And we did something last year, a little more than a year ago. We rearranged with other people at Booking.com. We created a new place called marketplace to help bring this all together. And now we’re using all of our technology. We’re just trying to use all of our data, machine learning models and other things, and now Gen AI too, to come up to put it together. So it started to get a little bit of launch here, a little bit of lift. But, we say, look, the 92% great, still relatively smaller number than some of the big players in attractions who are solely doing just attractions. But I’ll tell you, it ain’t tiny, and it is going to continue to grow. I am very excited because that is something that people really will see as a difference. When you are in destination, I’ve talked about this. Your phone in your pocket, that’s like having a travel agent in your pocket who’s giving you a great, great deal, a great opportunity, a great suggestion on something to do and being there telling all this and like an attraction. I’ve given a lot of examples. I won't use up the time now because you've heard them before, but that's going to be really important, providing that value. And it's great to be pretty far along in having set it up. And now we have more inventory and continuing to develop the ways to do it. So I'm really, really excited about that. Now the second thing is you're talking about is into this idea of this agentic AI and the different things we have like Penny at Priceline or like the AI Trip Planner at Booking. And now we just came out, KAYAK, I don't know if you've seen it or not, KAYAK came out with the KAYAK.ai, another thing coming out. All these things are different approaches to the same thing, which is trying to come up with an easier way for people to be able to accomplish what they want in travel. And you're right, beta is a good way to say. It's early. And I use it. And sometimes I'm Scotia like, well, that doesn't look right. That's not right. And I understand, but these things do take time. By the way, everybody who uses any of the hyperscalers, too, you get some time information that you scratch your head about. It's going to take time. You want to know when is it going to be a great perfect thing. And I'll tell you, son, it's going to take a little bit of time. But like each day, it gets a little bit better. And I also like the fact the way we're working with other big players to really help perfect this stuff. So I'm just – this is one of these times. This new technology, it almost feel like it's back when I first started this company in 2000, so many new exciting things coming down the road that are going to make it so much better. I wish I could give you a date, Mark, I can't, but I can tell you it's coming.
Mark Mahaney: Thank you, Glenn.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks so much for taking the questions. Maybe two, if I could. Following up on the SKUs and the shifts you're seeing around the edges in travel behavior, are you yourself changing any focus competitively about where you're aiming some of your incremental growth investments to capitalize on shifts in the broader environment? Or are you seeing any competitive intensity changes broader across the industry as a result of some of those shifts? Second question, I think I got this right, but on the prepared remarks, I think you made the comment that there's been some successful experimentation in traditional marketing channels that had improved performance. And I just want to know if we can get a little more granularity what you meant by that in terms of what kind of experiments or what kind of rate of change you might be seeing in terms of improved returns. Thanks so much.
Ewout Steenbergen: Good afternoon. Eric. Let me take both questions. First, in terms of shifts in terms of our investments, given what we're seeing across the world, we're not so much making changes at this moment. We very much believe, as you know, in the long-term nature of our business, creating value from a medium and long-term perspective for our shareholders and not really changing our short-term situation too much for opportunistic reasons. So we are continuing with our transformation program. We're continuing with our reinvestments. Glenn already talked about attractions, which is a part of the reinvestment program, but also advertising, GenAI and several other areas that we're building out, fintech as well. So we will continue with that. We will continue with alternative accommodations, with flights, with the connected trip build-out, our direct channels. So all of that will continue. So not so much of a shift. We are not seeing any changes in terms of trends. So we said it's very stable. In case the uncertainty is playing out, and again, we are not seeing that today, but in case this will happen later this year, there might be opportunities to shift some of our investments because, in fact, at that point in time, there could be opportunity for us to really take advantage of such a situation based on the financial strength we are having as a company. But that's not really the case at this moment. In terms of the performance marketing and the traditional performance marketing and what is happening there, what we are seeing is higher performance in marketing spend as a percentage of gross bookings, but that was planned for this quarter. So that's not really a surprise for us. We are continuously optimizing for efficient spend in our performance marketing channels and always doing experiments to find ways to further improve that spend. What we have seen is that we find opportunities with lower ROIs than our average ROIs, but still positive ROIs and ROIs that are both our ROI floor. So economically, a good outcome, but mathematically, it is bringing the average ROI slightly down. So it's purely based on traffic mix changes, but not so much on anything else. So from our perspective, this is a positive story. Excluding mix, we're improving performance, we're growing faster, and we are taking there for share in most of our markets.
Eric Sheridan: Great. Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: I add one thing to emphasize what Ewout said, which I think is an important thing to keep in mind, and that is as he pointed out, if, and it's a big if, because we're not seeing it, but if things work to turn a little bit sideways or downward or such, we have always, in the past, used those opportunities to gain share. When you look at our company over the many, many years that we've been operating here, we have been able to be nimble and agile and take advantage. When there is opportunity to gain share, we have used that opportunity and have come out of those situations better off than when we went into them. I think that sounded very well. Just to keep in mind because I hear some of the noise and I feel concerned about what the future is. And for ourselves, we've done well when things have not done so well for everyone else.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Brian Nowak: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. I have two. Maybe the first one just on the new annual guidance and sort of the widening. I hear a lot of sort of sounding things are stable. There's not a lot of changes going on in the business. Maybe just sort of walk us through the reasoning for the widening of the range just to sort of in case or just being more pragmatic. Or is there anything you're seeing in the business that is sort of informing your decision to widen the range versus what you thought 90 days ago? And then the second one, Ewout, just to go back to that last answer about the lower ROIs driving growth, is it a geographic phenomenon? Or are there certain channels that are sort of like lower ROI? Or sort of – can you just help us understand a little more again by what's going on with the lower ROI incremental acquisition that you have? Thanks.
Ewout Steenbergen: Sure, Brian. Good afternoon. So when we are looking at our full-year guidance, what we have said is on a constant currency basis – because as we know, FX is moving around a lot. So we thought it's cleaner and simpler and better and easier to understand to guide constant currency and then provide you the FX sensitivities around that. On a constant currency basis, at the high end of the range, we're still at high single-digit growth on a constant currency basis for growth bookings and revenues and still at mid-teens for EPS. Based on the trends we are seeing today, we see the market very stable. We see demand stable. But we also know there's a lot of uncertainty out there in the world. We don't know, particularly the second half of this year, what is going to happen, how things are going to play out. No one knows. Is there going to be, at some point, an impact on consumer confidence. And will that impact in the end consumer spending in all retail categories, including travel? It's very uncertain and unknown. So we think it's reasonable to say the possibilities in terms of outcomes has become much wider than 90 days ago. And therefore, it would make sense to widen the ranges and now say on a constant currency basis to go from mid- to high single digits for gross bookings and revenues and low to mid-teens for EPS. But the high end is still the same because if those uncertainties do not play out, then we will be exactly where we said we would be 90 days ago when we did our fourth quarter call. In terms of the performance marketing ROIs, so let me give you an example there, Brian. So if you think about the social media channels, we started really to scale up those channels during the second quarter of last year. Those are really attractive. The ROIs are above one. So it's economically a positive outcome for the company, but the average ROIs are higher than some of those. We're also experimenting in some of our traditional performance marketing channels. For competitive reasons, I can't give you more details on what we are exactly doing there and what is happening. But as long as the ROIs are attractive and economically, we create value for our shareholders, it will be foolish not to lean in, in those on an incremental ROI basis, even though it might be slightly lower than our average ROIs. I would say, don't look too much into this because, yes, this is happening during the first quarter. But for example, on the social media channels, we're lapping that during the second quarter. So that impact won't show up so much anymore. Moreover, we will continue to see our direct channel expanding. That's our expectation for the rest of the year. So we're still forecasting marketing leverage for the second quarter and for the full-year 2025 as a company.
Brian Nowak: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lee Horowitz with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Lee Horowitz: Hi. Thanks. Two quick ones, if I could. I think, Glenn, you talked about if things were to perhaps go sideways, you guys have often used those opportunities to sort of lean in and take share. And I think we have certainly seen that in the past. But it does seem like there is perhaps some concerning about things flattening or going sideways in the U.S. Are you guys seeing that as a market that maybe you lean in even more than you planned previously just given that this could be an opportunity to gain share in the key strategic market? And then maybe just one on direct mix. We've obviously seen that number continue just to creep up over time. I wonder how you guys think about sort of what the high-end bar may look like over a longer period of time. You're building the Connected Trip, so presumably still higher from here. But where do you potentially see high watermarks for direct mix over time? And how does generative AI perhaps impact that? Do generative AI tools that you build perhaps help you build more direct mix over time or vice versa? Are partners who are building GenAI tools perhaps take increased paid mix over time if their tools turn out to be legitimate sources for travel demand? Thank you both.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you, Lee. So on the first one, about opportunities, and use the U.S. as an example, things get worse, do we get a bigger opportunity to lean even further and take more share? Obviously, I’m not going to speak any specifics, but any time that we see an opportunity that we believe an investment will give us long-term value, we're going to take advantage of that as we have in the past. One of the things, for example – so let's take our alternative accommodations area, which it's been going very, very well. I mean I like that 12% growth rate. I've had the fun of talking about each quarter, we do better than the biggest player in the space and who knows what it will be this time. Last time we spoke, it was 14 or 15 quarters. So this is now the 16th quarter, so it will be four years. And I'm hoping that I'll be able to say that out of four years, we were faster than the biggest player in every single quarter except one. And it's good because we've been leaning into that even in good times. Now things start getting a little bit skittish and such, and you end up with people who have properties. And they're not able to fill them as easily because there aren't as much demand. We have the tools, we have the ways, we've got the data, and we have proven this in the past during the worst, the worst to travel since World War II, the pandemic. In that first year, we had a positive EBITDA of $900 million almost. That shows our ability to be adaptable, be able to vary what we're doing and to come to partners with ways for them to get whatever demand was there. So yes, Lee, if there is an opportunity, we are going to take it. Now in terms of your second one, the direct, yes, we like it, it keeps going up. But I'll tell you, it's never going to be 100% all back because there's always going to be somebody new who comes in, go some other way. We want to get that customer too. It's funny once, and this is a long time ago, somebody said, "Hey, we can have 100% if we just stop advertising and stop bringing people from other channels," which obviously wouldn't be very good for the business. So I don't know what the optimal amount is. I know we look at ROIs, we look what's the cost, what it costs to get a new customer, from which channel. And your point about some of these new other agentic AI, who knows? Maybe that will be a great opportunity. Maybe what will happen is we'll end up with a whole bunch of them, which is going to be a lot more supply for new customers to be coming, which will lower the cost for us to acquire them. That could be wonderful for us. We'll see how it plays out. As it is right now, I like it the way we're playing it right now. I like the ROIs we've been using, and I like the growth in the direct the way it is. So knock on wood, and there's no wood near me, but knock on wood, things seem to be going pretty darn good.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Gawrelski with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Gawrelski: Thank you for the question. Two, if I may, please. First, I want to address again in past periods of some macro weakness, the OTAs in general and Booking in particular has had the opportunity to take share and also has seen partners kind of lean into the OTA channel, meaning the big chains, et cetera. So I'm curious as if you're seeing anything, especially in the U.S., where you're seeing some incremental weakness, if you're seeing that behavior already and you expect that throughout the year. And then the second one is really, I'd love your thoughts on alternative accommodations versus hotels. And that if you think about the ADR – potential ADR performance throughout the year on a constant FX basis, would you expect to see maybe more volatility or more variability in ADRs on alternative accommodations relative to hotels? Thank you very much.
Ewout Steenbergen: Ken, let me take both questions. So first, on the opportunities we see in the macro environment where there is some weakness. So opportunities there could be, and some of that is already playing out, that there are some suppliers in the U.S. These could be airlines, these could be hotels that need additional help to fill seats, to fill rooms and where we are building partnerships and find opportunities in certain programs in order to help to create additional demand. So that is actually already happening as we speak. Other opportunities could be, as Glenn mentioned, to really help alternative accommodation owners, villa owners, apartment owners that see that their bookings are not really developing as they have seen in the past, where we can put them on our platform and take advantage that our listings in alternative accommodations will go up. It might also be that at some point, certain players will get in our industry more into financial difficulties. And given the financial strength we have as a company, we can lean in more in performance marketing channels based on our possibility to really invest in those channels at attractive ROIs and, therefore, really expand the level of activity that we can ultimately get to us in those auctions. So those are a number of examples that are happening. In terms of your question, your second question, the economics of alternative accommodations versus hotels, actually, there is not a large economic difference. And the best proof point is what you can see in our results over the last multiple quarters. Because we have been growing alternative accommodations for the last multiple quarters faster than traditional accommodations in all regions in the world, but you haven't seen an impact on ADRs, you haven't seen an impact on EBITDA margins, you haven't seen an impact on any of our other metrics. On the contrary, we have continued to really build out all of those metrics in a very healthy way. The other thing just to point out is if you look at the post stock-based compensation basis, compared to the largest player in alternative accommodations, we are growing faster with EBITDA margins, again, on a post-SBC basis. It's really important to make that correction and not take numbers as they are being reported. Our EBITDA margins are approximately 50% higher, and we are growing faster. So that's another example of that we are really not having any negative impact from that mix shift.
Kenneth Gawrelski: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Kopelman with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
Kevin Kopelman: Thanks a lot. Can you talk about how broadly and in what ways your suppliers are engaging with the Genius program, particularly with the Tier 2 and Tier 3 Geniuses that are growing? And to what extent is Genius coming into play beyond traditional accommodations into alternative connected trip verticals? And just as a follow-up to the last question, when you are seeing some early signs of pressure like you noted in the U.S., might you also see some pickup in supplier engagement with Genius? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: Hi, Kevin, yes is the answer. That's one of the wonderful things about Genius. I mean it's a win-win-win for everybody. It's a win, obviously, for the consumer who gets a better deal. It's a win for the supplier because they're able to get an incremental customer into their – whether it be a hotel or it be a car rental or whatever it is, gets them in without impacting, without having a channel conflict because they want to have a public price somewhere else. And of course, we do well because we get more bookings that way. And yes, when things get softer, people look for different ways to try and get that incremental demand without hurting, without cannibalizing, without destroying whatever pricing strategies they have. And by the way, it's not just Genius. And I'm glad you pointed out Genius because I love the fact that we got the Level 2, Level 3 are now well over 30% and they're producing great, great volume. But we offer a tremendous number of different ways for a supplier to get that incremental demand, whether it be mobile rates, whether it be geography rates. We have all different ways to bring opportunities to a supplier in a scientific way, not just throwing out a sale, not just coming out with a plaque or say, "Oh, come, it's lower price." We are doing it targeted selectively. That's part of the beauty of our company with the incredible amount of data that we have that helps with all the science and all this machine learning to come out, what should be priced, where, how and working together with the partner, having an account manager who can go and talk to that hotelier and say, "Here's the product I think you need to do here because of this, this, this," and getting them that demand. That is the partnership that we do. I think, unfortunately, a lot of people see this, "Oh, this is just a place you put a price up and it's so easy." Actually, there's a lot of science that goes into this. And that is part of the reason we have been performing so well over the last 25 years.
Kevin Kopelman: Thank you, Glenn.
Operator: And that's all the time we have for questions today. And I will now turn the call back over to Glenn for closing comments.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. I want to thank our partners, our travelers, our dedicated employees and our stockholders. We are truly grateful for everyone's support as we work towards realizing our company's long-term vision. Thank you, and good night.
Operator: And this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-20 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Booking Holdings' Fourth Quarter 2024 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Legislation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflected something other than historical facts are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings' actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the safe harbor statements in Booking Holdings' earnings press release as well as Booking Holdings' most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligations to update publicly or any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings' earnings press release is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings' website, www.bookingholdings.com. And now I would like to introduce Booking Holdings' speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and Ewout Steenbergen. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. Welcome to Booking Holdings Holdings' fourth quarter conference call. I'm joined this afternoon by our CFO, Ewout Steenbergen. I am pleased to report we had a strong finish to 2024, closing out another successful year. I'm even more pleased to report the progress we are making on our long term strategic plan. In a few days, I will mark my 25th year at this company, quarter of a century. And I am more excited than ever about our potential. It's an incredible time to be in the travel industry with a transformative force of AI, particularly generative AI, redefining how people will experience the world. Adapting to and leveraging new technologies has been in our DNA from the start and generative AI is pushing the pace of technology innovation faster than ever. In this dynamic environment, I am confident that we are well positioned to deploy this technology to further benefit our travelers and partners given our legacy of innovation, resources, proprietary data, the global nature of our business and years of experience with AI. I'll speak more about the AI opportunity shortly. But first, I will briefly cover our financial highlights from the last quarter and the full year. Our fourth quarter room nights exceeded the high end of our prior expectations and grew 13% year-over-year. The improvement in room night growth was seen across all our major regions, each of which grew by double digits in the quarter. The stronger than expected room night growth helped drive fourth quarter gross bookings growth of 17% and revenue growth of 14%, both above the high end of our prior guidance ranges. Adjusted EBITDA of $1.8 billion was 26% higher than the fourth quarter of 2023 and 12% above the high end of our prior guidance range, driven by revenue outperformance and lower than expected adjusted fixed OpEx. Finally, adjusted earnings per share in the quarter grew 30% year-over-year. Looking back at the full year of 2024, I am proud of our achievements, including advancing our connected trip vision, further innovating our AI capabilities, expanding our merchant offerings, growing alternative accommodations and enhancing and expanding our Genius loyalty program. Our achievements in these areas allowed us to deliver even more value to our travelers and supplier partners while all helping to drive our strong financial results for the year. For the full year, gross bookings of $166 billion increased 10% versus 2023 and revenue of $24 billion grew 11% year-over-year. We achieved these strong top line results while growing our bottom line even faster with adjusted EBITDA of over $8 billion, increasing 17% year-over-year. Finally, adjusted earnings per share was up 23% year-over-year, helped by the 7% reduction in our full year average share count versus last year. I would note that on a constant currency basis, our full year gross bookings, revenue, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS all grew about 1 percentage point faster than the reported growth rates I just mentioned. Our long term ambition in a normalized travel environment continues to be to grow our annual constant currency gross bookings by at least 8%, to grow our constant currency revenue by at least 8% and to grow our constant currency adjusted earnings per share by at least 15%. I'm proud to say that we exceeded these growth targets in 2024. At the start of 2025, we continued to see healthy demand for leisure travel globally. Assuming another year of normalized growth for the travel industry, we are targeting full year constant currency growth rates that would again deliver on our long term growth ambition for gross bookings, revenue and adjusted EPS. Given the importance of travel to consumers and the aspirations of people to experience the world, we remain confident in the long term outlook for the travel industry and believe that we are well positioned to deliver attractive growth across our key metrics in the coming years. Ewout will provide further details on our fourth quarter results, our expectations for 2025 and our approach to capital returns in his remarks. At Booking Holdings, we have always been driven by innovation from the early days of the Internet and online travel to be one of the first employers of large scale A/B testing, to the advent of the smartphone and consumer adoption of mobile apps, to using sophisticated machine learning models early in our business, we have consistently evolved to meet the needs of travelers and partners. We believe that compelling AI powered offerings like a travel vertical specific agent will play a central role in delivering even more seamless and personalized connected trip experience to travelers. We see the development and use of AI agents and those agents working with other AI agents as a potential way to more quickly bring together the different elements of travel into a truly connected offering on our platform. We are highly focused on the many opportunities with AI and we'll continue the sophisticated work already happening across our company to integrate generative AI into our offerings, which includes Booking.com's AI trip planner and Priceline's AI powered travel assistant called Penny. In addition, we're pleased to see the work being done at OpenTable with its use of Salesforce's agent force platform, while Agoda and KAYAK are making their own generative AI advances. As we continue to incorporate this technology, we are confident that it will enhance our ability to attract and satisfy our travelers as well as our partners who have long relied on our technology advancements to help attract customers and grow their businesses. In addition, we believe generative AI has the potential to drive improvements and operational efficiency, which would contribute to a further deceleration of our fixed expense growth in 2025. Whether customer service, partner service, developer productivity or other areas where we are finding more efficient ways of working, we are already seeing some early benefits and we plan to continue to build on this. We are also excited to be working with leading generative AI organizations on their agentic developments. These collaborations reflect our commitment to staying at the forefront of this rapidly developing field and are consistent with our long-standing approach to work with different sources of new customer traffic. And with our track record in this area, I am confident in our ability to create value for all participants in this new evolving economic landscape. We expect that agentic models will change the way some bookers discover and use our platforms. And we believe that working with these models will be another attractive way for us to deliver unique value to our travelers and partners through competitive pricing, loyalty benefits and rewards offering of other travel products, high quality customer service and an easy and trusted payment process. Given the complexity, expense and importance of travel to customers, it is critical to deliver value and to continue to be a trusted platform in order to have customers choose to make bookings with us. I'm encouraged to see that we continue to build trust with travelers as evidenced by our growing mix of direct bookings, which was in the mid-60s percentage of our B2C room nights in 2024. We will continue to learn how customers want to interact with all forms of GenAI, and I like how we are positioned. I'm excited about the changes and benefits that this technology is bringing to us now and we expect will do even more so in the future. Now focusing a bit more on our connected trip vision. We are making steady progress towards simplifying the planning, booking and travel experience, making more personalized, seamless and enjoyable while delivering better value to our travelers and supplier partners. We saw connected trip transaction growth accelerate to over 45% year-over-year in the fourth quarter and these connected transactions represented a high single digit percentage of Booking.com's total transactions. Flights are an important component in many of the connected trips that our travelers book. For the full year, our travelers booked almost 50 million airline tickets across our platforms, which increased 38% year-over-year and had a gross bookings value of $13.1 billion. We continue to see this vertical bring new customers to our platforms while delivering a more complete offering to our existing customers, making travel planning and booking easier for them and creating opportunities for us to provide more value to them. And we believe that GenAI, coupled with our data and machine learning capabilities, will enable us to improve our supplier partners' businesses, particularly the small and medium sized businesses who do not have easy access to these sophisticated technologies. Another foundational component of the connected trip vision is our expanding merchant offering at Booking.com. Merchant capabilities offer more flexibility for our travelers and partners while also unlocking the ability to merchandise across verticals. The mix of merchant gross bookings reached 59% of total gross bookings at Booking.com in 2024, an increase of about 9 percentage points year-over-year, which is higher than our expectations at the start of 2024. We are pleased to see that processing transactions through Booking.com's merchant offering generated incremental contribution margin dollars in 2024, though this was still a small percentage of our total adjusted EBITDA. We believe that we are still very early in our fintech journey and expect over the upcoming years to reduce the cost of transactions for our travelers and supplier partners while also contributing to our bottom line. We believe our Genius loyalty program at Booking.com also helps to connect more elements of travel as we extend this program beyond accommodations into other travel verticals. We believe the value this program delivers will promote customer loyalty, frequency and direct booking behavior. We are encouraged to see more of our travelers moving into our higher genius tiers of Levels 2 and 3, which represent over 30% of our active travelers. And these travelers booked a mid-50s percentage of Booking.com's room nights in 2024. These Genius Level 2 and 3 travelers having meaningfully higher direct booking rate and a higher booking frequency than the rest of our travelers. We continue to drive more Genius benefits to our travelers in 2024 and we have seen steady growth in the share of connected trip transactions that receive Genius benefits. We believe that all of the connected trip elements provide value to our customers, leading them to choose to book more frequently and directly with us. We are encouraged to see that the direct booking channel continues to grow faster than room rights acquired through paid marketing channels. Providing great supply choices for our travelers is another way we deliver a comprehensive planning and booking experience. And in one area, we are actively expanding our supply is alternative accommodations. For alternative combinations at Booking.com, we continue to see year-over-year growth with listings at the end of Q4 reaching 7.9 million, up about 8% from last year. More listings means more accommodation choices for our travelers, which we believe contributed to strong alternative accommodations room night growth of 19% in the fourth quarter, which was an acceleration of 14% growth in the third quarter. We were pleased to see alternative combination room night growth accelerate in the quarter across all of our regions. We remain committed to being a trusted and valuable partner to all the accommodation properties on our platforms by delivering incremental travel demand and developing products and features designed to support the success of these businesses, a majority of which are small independents. Now I want to briefly discuss our transformation program, and Ewout will provide further details in his commentary. In November 2024, we announced our intention to implement certain organizational changes, including modernizing processes and systems, initiating an expected workforce reduction, optimizing procurement and seeking real estate savings. We are in the process of reviewing some of these potential workforce reductions with works councils, employee representatives and other organizations. While workforce reductions in some areas, along with investing in other areas, involve very difficult decisions, we believe that these steps are critical to improve organizational agility and drive greater operating efficiencies. Reallocating resources across our strategic initiatives in a disciplined manner is a key requirement to maintain global competitiveness. Ultimately, we believe this will help drive stronger and more durable top line and earnings growth over the long term. In conclusion, as I look back over 2024, I am proud of all of the hard work and excellent execution by our teams as they continued to advance our strategic initiatives while delivering strong financial results. These are exciting times for our industry and I am confident in our company's position and ability to leverage generative AI technology to deliver an even better offering for our travelers and partners. I will now turn the call over to our CFO, Ewout Steenbergen.
Ewout Steenbergen: Thank you, Glenn. And good afternoon. I will now review our results for the fourth quarter and the full year of 2024 and provide our thoughts for the first quarter and full year of 2025. All growth rates are on a year-over-year basis. Information regarding reconciliation of non-GAAP results to GAAP results can be found in our earnings release. We will be posting a summary earnings presentation as well as our prepared remarks to the Booking Holdings Investor Relations Web site after the conclusion of the earnings call. Now let's move to our fourth quarter and full year results. Our room nights in the fourth quarter grew 13%, which exceeded the high end of our guidance by 5 percentage points. The higher than expected room night growth was driven by stronger than expected performance across all our regions with the largest impact coming from Europe. Looking at our room nights growth by region. In the fourth quarter, Europe was up low double digits, Asia was up mid-teens, rest of world was up about 20% and the US was up about 10%. We are encouraged by the progress we are making in enhancing the experience for our travelers and partners as we continue to advance our strategic initiatives and build towards our connected trip vision. This includes strengthening our offering through alternative accommodations growth, increasing the direct and mobile app mix of our bookings, expanding our Genius loyalty program and growing our other travel verticals. For our alternative accommodations at Booking.com, our fourth quarter room night growth accelerated to 19% and continue to outpace the overall business. The global mix of alternative accommodation room nights at Booking.com was 33%, which was up 1 percentage point from the fourth quarter of 2023. We continue to strengthen our direct relationships with our travelers and increase loyalty on our platforms. For the full year, the mix of our total room nights coming to us through the direct channel was in the mid-50% range and increased year-over-year. When we exclude our B2B business, our full year B2C direct mix was in the mid-60% range, which is an improvement from the low 60% range in 2023. The mobile [epics] of our total fourth quarter room nights was in the mid-50% range, which was up from the low 50% range in 2023. We continue to see that the significant majority of bookings received from our mobile apps come through the direct channel. For our Genius loyalty program, the mix of Booking.com room nights booked by travelers in the higher Genius tiers of Levels 2 and 3 was in the mid-50% range in 2024 and this mix increased year-over-year. In our other travel verticals, about 14 million airline tickets were booked across our platforms in the fourth quarter. Airline ticket growth in the fourth quarter was 52%, driven by the continued growth of our flight offerings at Booking.com and Agoda and accelerated from the 39% growth in the third quarter. Fourth quarter gross bookings increased 17% year-over-year and increased about 18% on a constant currency basis, which was approximately 5 percentage points higher than the 13% room night growth due to a few percentage points from higher flight bookings growth and an increase in constant currency accommodation ADRs of about 2%. The year-over-year ADR increase was impacted by a higher mix of room nights from Asia. Excluding regional mix, constant currency ADRs were up about 3% versus the fourth quarter of 2023. The increase in gross bookings exceeded the high end of our guidance by 8 percentage points due to stronger than expected room night growth as well as stronger than expected constant currency accommodation ADRs and flight ticket growth, partially offset by about 1 percentage point of impact from changes in FX. Fourth quarter revenue of $5.5 billion grew 14% year-over-year, which exceeded the high end of our guidance by 5 percentage points. Constant currency revenue growth was about 15%. Revenue as a percentage of gross bookings of 14.7% was lower than expected due to impacts from timing and a higher mix of flight bookings. The timing impact was driven by the acceleration in bookings in the fourth quarter as well as a booking window that was more extended in the quarter than expected. Revenue as a percentage of gross bookings was also lower than the fourth quarter of 2023 due to impacts from timing and an increased mix of flight bookings, partially offset by increased revenues associated with payments. We expect the impact from timing in the fourth quarter will benefit our revenue in 2025. Marketing expense, which is a highly variable expense line increased 10% year-over-year. Marketing expense as a percentage of gross bookings was 4.2%, about 30 basis points better than the fourth quarter of 2023 due to lower brand marketing expense and higher direct mix, partially offset by higher spend in social media channels at attractive incremental ROIs. Fourth quarter sales and other expenses as a percentage of gross bookings was 2.0% in line with last year despite a higher merchant mix as higher payment expenses were offset by efficiencies in customer service. Adjusted fixed operating expenses were up 9% year-over-year, which was better than expected due primarily to lower IT and G&A expenses. Throughout this year, we have been very focused on carefully managing the growth of our fixed expenses. Adjusted EBITDA of $1.8 billion grew 26% year-over-year and was 12% above the high end of our guidance range, largely driven by the higher revenue and also by the better than expected adjusted fixed operating expenses. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 33.8% in the fourth quarter was up versus last year by about 320 basis points due primarily to leverage from adjusted fixed operating expenses and marketing expenses. EPS of $41.55 per share was up 30% and benefited from a 5% lower average share count than the fourth quarter of 2023. On a GAAP basis, net income was $1.1 billion in the fourth quarter and was impacted by a mark-to-market adjustment to the conversion option premium of our convertible note due May 2025. This was mostly offset by FX remeasurement gains on our euro bonds. Both items were excluded from our adjusted results. When looking at the full year, we are pleased to report that our 2024 room nights grew 9% year-over-year. On a regional basis, we saw full year room night growth from Europe up high single digits, Asia was up mid-teens, Rest of World was up high single digits, and the US was up mid-single digits. European bookers represented about half of the room nights booked in 2024. Asian bookers were about a quarter and US bookers were a low double digits percentage. The growth in room nights helped drive increases in gross bookings, revenue and adjusted EPS that were above our long term annual growth ambition. Our full year gross bookings and revenue increased 10% and 11%, respectively, and both growth rates were about 1 percentage point higher on a constant currency basis. Revenue as a percentage of gross bookings was 14.3% in 2024, which was up slightly versus 14.2% in 2023 due to a positive impact from increased revenues associated with payments, mostly offset by an increased mix of flights. Our underlying accommodation take rates continue to be stable year-over-year. Marketing as a percentage of gross bookings in 2024 was 4.4%, down slightly from 4.5% in 2023, driven by higher direct mix, lower Brent marketing expenses and higher performance marketing ROIs, partially offset by higher spend in social media, which became a more significant channel for us in 2024. Our full year adjusted fixed operating expenses were up 8% versus 2023, which was better than our expectation for low to mid-teens growth at the start of 2024 and was a source of leverage due to many management actions taken throughout the year. Our full year adjusted EBITDA was more than $8 billion, which was up 17% year-over-year and up about 18% on a constant currency basis. We're proud to have generated $1.2 billion more adjusted EBITDA than in 2023, delivering profitable growth and expanding margins while investing in strategic initiatives. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 35%, which was 170 basis points higher than our adjusted EBITDA margin in 2023 and ahead of our expectations at the start of the year. Our adjusted EBITDA margins, along with every other profit metric that we report, includes the impact of stock based compensation expense as this is a very real cost of doing business. Our full year adjusted EPS was over $187 per share, which was up 23% year-over-year and up about 24% on a constant currency basis. Our full year average share count was 7% lower than in 2023 due to the impact of our share repurchase program. Now on to our cash and liquidity position. Our fourth quarter ending cash and investments balance of $16.7 billion was up versus our third quarter ending balance of $16.3 billion due to about $1.9 billion of debt raised in November and about $650 million in free cash flow generated in the quarter, partially offset by about $1.4 billion of capital return, including share repurchases and dividends. Free cash flow in the fourth quarter was pressured by about $825 million from changes in working capital, driven primarily by the seasonal reduction in our deferred merchant bookings balance. For the full year, we repurchased about $6 billion of stock and paid out $1.2 billion in quarterly cash dividends. Since restarting our repurchase program in early 2022, we have repurchased almost $23 billion of stock or 21% of our shares standing at the start of 2022. We ended 2024 with about $7.7 billion remaining under our existing share repurchase authorization. As we look ahead, we remain focused on strategically investing in our business and returning capital to shareholders while maintaining our strong investment grade credit ratings. We are pleased to announce today that our Board of Directors approved a new $20 billion share repurchase authorization, along with a 10% increase to our quarterly cash dividend per share. These actions reflect our confidence in our earnings power, strong free cash flow generation and our ability to consistently return capital to shareholders through both share repurchases and dividends. Moving to our thoughts for the first quarter. We expect the comparison to the extra day in February 2024 to be about 1 percentage point headwind to our first quarter growth rates. Also, we expect a calendar shift of Easter from March in 2024 to April in 2025 to be a small tailwind to room nights and growth bookings growth and a larger headwind to revenue and profitability growth in the first quarter. We expect first quarter room night growth to be between 5% and 7%, which includes a slight benefit from the calendar shift of Easter into April. We expect first quarter gross bookings to increase between 5% and 7%, which includes about 4 percentage points of impact from changes in FX, offset by about 2 percentage points of positive impact from higher flight ticket growth, about 1% higher constant currency accommodation ADRs and a slight benefit from the calendar shift of Easter. We expect first quarter revenue growth to be between 2% and 4%, which includes a headwind of about 3 percentage points from changes in FX and about 3 percentage points from the calendar shift of Easter into April. We expect first quarter adjusted EBITDA to be between about $800 million and $850 million, down 5% year-over-year at the high end, which includes about 14 percentage points of year-over-year impact from the Easter shift and about 2 percentage points of impact from changes in FX. Note that historically, the first quarter is our seasonally lowest EBITDA quarter for the year. Normalizing for the impacts of Easter timing, changes in FX and the leap year, our expectation for our fourth quarter gross bookings, revenue and adjusted EBITDA is for low double digits growth at the high end of each of those ranges. Turning to the full year 2025. We're targeting full year constant currency growth rates that would reach our long term growth ambition of at least 8% growth for gross bookings and revenue and 15% growth for adjusted earnings per share. We believe we are well positioned to achieve these levels of growth, given the investments we have made to build a stronger foundation for our business and a better product offering for our travelers and partners. At recent FX rates, we expect changes in FX will impact our reported growth rates by about 3 percentage points for gross bookings and revenue and by about 3.5 percentage points for adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS. As a result, we expect full year reported gross bookings and revenue to increase mid-single digits and on a constant currency basis to both increase high single digits. We expect to drive leverage in our marketing expenses. Additionally, we expect revenue to grow faster than adjusted fixed operating expenses in line with our prior commitment for 2025, which we communicated at the start of last year. As a result, we expect adjusted EBITDA to grow a couple of percentage points faster than revenue and on a constant currency basis to increase low double digits. We expect to continue to expand our adjusted EBITDA margins in 2025 and deliver margin growth slightly below 100 basis points. We expect our full year adjusted EPS to grow low double digits and on a constant currency basis to grow mid-teens. Finally, we remain focused on managing our capital expenditures and we expect that CapEx will be about 2% of revenue similar to 2024. Turning to our new transformation program, which we announced in November. Our intention is to implement certain organizational changes to reduce complexity and increase agility, which we estimate will ultimately produce annual run rate cost reductions of approximately $400 million to $450 million versus our 2024 expense base and we expect the majority of these savings to be realized after 2025. By the end of 2024, we have already actioned over $35 million in run rate savings. We estimate the aggregate transformation cost that we will incur over the coming two to three years to be similar to the expected annual run rate savings. In order to provide transparency, we will report these costs separately in a transformation cost expense line and we expect that certain of these costs will be excluded from our adjusted results. Embedded in our full year 2025 guidance is about $150 million in cost savings related to the transformation program, the majority of which we expect to be in variable cost. Beyond the transformation program, we expect to drive additional efficiencies in our ongoing operations. With the capacity created by these savings and efficiencies, we are reinvesting about $170 million above our baseline investments in 2025 to support our strategic priorities for long term value creation while still expanding our adjusted EBITDA margins for the year. These investments will be in areas, such as progressing our GenAI capabilities, advancing our connected trip vision and expanding our fintech offering. We see the potential for these investments to contribute incremental revenue growth in future years and deliver attractive returns. In conclusion, we are pleased with our fourth quarter results and our outlook for the first quarter and the full year of 2025. We're excited about our long term vision for the connected trip and enhancing our offering through technological advancements such as generative AI. Thank you to all of my colleagues across the company for their amazing work and dedication to drive new product offerings, tech innovation, speed and agility and deliver value to our shareholders, travelers and partners. With that, we will now take your questions. Operator, will you please open the lines?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question is from the line of Lee Horowitz with Deutsche Bank.
Lee Horowitz: Maybe starting with Glenn, and thanks for the details on all the products you guys have rolling out there. But I guess, how do you contextualize the risks associated with perhaps greater competition from agentic platforms? We have massive pockets of investment aimed at building functional AI agents that could circumvent listings on booking and go direct to hotels. Any more thoughts there would be helpful. And then one follow-up, if I could.
Glenn Fogel: I'm not surprised by it. I've been here now, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, I've been here almost 25 years. And it's been a rare time that somebody hasn't brought to me to the fact that we were going to be disintermediated if someone else is going to take away our business. And at first, it was the hotels. We're going to build our web sites and we will go direct there. And then it was Google that was going to get rid of us, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So it does not surprise me that new technology comes out and people are asking an appropriate question. How is that going to impact your business? And are you still going to be able to achieve what you've been able to achieve for quarter of a century? And I would say one of the great things about this company is our ability to evolve, adapt, use all of our resources, our technological knowledge, the tremendous ability of our people, our capital, in terms of agenic AI, one of the important things is data. It's something that I think about a lot as to many, many people in the management team of how can we change so we make sure that we are the winner of these new technologies. One of the things we mentioned about was coming up with a travel vertical specific agent, having a model that domain specific, there a lot of different ties we're working on. I'm not going to spell out all of the playbook and how we will make sure that we maintain this leading the industry. But I recognize the question and I say that we will be able to do it, not only by ourselves but we also, as I mentioned, and we've talked about this in the past, that we're working with all of the major players in the Valley and elsewhere, that we are working together to do things that would be better as togetherness instead of trying to do separately. And I believe that past is a good example of being able to adapt and continue to go forward and create something that is even better than it was from the past. I'm incredibly excited about this new world of AI -- generative AI, agentic AI models. All of these things are incredible opportunities for someone like us that has the ability to actually turn it into something that is better than it was before. So I hear you Lee, I hear that question. It's not new but I believe we will be a winner in this. Ewout?
Ewout Steenbergen: Let me build on the answer that Glenn gave with one other perspective. As we all know, these developers of large language models are spending an incredible amount of capital expenditures, and they have choices. One choice could be, are they trying to figure out the complexity of travel themselves or what is probably more likely is partnering with us as they are already doing today because we are able to give them very clear monetization opportunities, which, of course, is going to be very important in order to prove that there will be very sound returns on these very large CapEx numbers. So really, the economic argument on top of all the arguments that Glenn has mentioned is very important from our perspective as well.
Lee Horowitz: And maybe just a follow-up on alternative accommodations. I guess it's fairly clear you guys are a share gainers point. I wonder if you could maybe unpack a bit more on a regional basis where are you seeing the biggest contributions to your sort of consistent teens growth rate in our alternative accommodations business in '24 or regions do you perhaps expect to invest most behind in '25? And what do you think is resonating so strongly with the consumer that allows you guys to really outpace the competitors at this point?
Ewout Steenbergen: Lee, I think a brief answer to your question, the first part is we see higher growth in alternative accommodations in all the regions in the world compared to the traditional accommodations. And the second part of your question is why are we growing so fast? I think that has to do with the total proposition that we offer, really great supply, expansion of the proposition in terms of accommodations that we can offer to travelers. And most importantly, that we have traditional accommodations and alternative accommodations together on the platform and travelers can compare and ultimately pick the best option in their particular situation. And what we're hearing back is that its absolutely something that travelers like that we have that all combined on our platform. So those are a couple of the reasons why we are growing faster, really the quality of our platform and our product.
Glenn Fogel: That's a good opportunity to do a shout out to the team who has done such wonderful work for so long now. I mean, to 14 out of the last 15 quarters to be the leader in the space and it's not because we're small. I mean our homes area in terms of a room night number and you compare it to the leader we're more than two thirds, potentially a lot more than two thirds, you don't really know because the number one puts their experiences and their room nights together. So -- but it's at least two thirds. So it's not like we're tiny. So it's really just wonderful. The incredible ability of us to come from but was something that a lot of people didn't think we'd be able to do and achieve something that is now a competitive product.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mark Mahaney with Evercore ISI.
Mark Mahaney: I'd like to ask about airlines and then operator. On the airline that growth you had, you talked about it a little bit on the call, but that's the I think the fastest growth you've had in, I don't know, a year and half or something like that. So maybe just talk about the growth going forward, like how much higher you think the attach rate could be or how many more markets is the -- do you still have the airline offering to roll out in? Like just give us a sense of what inning we are in terms of the growth of airline as a product in the booking portfolio? And then could you talk a little bit about the operator experience you have, anything you'd disclose on the economics, how did that partnership come together and what do you expect to get out of that going forward?
Glenn Fogel: Yes, very excited about those slight numbers. I think 52% growth and it was an acceleration from the previous quarter at 39%. I look back, it was even an acceleration from the quarter before. So I think it's really nice to see that trend. I do not think anybody should be projecting in a linear way, that's just going to continue to increase and accelerate, accelerate, accelerate that obviously is not going to happen. But I do believe that we will continue to maintain a strong growth in our flight business and it's not just by adding more markets. I don't think there's a lot to be done in that are, it's going to do a lot. What it is, is providing a better service to the traveler, so the traveler wants to use us versus all the other ways they can do a flight and that includes bringing it together part of our connected trip, given all the other types of value that we can provide. And it's not just giving them a hotel, it's not just giving them perhaps a discount in terms of a ground transportation in the airport or insurance or to actually -- it's creating something that really is different, something that provides value that the traveler has always wanted and that is that travel agent in your pocket and that travel agent in your pocket lives in the phone. And the idea is that this connected trip which many people when they start their travel planning starts with a flight. So we want to get them in. But once they're in, give them a lot more value. And then, of course, they're telling other people that this is something new and actually a much better way to do it. That's the idea and that's how we maintain a strong growth rate in all of our verticals, not just flights and that's what we're going to do. Now in terms of operator, very, very early. I don't think we're going to disclose any economics, and I'll be perfectly honest with you as you may not be surprised. I don't think there'll be much to talk about in that area right now. This is an area, though, that has just started and just learning how it works. What is the purpose of it? It's working with a very respected partner who knows a lot about AI. We know a lot about the travel industry. How can we do things together that'd be mutually beneficial to both of us, and we'll learn. Look, you go way back and again, going back in the past, I look at our site from 1999 and 2000. My God, it was horrible. It's amazing anybody bought anything back then. And now this thing, too, it's not the easiest I've used it. It's a little quanky but it will get better and we'll improve and build upon it. Got to start somewhere but we already started.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley.
Brian Nowak: Glenn, I have one for -- on gen tech for you. Just want to ask a question. So when you think about partnering with some of these other players like operator or maybe Gemini or any of the emerging potential next generation travel players, you give them access to your differentiated supply. How do you sort of think about managing the long term risk that a larger percentage of people and travelers could start using those products the next three, five, 10 years as opposed to going direct to you and it potentially has a negative impact on your overall mix between paid and direct traffic?
Glenn Fogel: Well, that is obviously something that people think about when you're putting together an agreement of any type with anyone in terms of what you're going to maintain proprietary to yourself, what you're going to be able to share with someone else to use, how the economic powers between the parties is going to work, lots of things to still work out that is something that's going to be a negotiation with a lot of the different parties involved in this and we'll see how it plays out. I will say the obvious that we are aware of the issues that you bring up. I do believe there are going to be different ways to come together so that different parties in this new world of agentic AI in that ecosystem, there'll be ways for a lot of players to do well. And I'm just pleased to be in the position with all the data we have, with the resource we have, the people we have, the worldwide network of consumers who trust us, which is also a very big deal. People when they're putting together travel for a lot of people, it's a lot of money to them and they don't do it often enough that they're just willing to just throw it at anybody, they want to do it with somebody they trust. So we have the advantage of having a brand that is trusted. All those things together help us in terms of discussions with other players who have other expertise to bring. And I am positive that we are in a very, very good position for this going forward. And Ewout, you may have some more.
Ewout Steenbergen: And Brian, one other perspective to think of is the following. So with multiple agents that are going to be developed, and we will see many, many agents by developers over time, horizontal agents, vertical agents, very task specific agents. For us, that actually, from an economics perspective, will create an advantage because think about the cost of acquisition. If there are many parties and many providers working together with them will give us some advantage in terms of cost of acquisition that will come down from where we are today. So actually, with all the partnerships that we're building, all the relationships plus our own travel specific vertical agent that we are developing over time, we believe that actually this could help us very much from an overall economic perspective for the company.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Kevin Kopelman with TD Cowen.
Kevin Kopelman: Could you give us your updated thoughts on your interest or lack of interest in larger M&A deals given recent activity in the space?
Glenn Fogel: Well, as you know, we don't discuss about M&A, except when we have a transaction to discuss then we'll just keep it the way. I said every single of the conference calls, this is the same one, same answers, we don't comment on M&A.
Kevin Kopelman: Can I ask about ad costs, you mentioned that you're expecting leverage this year. Could you give us more color there on the trends you're seeing? Is it safe to assume that direct traffic you expect to continue to go up? And if you could touch on what you're doing with your brand spend, you mentioned it was down and also merchandising?
Ewout Steenbergen: So we expect marketing leverage to continue for the full year 2025, driven by the same trends that you have seen in the more recent past. More direct traffic is clearly a benefit overall. Higher performance marketing ROIs that we are able to achieve based on all the optimization algorithms that we are running and where the company has built so much expertise over time. And then I would very much like to call out also how excited we are about the development of social media channels. This is a big area of investment for us. We have invested a lot of our technology in this space and expertise working together with some of the large social media channels, particularly Meta where we have built a very close relationship. I don't want to say too much about that from a competitive perspective. But this is very much a bespoke model where both teams from both companies have built very effective way how we can monetize their leads and our leads, because this is really based on both remarketing and prospecting that come from both sides, as well as very personalized creative content in terms of feed. So incremental ROIs that we can measure with respect to social media channels is something that is new but we have been able to find out, figure out how to do that. So therefore, we are very confident that this is not ultimately a traveler that would have booked anyhow with us but it's really an incremental traveler that comes to us. And therefore, we're spending much more at attractive incremental ROI. So the combination of all of that means that we are very positive and enthusiastic about the outlook with respect to continued marketing leverage for the company.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Stephen Ju with UBS.
Stephen Ju: So Glenn, I wanted to dig in a little bit more on your thoughts on AI. I think I heard in your prepared remarks about products that can help drive more revenue. And on the other side, other products that can help in cost avoidance. So as we talk to other companies, it seems like the cost avoidance part seems easier to deliver and things that might help revenue may take some more efforts. So where do you see yourself positioned in terms of when we can start seeing, I guess, noticeable impact to either the top or bottom line?
Glenn Fogel: That's a very good question, and I'm going to talk a little bit. I'm going to let Ewout what he wants to disclose there what we're already seeing in terms of some of the benefits. But let's start with the cost avoidance part. Last call, we talked a little bit about what we were seeing in benefits in customer service, clearly an area where there's great opportunity for anybody who has a large customer service operation to achieve significant savings, even something as simple as a CS agent that has to do a summarization at the end of the call. We're right away you have something that can do it automatically, thereby making the amount of time the agent is spending, not talking to a customer but summarizing goes away. Simple example but there's so many about that. And then think not just in terms of the cost there but this is an important one is there are a few things that are as frustrating is having to wait on hold to get in touch with a customer service agent. The wonderful thing as we develop AI capabilities and customer service is we won't be waiting for somebody to answer the phone. The agent will be answering the phone. In fact, one of the things that we mentioned in the call it's not a big thing for our income statement. I like saying it is an open table and the interactions they're doing with sales agent -- sales force in their agent wear and coming up with some things that are very helpful in that area. So that's just one area. Of course, you have the coding efficiencies that everybody talks about. You get hopefully some significant benefits down the road as our developers are able to do a lot more work in the same amount of time, and they're all different areas. So I'm not sure what Ewout is going to want to talk in terms of numbers for that but I'll let him say how much he want to disclose or not. On the revenue side, yes, it is going to be a little slower and showing up in terms of increases but it's great to see what we're already doing. And again, it's the benefit of having the knowledge, the expertise and the resources to do this. I mean one of the things when you're not involved in the industry is you're not as knowledgeable about the complexity of travel. It's not just simply a press a button and you get a booking. I mean, even things as simple as the regulatory world that you have to deal with to make sure if you're using AI, it's not like the travel rules you have to worry about, you kind of worry about the legal things with AI. For example, in Europe, there's the EU AI act. So you've got to make sure anything you're building is going to fit that. And then there's obviously is the context, awareness and kind of knowledge of travel. The great thing is having the incredible amount of data we have really understanding what works, what doesn't work and being able to put that into a database that can then be used by a generative AI model that's an advantage. I go on and on I won't use it all the time. But I just say yes, it's going to be a little slower perhaps than the cost savings but that revenue opportunity is huge. And Ewout, I don't know what you want to disclose.
Ewout Steenbergen: Stephen, I would like actually more to point out actual numbers then to speak about some percentage of savings that sometimes is being mentioned. But then, of course, the question is where does it actually show up in the results. So let me first point you to our sales and other expenses for the fourth quarter. What you see here is that those were flat as a percentage of gross bookings around 2% of gross bookings compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. And beneath what is happening there is with the growth of our deferred -- of our merchant bookings, we had higher payment related expenses but that is offset by efficiencies in our customer service. So the fact that we have basically flat S&O expenses as a percentage of gross bookings despite the growing merchant business is a clear point in our results that has already seen the advantage of generative AI in terms of actual efficiencies. The other example that I can give is that in terms of the transformation program savings in year 2025 of $150 million, a meaningful part of that is already coming from efficiencies that we will be able to achieve with regenerative AI in multiple parts of the company. So it is already clearly showing up in our numbers in the fourth quarter as well as the savings target that we have for 2025.
Operator: Our final question today will come from the line of Justin Post with Bank of America.
Justin Post: Glenn, I'd like to comment a little bit more on the merchant mix shift. Obviously way faster growth for merchant bookings. Can you talk a little bit about how that might translate to higher margins or better loyalty, better repeat rates? And just how that's kind of transforming your business over time? And then I'd love to ask about room nights. Obviously, some decel in Q1 but you seem very confident on the year. So were some of those nights borrowed in Q4? And then maybe talk about summer booking pacings, if you can.
Glenn Fogel: I'll take the first, and then I'll let Ewout take the second. On the first one, when we first started the merchant program Booking.com, there's lot of questions of why are we getting out of an agency model that seems so simple, so clean and why you're doing that. And one of the key things, right, from the get go was to achieve the connected trip vision, you need to have that foundational platform in payments, very, very important. We have that now and obviously it's the numbers you just mentioned, they continue to increase in terms of the share of the total amount of our bookings. That's very important in terms of being able to give benefits to our customers. It's also very important for giving them the way they want to pay, some of them want to pay in one way, some want to pay it another way. A lot of people who aren't international don't understand that a lot of people don't use Visa. They don't use Mastercard. They had their own way to pay. And the traveler on the other side -- the supplier on the other side doesn't really want to take the payment the way the traveler wants to give it. So for example, the easy example is out of China, somebody is using Alipay, the small hotel in France doesn't take Alipay. Fortunately, we, as that person in the middle, with that merchant pay we can do that. So it makes us a win-win for everybody, and it could be less expensive given the FX charges, the interchange charges, et cetera, there's money to be made for all of us. It's cheaper for the traveler, it's cheaper for the supplier and we can make money in the middle. That's one example. But then you come up with new products, new things that we talked about. And Ewout mentioned the pay your own currency type thing, there are a lot of different things. Here's the thing. So we said we did $166 billion of total transaction value in 2024. Now not all of that was done on payment, so it was agency, but it's continued to grow up as our total volume continues to increase. The question is, what percentage of that, how many basis points, what should we be able to get out of that as profit? And I'll let everybody else make their own guesses and estimates on that. But there's a lot of way, there's a lot of way to make some very good returns, at the same time, providing better services to both sides of the marketplace. And Ewout, you can forward on his room nights question.
Ewout Steenbergen: Justin, let me first zoom out a little bit for our guidance with respect to the first quarter and then I will give you a more specific answer with respect to room night. So first, let me point out for the first quarter, normalized and that means normalized for the impacts of Easter, FX and leap year, we are having guidance that shows low double digit growth with respect to gross bookings, revenue and EBITDA, low double digits growth. So specifically on room nights, there's a few elements why it's 5% to 7%. Looking first back to the fourth quarter of 2024. The comps were a little bit easier in the fourth quarter, particularly due to the effect of the October 7th attacks in 2023. So that drove a little bit of the higher growth and also the expansion of the booking window. And then we have, for the first quarter of this year, a little bit of headwind from the impact of the leap year compared to a year ago. So those are couple of specific elements why we are guiding to 5% to 7%. But as I said, normalized, we think it's going to be a really good quarter. And again, for the full year guidance, what you see is on a constant currency basis, we're hitting our long term algorithm for the company. So coming out of a, I think, fantastic quarter for the company with a lot of momentum, we're very encouraged about the outlook for the year and we see a lot of underlying healthy trends for the company.
Operator: I will now hand today's call back to...
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. So I just want to say I thank our partners, our customers, our dedicated employees and our stockholders, we are truly grateful for everyone's support as we work towards realizing our company's long term vision. Thank you very much, and good night.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-30 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Booking Holdings Third Quarter 2024 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guaranteed of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from these expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical facts are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of Booking Holdings earnings press release as well as Booking Holdings' most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings' earnings press release together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings website, www.bookingholdings.com And now I'd like to introduce Booking Holdings speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and Ewout Steenbergen. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you, and welcome to Booking Holdings third quarter conference call. I'm joined this afternoon by our CFO, Ewout Steenbergenn. I am pleased to report an improvement in topline trends in the third quarter, particularly in Europe that resulted in room nights, gross bookings and revenue all exceeding the high-end of our prior expectations. The revenue outperformance combined with disciplined marketing spend and lower-than-expected fixed OpEx growth helped drive adjusted EBITDA that was 9% above the high-end of our prior guidance range. We continue to be encouraged by the strength of our underlying business, the health of the travel industry and the attractiveness of our products. In the third quarter, our travelers booked just under 300 million room nights across our platforms, an increase of 8% year-over-year. Revenue of $8 billion grew 9% year-over-year and adjusted EBITDA of $3.7 billion increased 12% year-over-year. Finally, adjusted earnings per share grew 16% year-over-year, helped by our strong capital return program, which reduced our average share count by 6% year-over-year. From a regional perspective, we observed an improvement in our room night growth in Europe in the third quarter, which was the primary driver of the sequential increase in our global room night growth. In Asia, we continue to perform well with another quarter of double-digit growth and we remain optimistic in our outlook for this region, which I'll discuss in more detail later on the call. In the U.S., we see relatively stable levels of growth in our business so far this year, which we think continues to outpace the broader U.S. accommodation industry. As we look ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect to continue to see healthy levels of room night growth as demand for travel remains resilient. Ewout will provide further details on our third quarter results and our thoughts about the fourth quarter. I remain confident in the attractive growth profile of the travel industry, our competitive position and our long-term growth and earnings model. We continue to see progress across several important initiatives, which include growing alternative accommodations, advancing our connected trip vision, continuing to develop our AI capabilities and continuing our progress in Asia. These initiatives contribute to our ongoing effort to deliver a better planning, booking and travel experience for our travelers, while also benefiting our supplier partners. We remain focused on being a trusted and valuable partner to all of the accommodation properties on our platforms by delivering incremental travel demand and developing products and features to help support these businesses, the majority of which are small independents. For alternative combination of booking.com, we continue to see more properties connect to our platform with listings at the end of Q3 reaching $7.9 million, up about 10% from last year. The growing number of listings provide more combination choices for our travelers, which we believe contributed to strong alternative accommodations room night growth of 14% in Q3. We believe that we have a differentiated offering, because we make all property types, hotels and alternative accommodations available on our booking.com platform. We see benefits to this approach. For example, our data shows that a portion of our bookers landing on our platform with an interest in a hotel will instead end up booking an alternative accommodation and vice-versa. We believe that this shows, in many cases, travelers are open to comparing hotel and alternative accommodation options when determining the best place to stay for their trip. Our objective is to make sure we continue to provide great choices for our travelers across all property types. On the connected trip, we continue to take steps towards our long-term vision to make the planning, booking and travel experience easier, more personal and more enjoyable while delivering better value to our travelers and supplier partners. We believe the connected trip is strengthened by our growing merchant capabilities, which help bring the different elements of travel together in a more seamless booking experience. In addition, our Genius loyalty program at booking.com has been expanding outside of accommodations and into our other travel verticals, which helps to deliver more value to our travelers as they book more components of their trips with us and to our partners as they receive incremental bookings. We continue to see growth in Connected Trip transactions, which means a trip that includes booking more than one travel vertical. These connected transactions increased by over 40% year-over-year in the third quarter and represented a high single-digit percentage of booking.com's total transactions. We believe by making it easier to plan and book multiple elements of a trip on our platform, we are providing a better overall booking experience for our travelers and we have seen in past experiments that customers who choose to book a connected trip book more frequently with us and have a higher likelihood of booking directly with us in the future. Turning to flights. They're an important component for many of the connected trips that our travelers are booking. In the third quarter, air tickets booked on our platforms increased 39% year-over-year, which was an acceleration from Q2 growth of 28% and was driven primarily by the growth of booking.com flight offering, but we also benefited from strong growth in our flight business. We continue to see a healthy number of new customers coming to booking.com through the flight vertical and are encouraged by the number of these customers and returning customers that also see the value of the other services we offer on our platform. To achieve the easier and more personalized experience of the Connected Trip, we've always intended for AI technology to be at the center of this vision. At each of our brands, our teams of AI experts continue to draw on their valuable experience as they incorporate AI technology into our platforms. We believe that our proprietary data, along with our resources and scale, position us well to build compelling and personalized AI-powered offerings for our travelers and partners. This technology will also enable us to drive further efficiency in our own operations. We have significant activity in this area across the company, and I'll briefly discuss just a few of the encouraging efforts that are underway across our brands. Last summer, Booking.com launched its AI trip planner. And since the launch, Booking.com has gained valuable insights from its millions of interactions with bookers, as well as from the use of the Gen AI technology alongside our existing machine-learning models. The learnings from the AI trip planner are leading to new applications of Gen AI technology, including a recent launch of our smart filter, which makes over 200 potential search filters findable through a free text interface. These innovations also extend to the partner-facing side of the business at Booking.com. Gen AI is being leveraged to help properties write responses to traveler queries, and this tool has led to an increase in response rates to traveler messengers. This improves the experience for our travelers and partners. Booking.com is also testing a Gen AI-powered partner Chatbot to help with questions during the onboarding process and accelerate sign-ups, starting with a focus on alternative accommodation properties. Booking.com is also working to incorporate Gen AI into its customer service function to drive increased efficiency and a better experience for travelers. Initial testing shows meaningful improvements in topic detection in Booking.com's customer help center as well as customer service agent case summarization. Booking.com is still early in this journey and sees meaningful opportunities in improving customer service and driving greater efficiency by leveraging AI in the future. At Priceline, travelers have now had over 3 million interactions with its generative AI travel assistant called Penny. This was launched last summer. While Penny was originally positioned at the end of the funnel on the checkout page, it's now available across the full booking experience and can address many types of traveler questions, including destination discovery, hotel search and trip support. In October, Priceline launched Penny Voice, which enables Penny to engage in verbal conversations with travelers and to assist them with planning trips, searching for hotels and servicing bookings. As Priceline continues to enhance this offering, we envision that Penny will be able to anticipate needs based on preferences and past interaction, and then respond in a real-time voice. While there has been great progress in the development of Penny over the last year, Priceline is focused on further enhancing Penny over time by leveraging their valuable learnings so far. In Agoda, over 120 use cases for GenAI have been implemented across customer service, software development, content generation, product, finance and HR. Agoda is highly focused on leveraging Gen AI to automate product development using both externally and internally developed tools. This is leading to an increase in the share of code written by AI as well as measurable improvements in productivity per developer and development time. In March, Kayak launched its Ask Kayak travel Planning tool, which improves and personalizes the search experience by allowing travelers to use free-form text entries to search and refine the results. At the same time, Kayak, also launched PriceCheck, a price comparison tool that allows travelers to upload a screenshot of a flight intinerary, which Kayak can then check against many different sites in order to determine if there is a better price available for the traveler. At OpenTable, an AI voice bot has been recently integrated into its offering to help participating restaurants answer their phones. Diners can call these restaurants and perform tasks like making a reservation, altering their reservation, asking questions and noting dietary restrictions, which are then automatically updated into OpenTable software. OpenTable has also partnered with Salesforce Agent Force platform. This helps its customer service agents better serve its restaurants and diners. This platform is now handling restaurant web queries, which is helping agents focus on delivering great service in more complex situations. It's exciting to see the work happening across our company to integrate Gen AI into our platforms and the knowledge hearing that is ongoing between all of our brands. We know we are still in the very early days of Gen AI and we have much more to learn about consumers, how they ultimately want to interact with this new technology, but I remain confident in our company's ability to benefit from AI development and to improve our products for our customers given our many years of experience in AI, our travel-related data, connections to our supply partners and our human and financial capital. Over time, as we further incorporate this technology, we expect to see benefits in traveler and partner acquisition, retention and satisfaction. In addition, we expect it to improve operational efficiency, which will contribute to a deceleration of our fixed expense growth in the future. Finally, as I mentioned at the start of the call, we continue to be optimistic about our long-term outlook for Asia. We see Asia as strategically important due to its size, growth potential and our positioning in the region. We estimate that the travel industry growth in Asia will be in the high single-digits over the next five years, which is the highest market growth rate of our major regions. Our ambition is to continue to grow faster than the overall travel industry in Asia as we have done through the pandemic recovery. Over the last 12 months, about 24% of our global room nights were booked by bookers in the Asia region, which is a slightly higher mix than it was prior to the pandemic. Our business in Asia is diversified across the countries in the region with no single country representing more than a low single-digit percentage of our global room nights. The success we have seen in Asia and our solid positioning in the region has been driven by operating two complementary brands, Agoda and Booking.com. Our approach is to utilize both of these brands across the region with an eye on profitable growth for Booking Holdings over the long run. In conclusion, I'm encouraged by our strong third quarter results and the continued resilience of leisure travel demand. Our teams continue to execute well against our key strategic priorities, which helps position our business well for the long term. We remain confident in the long-term growth of travel and in the many opportunities ahead for our company. I will now turn the call over to our CFO, Ewout Steenbergen.
Ewout Steenbergen: Thank you, Glenn, and good afternoon. I will now review our results for the third quarter and provide our thoughts for the fourth quarter and the full year. All growth rates are on a year-over-year basis. Information regarding reconciliation of non-GAAP results to GAAP results can be found in our earnings release. We will be posting a summary earnings presentation as well as our prepared remarks to the Booking Holdings Investor Relations website after the conclusion of the earnings call. Now let's move to our third quarter results. Our room nights in the third quarter grew 8%, which exceeded the high end of our guidance by 3 percentage points. The stronger-than-expected room night growth was driven by an improvement in trends in Europe starting in August and benefited from the booking window expanding year-over-year in the third quarter versus our expectation for it to be more similar to 2023. Looking at our room night growth by region in the third quarter, Europe was up high single-digits, Asia was up low double-digits, rest of higher world was up mid-single-digits and the US was up low-single digits. As Glenn noted, we continue to make progress against our strategic priorities, including growing alternative accommodations, increasing the mix of our bookings to the direct channel and our mobile apps, enhancing our Genius offering and driving growth in our other travel verticals as part of our Connected Trip fishing. For our alternative accommodations at Booking.com, our third quarter room night growth was 14%, which continued to outpace the overall business. The global mix of alternative accommodation room nights at Booking.com was 35%, which was up 2 percentage points from the third quarter of 2023. We continue to strengthen our direct relationships with our travelers and increase loyalty on our platforms. Over the last four quarters, the mix of our total room nights coming to us through the direct channel was in the mid 50 % range. And when we exclude our B2B business was in the low 60% range. We've seen both of these mixes continue to increase year-over-year. Mobile app mix of our total third quarter room nights was in the mid 50% range, which was up from the low 50% range in 2023. We continue to see that a significant majority of bookings received from our mobile apps come through the direct channel. For our Genius loyalty program, the mix of Booking.com room nights booked by travelers in the higher genius stairs of levels two and three was in the mid-50% range over the last four quarters and this mix continued to increase year-over-year. In our other travel verticals, we saw airline tickets booked on our platforms in the third quarter increased 39%, driven by the continued growth of flight offerings by Booking.com and Agoda. We also saw rental car days booked on our platforms increased 16% in the third quarter, driven by strong growth at Booking.com. The growth rates for airline tickets and rental car days were both better than our expectation and both accelerated from the second quarter. Third quarter gross bookings increased 9%, which was approximately one percentage point higher than the 8% room night growth due to about two percentage points from higher flight bookings growth, partially offset by a decrease in constant currency accommodation ADRs of less than 1%. The year-over-year ADR decline was negatively impacted by a higher mix of the room nights from Asia. Excluding regional mix, constant currency ADRs were up less than 1% versus 2023. The increase in gross bookings exceeded the high end of our guidance by five percentage points due to stronger room night growth plus less pressure from changes in FX and stronger flight ticket growth. Third quarter revenue of $8 billion grew 9% year-over-year, which also exceeded the high-end of our guidance by five percentage points. Revenue as a percentage of gross bookings was in line with our expectations at 18.4% and was also in line with the prior year as increased revenues associated with payments were offset by a higher mix of flight bookings. The increased revenues from payments were driven by an increase in our merchant mix, which reached 65% of our total gross bookings, up from 56% in the third quarter of 2023. Marketing expense, which is a highly variable expense line, increased 6% year-over-year. Marketing expense as a percentage of gross bookings was 5.0%, about 15 basis points lower than the third quarter of 2023 due to a higher direct mix and higher-performance marketing ROIs, partially offset by increased spend in social media channels. Third quarter sales and other expenses as a percentage of gross bookings was 2.0% in line with last year. Our fixed expenses on an adjusted basis were up 7% year-over-year and were below our expectation due primarily to lower IT expenses, some of which we expect to shift into the fourth quarter, as well as lower G&A expenses. We continue to be very focused on carefully managing the growth of our fixed expenses. We believe it is important to drive greater operating leverage in our fixed expenses as this creates capacity for disciplined investment across our strategic initiatives, which we believe will help drive stronger top line and earnings growth in the future. Adjusted EBITDA of $3.7 billion grew 12% year-over-year and was above our expectation, largely driven by the higher revenue and also by the lower-than-expected fixed expenses. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 45.8% in the third quarter was up versus last year by a bit more than one percentage point due to marketing and fixed expense leverage. Adjusted net income of over $2.8 billion was up 9%. Adjusted EPS of $83.89 per share was up 16% and benefited from a 6% lower average share count than the third quarter of 2023. On a GAAP basis, net income was $2.5 billion in the third quarter and was negatively impacted by a $365 million accrual in G&A expenses related to a potential settlement of certain Italian indirect tax matters, partially offset by a $250 million reduction to our US repatriation tax liability, which lowered income tax expense. Now on to our cash and liquidity position. Our third quarter ending cash and investments balance of $16.3 billion was down versus our second quarter ending balance of $16.8 billion due to about $2 billion of capital return, including share repurchases and dividends and a paydown of about $1.1 billion for debt that matured in September, partially offset by about $2.3 billion in free cash flow generated in the quarter. Moving to our thoughts for the fourth quarter, we expect fourth quarter, room night growth to be between 6% and 8%, continuing our positive trend from the third quarter. We expect fourth quarter gross bookings to grow between 7% and 9%, a point ahead of room night growth due to expected higher flight ticket growth. We expect constant currency accommodation ADRs to be approximately flat year-over-year. We expect fourth quarter revenue growth to be between 7% and 9%. We expect fourth quarter, adjusted EBITDA to be between about $1.6 billion and $1.65 billion, representing growth between 9% and 13%. We expect adjusted EBITDA to grow faster than revenue due primarily to marketing leverage as a result of increasing direct mix. We're increasing our outlook for the full-year, driven primarily by the stronger than expected third quarter, which is our seasonally largest revenue and profit quarter. We expect full-year gross bookings to increase about 8%, an improvement from our prior expectation of faster than 6%. We expect full-year revenue growth of just below 10%, which is better than our prior expectation of faster than 7%. We expect a slightly negative impact from changes in FX on our full-year top-line growth rates, which compares to our prior expectation for about one percentage point of negative impact. We expect fixed OpEx on an adjusted basis to grow around 10%, lower than our prior expectation. We expect adjusted EBITDA to grow between 13% and 14%, which is better than our prior expectation due to the increased revenue growth and lower fixed OpEx growth. We expect adjusted EBITDA margins to expand year-over-year by a bit more than one percentage point. And finally, we expect our full-year adjusted EPS to grow in the high-teens. In conclusion, we are pleased with our third quarter results and our outlook for the fourth quarter, and the full year. Thank you to all my colleagues across the company for their hard work, determination, innovation and teamwork. With that, we'll now take your questions. Operator, will you please open the lines?
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] We'll take the first question today from Justin Post, Bank of America.
Justin Post: Thanks. I guess since you talked a lot about AI in your prepared remarks, maybe you could talk about how you expect that to translate to financials. Do you think AI can bring more direct traffic because of all your tools, better attach rates when people come to your site, maybe lower expenses? Just how we see that translate to financials. And then one on bookings. It looks like, you know, could you talk about some of the factors in Q4 that could affect bookings, either the hurricanes or the you know maybe the Middle East comps, how you're thinking about some of the 4Q factors? Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: Hi, Justin. It's Glenn speaking. I'll take the first question about AI and then I'll let Ewout talk a little bit about your question regarding fourth quarter. So we did give a number of examples about some of the things we're working on at the company on AI because I know there's a lot of curiosity about where are we, what's happening and it is one of the most exciting times I've -- this company ever. And it's something I've talked about before, maybe you've heard me talk in some conferences, et-cetera, that this type of technology is really transformational and it's going to make it so much better for all people in the travel industry, particularly for the traveler. It's also going to enable us to be able to provide a better service to our partners, enabling them to get more incremental, more targeted customers, help their business better. You, of course, you'd like to know how does that translate into dollars and cents. That is difficult at this time. It's still very, very early. We see some of the efficiencies already coming in some places. And we've mentioned and I mentioned in the prepared remarks about some of the numbers in terms of number of people using it, which is actually a relatively small number compared to the total number of interactions we have with customers. Sounds like a big number, 3 million, where that's a big number, but it's small compared to the size of this company. So I know what you'd like to know, but we're not going to project those kind of numbers right now. But what I will say is, it's incredibly important the companies that are successful in AI are going to be the long-term winners because it is going to, as I say, be transformational. I'm very pleased that we've made progress so far and we have some certain advantages. We've got capital. We've got people who have been working with AI now for many, many years. Sure, it wasn't Gen AI. They're working on machine learning model, et cetera, but we've got a lot of people who are very, very skilled in the areas of technology. In addition, having more data, which is so important to be able to combine with other people's large language models, other people's systems and come up with really unique ways to provide a better service. It's something that I'm just so thrilled to see what we're doing, what we're building. And I urge anybody who's curious about this, test out some of the things we have out there. It's out in the market. It's live, it's real. See what you think of it. I've done it a lot myself and sometimes I'm really pleased, sometimes a little disappointed, but I know we're making great progress. And in the future, we'll be able to better quantify for you what you'd like to know. Ewout I'll let you go into fourth quarter.
Ewout Steenbergen: Justin, with respect to the outlook for bookings in the fourth quarter, I think the headline is we're looking at the fourth quarter as a very robust and positive quarter where we see a continuation of the trends we have seen over the last few months. But let me dive a little bit deeper into that. First, the comps get a little easier in the fourth quarter because we are lapping the period last year where we had an impact, particularly with respect to the start of the conflict in the Middle East. The second point is, you are referring to events. Events from our perspective doesn't really impact our results. It might have a really short-term impact, but in the end, it always will average out. So you will never hear us really pointing to events as an impact on our outlook or actual performance. The third is what we have seen so far is continuation of the strength of August and September, also in October. The fourth is, I think it's important to take into consideration that we expect the booking window to be less expanded in the fourth quarter than we have seen in the third quarter. In other words, there might have been some pull forward of bookings that otherwise would have been in the fourth quarter into the third quarter. And the last is, we absolutely also have reflected uncertainties and risks with respect to the global geopolitical environment. We all know there are a lot of things out there that are happening and we also have taken that into consider -- in our consideration with respect to our fourth quarter outlook and guidance.
Justin Post: Great. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: The next question comes from Mark Mahaney, Evercore. Two questions, please.
Mark Mahaney: On the Asia callout, Glenn, was this the first time that Asia, I think as a percentage of your mix was higher than it was pre-COVID? I assume so. That's why you called it out, but anything in particular in the region that you've done? Or is that just the region you know finally recovering back to kind of full outbound travel mode? So you know how much of that sort of success for you was what you did versus just the market there finally recovering? And then AA in the mix, this I think 35% number. The question I have for you is trying to figure out where that mix is you know long term. In markets where you have kind of full sufficient inventory, both traditional and AA, is the usual mix in those markets around that average of 35% or is it materially higher? Therefore, we could expect the overall mix to go up because you still have a lot of regions where you don't have enough AA inventory? Thanks a lot.
Glenn Fogel: Hi, Mark. I'm not sure if you're right actually on that thing about calling out Asia. I think we had some things where Asia has done better, but regardless of that, let's just talk a little bit about how pleased we are with the growth we're seeing in Asia. And yes, we're obviously getting a bit of a benefit because Asia overall as a market is growing fast. There were certain areas of Asia that were a little slower coming out of the pandemic and such. But this is an opportunity for me to really put out a thanks to our Agoda team. That team has been just doing really well in coming up with ways to provide a better service to the Asia customers. It's a little bit different in some parts. Now I say Asia, obviously, Asia is a very big place, a lot of different countries, a lot of different ways people buy what people are looking for. And the Agoda team has done a good job of localization of coming up with ways that the customer in different parts of Asia, the way they want to buy, matching up with different types of payment methods, for example, to be able to -- that the local person who wants to pay in a certain way can use our service and feel comfortable doing that. In addition, making sure we're getting great inventory. Again, can be a little different in Asia than other parts where there's a lot of small independence or different ways to get great pricing, make sure it's showing up on our site. So great team effort by everybody there in Agoda and that's helping great deal of booking, also doing Asia efforts. So overall, we're really, really pleased with what's happening there. Now your second question about alternative accommodations, we are pleased, again, with the growth rate there, 14%, like it, increasing the listings to 7.9 million, 10% increase in list like that one too. You know last time in the call, I said how we had beaten our biggest homes competitor 11 of the last 12 times and we came out of that time ahead of them in terms of the earnings announcement, I didn't know if we're going to beat them again and we did. So I'm wondering this time will we do it again, maybe at 13 quarters out of 14 and it's not a small business. It's a big business because as we mentioned a couple of times, the total amount of room nights for alternative accommodation is running roughly a little bit two-thirds of the biggest homes player in this market. So it's a big business. So it's great to be able to growing at this size and it's great to be doing in sort of the leading in terms of growth. Your question is, at what stage do we end up and feel sort of that sort of the max or so? I don't know because one of the key things to our business is making sure that we just get as much of the inventory that the customer wants on the site and they choose. And I mentioned it in the remarks about how customers come to our site and from what they've chosen to start with, we know what they were thinking of and then they go and they buy something else. So a key thing to our business is making sure we provide whatever the customer wants and not try and steer them. So I don't know what the ultimate share is going to be. I do know though what's important is to continue to work on getting great inventory. And as long as we're talking about it, we're nowhere near in certain regions sort of getting it. It's a lot of ramp left in front of us. US in particular, I keep repeating myself quarter-after-quarter. Sure, we're growing that business nicely in the U.S., but there's so much more to be done. And I was just looking today, literally today because seeing what was available for us in the Hamptons, I'm a New Yorker. I look into the summer, it's like not enough inventory there yet. So some people can say that's a negative. I say that's you know an opportunity for us and I'm really looking forward to continue to build out the business.
Mark Mahaney: Thank you, Glenn.
Operator: And your next question comes from Doug Anmuth with JP Morgan. One moment…
Dae Lee: First one --
Operator: I apologize, just one moment. Okay, go ahead, Doug. I'm sorry.
Dae Lee: Okay. Hey, this is Dae on for Doug. Thanks for taking the questions. I have two. So the first one, could you double-click on what you're seeing in Europe? Last quarter, you talked about mild moderation in growth in Europe, but the region drove outperformance this quarter. So what changed there into end of summer and fall? And do you have any macro views to share around the U.S. as a region?
Ewout Steenbergen: First, with respect to Europe, we have clearly seen first, with respect to Europe, we have clearly seen a reacceleration of growth starting in August. We believe that perhaps in July, there was a bit of impact of some of the events. But again, we always look at that as purely timing and that is averaging out. But then we also believe there is a general underlying improvement what we are seeing in Europe in terms of the general demand for our products and services. It's partially market, but it's partially also our proposition. Of course, as Glen already explained, having such a great platform with so many options, so many verticals where you can purchase in so many different ways. And in Europe, many people use us on the app and it's really very much a mainstream app that people are using if they want to travel very easy. You have your credit card there, easy to book, easy to adjust. So that is definitely in Europe, a big winner and therefore, we have been so much really the standard in Europe with respect to our proposition. I also need to point at the expansion of the booking window that happened in the third quarter. So that definitely also helped with the acceleration of growth at the same time.
Dae Lee: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from Kevin Kopelman, TD Cowen.
Kevin Kopelman: Great. Thanks so much. I had a question on marketing. Could you give us an update on kind of you know what you're seeing? You mentioned higher ROIs in the third quarter. How much of that is underlying improvement in ROIs versus Europe being stronger? And can you update us on how you expect the full year now to look in terms of marketing and merchandising as a percentage of GBP? Thanks.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes, Kevin. Overall, how you should look at marketing and higher ROIs I think this is really where the company has such a specialized expertise, has such great algorithms that are continuously optimizing our incremental spend to make sure that the incremental ROIs are really the highest that are possible and doing that across all the different options we have how to allocate our dollars. So this could be the different forms of performance marketing channels, it could be with respect to merchandising, but it could also be with the social media channels where we are expanding our marketing spend as well. So clearly, the opportunity was there through our continuous optimization to ultimately achieve higher growth with higher ROIs at the same time. With respect to your question on the outlook, merchandising as a percentage of growth bookings, we expect it to be more or less flat compared to last year for each of the quarters of 2024 and for the full year. With respect to marketing, we expect marketing leverage to continue in the fourth quarter as a result of the continued growth of our direct channels.
Kevin Kopelman: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Next up, we'll hear from Eric Sheridan, Goldman Sachs.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks so much for taking the question. I want to come back to the theme on fixed investments. You know, first, looking backwards, you know, maybe highlight some of where you've made investments around fixed costs and what you're most proud of in turning a return profile in those fixed investments that you're seeing an impact on the business today? And not about 2025, but just longer term, how do you think about coming out of that fixed investment cycle and how to think about the return profile or incremental margin that could be produced in the business as fixed investments start to grow slower than revenue over the longer term? Thank you.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes, Eric, I really love that question because it's something I'm extremely personally passionate about. The way we look at this is actually in two different ways. One is where do we see opportunities for efficiencies and achieving operating leverage and then a completely separate decision mechanism around where can we reinvest those dollars in the most optimal way that we will achieve the highest growth potential at attractive business case returns in the future. So let me start with the first part. In terms of operating leverage, we believe there are many opportunities we have as a company because we have been building up skill in the organization and now, we should have an opportunity to run much more volume over the existing scale over the next period. So let me point you to a couple of areas. First, we have tremendously slowed down hiring. So if you look now, our year-over-year headcount is up approximately 3%. If you go back a year ago in the third quarter of 2023, headcount was up 13%. So clearly, we are being more efficient and we are very careful with hiring. We already touched on our AI, artificial intelligence as a clear opportunity to find efficiencies in the future across many different areas. In the interest of time, I will not elaborate on that, but that's a clear opportunity. We're also looking at procurement, real estate, operating model optimizations, looking at spends, layers to really make the organization more agile in many of those areas. And we believe we really have an opportunity to expand on that in the future, But then I think your question is also where are we proud about in terms of investments? Well, if you think about the number of new areas where we're growing as a company, it's super impressive from my perspective. A few years ago, we were not really in flags. Look at the growth we are reporting, 39%, look at all the other verticals. Looking at what we're doing with respect to payments and fintech, looking at what we're doing from a geographical perspective. Glenn was touching on the very impressive growth in Asia, the investments we're making in the U.S. and we believe we are growing still faster than the market in the U.S. and we'll continue to aim to do that in the future as well and many other areas. So we are very much focused on in a very disciplined way, looking at our scarce resources, making sure that we're using that in the most optimal way and in the end, invest in the most attractive growth opportunities for the company over the next period.
Glenn Fogel: And I'll just add, I think what Ewout said really hit a lot of the key things that have made us successful. And looking back, there have been a lot of times that people have questioned what are we investing in and why we're spending the money there, et cetera. And we're now finally beginning to see a little bit of the benefit to this. So there was a point where, as you know, Booking.com was totally an agency business, totally an agency business, no payments at all. Now we talk about our merchant mix is now 65% and we talk about how important it was to have that as a foundational pillar for our connected trip, which is another area where people question, why are you getting out of hotels? Why are you getting into these other verticals? The end of the day is long term success of a company is being able to make change, to make things different as the world changes, you have to change with it. If we just stayed as an agency-only hotel and not had invested in other areas, we will not be where we are today. Now going forward, we can't stop. We continue to do that. So as Ewout said, we've got to be very careful, where are we spending our money. We've got to not put money into things that are not going to be productive and move resources into place that is -- of something is no longer necessary, we just have to have the will to stop that and do something else. So I'm really proud that we've been able to -- I've been here now almost 25 years. It will be 25 years in February. And throughout this, we have changed tremendously, but the one thing that we really concentrate on is making sure we are careful with our shareholders' money.
Eric Sheridan : Thank you.
Operator: And from Deutsche Bank, Lee Horowitz has the next question.
Lee Horowitz: Great, thanks. Maybe Glenn, another one on alternative accommodations. You gave a lot of color on the booking patterns you're seeing on the platform as it relates to cross-shopping hotels and alternative accommodations. But can you comment at all what you're seeing in terms of incrementality of this volume? Do you think your growing presence here is bringing in new cohorts of travelers who are coming to booking for this vertical specifically or is a large piece of this volume coming from consumers that would have likely booked a hotel on your platform otherwise?
Glenn Fogel: That's a very interesting question because I haven't noticed any surveying or trying to understand. Obviously, we can see if we look at it, a customer has come who we've never seen before, we started with an alternative accommodation because they knew that we had alternate accommodations and that would be completely incremental because we have alternate location accommodations. I don't have the data on that, but I can say, I believe without actual data proof, I believe that we have brought in people who would not have come otherwise, would have gone to another site, but came to us because we did offer them an alternative accommodation. And I would say specifically in Europe, I'm almost certain of that because the awareness of our alternative accommodations business in Europe is very high unlike in other parts of the world. So when somebody thinks that I want to have a nice villa in Nice and France, they will think booking.com and that is the incrementality that you're asking about. But again, what's more important is to offering all aspects of travel that goes back to the whole connected trip vision because if somebody does get that nice villa, they have to get there somehow. So if they're going to fly, it's good to be able to combine that. And then they'll have to get from the airport to the villa. So it's nice to have the ground transportation, maybe they need insurance. And as I always say, nobody goes on a holiday, so they can sit in the room, whether it be a villa, even this really nice one or a hotel room, they want to do stuff and that's why attractions is important. I can go on and on and on. And tying that all together in that connected trip vision using science, using data, using our Gen AI capabilities to make sure we're offering the optimal things for that traveler in addition given the opportunities for our suppliers to offer up different types of service at different price points so that they too can enjoy the benefits of this connected vision in terms of more customers, more profitability. That's the thing we're building. That's the real true incrementality and that is getting people whoever they're traveling right now some other way that they come to us because we offer them a better service.
Lee Horowitz: Great. Thanks. And then maybe just one follow-up on sort of fixed OpEx. So given a lot of conversation around your passion for driving fixed OpEx going forward. I guess, given where you guys are in your investment cycle, the -- your motivation to free up resources to invest in a lot of your growth drivers and a lot of the conversation on the potential for Gen AI to help the P&L? Do you think that, you know, the business is in a place where it can drive fixed OpEx leverage, not just next year, but for many years out into the future and it should be part of the way we think about you guys going forward?
Glenn Fogel: I would say absolutely, Lee, there is a big opportunity to do that. But there's always the flip side of how much opportunity do we have to reinvest in the business. So again, coming to the two sides of the coin that I was talking about before, do we have opportunities to find more opportunities for operating leverage, not only in 2025, but also in 2026, absolutely. And of course, some of the initiatives that are being worked on or under development or have been recently implemented, the run rate effects, you will see that coming in then over time in the future. But as I said as well is, I think this company -- the uniqueness of this company is it's doing well, it's growing fast, it's delivering very strong results. We have a lot of free cash flow generation, but we also can reinvest in so many initiatives in order to grow even faster, grow even faster in all those different areas. So how that on a net basis will play out, that's a little bit hard to say. But on the growth basis, in the sense of how much can we really find in terms of efficiencies, I think there's still a long way to go.
Operator: Next up, we'll take a question from Tom White, D.A. Davidson.
Tom White: Oh, great. Thanks for taking my question. Just one, if I could, on social. It seems like in recent months, you know, we've heard you guys mention having better success kind of accessing travel demand in social media channels, which I guess for a long time didn't really seem to be the case. There's obviously a ton of engagement there, but it didn't seem like it was necessarily efficient demand source for you. Can you maybe talk a bit about why that's changing or it seems to be changing? And curious like how big a vector of growth social maybe could be for you guys over the next several years? And how do you think about the incrementality, I guess, of that channel? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: So, this is Glenn speaking, I'll let Ewout talk a little bit if he wants about anything that I don't mention. But we are pleased that we are seeing good results from putting money to work in social platforms. And as you know, over many years, we had mentioned that we were experimenting, but it wasn't really working for us yet. And now finally, we are beginning to see it work. That being said, it's a relatively small amount of money compared to our overall marketing expenses, but we're glad. And the thing is, it always comes out that we're agnostic. As long as we get the right ROI, that's what we really -- you, know our goal is, that's what we care about and it's working now more than in the past because I think cooperation with people in the social platform areas that we're working with people there and coming up with creative ways together to achieve our mutual goals. And we want to continue to do that and we'll continue to invest so long as we keep getting the ROIs that we want, that's as simple as it is. How big could it be? I don't know. It really will depend on how much further ahead we keep the ROIs. In the past, in the past, we had seen some interesting things that worked a little bit, but then when you try to scale it, the ROIs fell off. Now we're not really seeing that in the things we're trying now. But I can't promise that, you know, as we grow bigger and bigger, you start getting to large numbers, real large numbers like when our number -- our total amount we spend on marketing, who knows, but I am encouraged by the progress we have made so far and I am really glad to be able to diversify that pay performance type spend. And, Ewout, you want to say anything on it?
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes, maybe two quick things to add. First, coming back to AI, actually, AI is an important tool to help with the additional advertisement effectiveness. So that the targeting is better and therefore, we can achieve those higher incremental ROIs. And maybe one other point with respect to the financials. Glenn is right, in absolute terms, the spend on the social media marketing channels is still relatively small. But I'm actually encouraged because if you look at the marketing increase spend year-over-year, actually meaningful part of the delta increase is actually going to those social channels.
Operator: Next question is Jed Kelly, Oppenheimer.
Jed Kelly: Hey, great. Thanks for taking my question. Just going back to the U.S., you're getting some nice branding here with the baseball playoffs having, you know, record ratings. You called out room nights maybe growing low-single-digits. So can you talk about where you think your brand is in the U.S.? And then just on the single units in the U.S., you know, talking to some property managers, they still think you're a little more complex to work with versus some of the other platforms. Can you talk about where you are in terms of maybe simplifying it for them? Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: So you're right on your second point about it's not as easy yet as some of our competitors. I know that's true and that's one of the things we're working on. I'll be sure to say that's opportunity for us. That's great. We're doing so well right now and we still haven't perfected that. So that's all upside for us. In terms of awareness, we're still not where we'd like to be, but we continue to improve. I continue to see those numbers going up. When I look at the reports, marketing comes back -- market report comes back to me, reports our marketing department comes back to me. I am pleased with the progress we're making. But again, that's more opportunity for us. Ewout anything specific on that?
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes, just a small technicality just to point out is it looks like where we said last quarter, we are growing in the U.S. mid-single digits and now it's low-single-digits. I would still characterize this more stable growth over these periods because we're really at the cusp in both quarters in terms of which of those buckets it's falling. So I wouldn't read too much in it as an investor, but overall, I would call this more stable growth over the last two quarters in the U.S.
Jed Kelly: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Naved Khan, B. Riley Securities.
Naved Khan: Yes, hi. Thanks a lot. A couple of questions. Glenn, it's great to hear the updates on Gen AI. Maybe give us your thoughts on if you think Gen AI can drive more shift in bookings that can happen through online marketplaces like booking.com versus those that happen directly on a hotel website? And then with respect to Connected Trip, I remember you guys had a partnership with some super apps in Asia like Grab, which is a ride-hailing app. Any updates you can share on those partnerships would be great. Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: Sure. So two separate questions. Let me talk first a little bit about AI in general and the ability for us versus others. This stuff is not easy. It's complicated. Gen AI is hard stuff and it's really good to be in a position where you have resources, people, capital, data to be able to drive forward experiments to see what works, what doesn't work, see how well, how quickly it works. And there's no doubt this is an advantage. So if you're a hotel, even an extremely large hotel, you don't have -- you do not have the resources that we have, I believe. Now, of course, you can partner with others. In fact, we're doing that ourselves. An example, we have, you know, go to OpenTable example, they're not building so much themself. They're partnering with us; they did a good agreement with Salesforce to work with their new AI service that's great there. But I believe it's really important to be able to combine your own data in the hotels accommodations area and come up with things that are truly differentiating and personalization. So I am confident that we have, I'd say, the pole position in the growth of this area, and I'm very excited about it. The other thing you mentioned about our partnerships in Asia with some other players, it's a very small amount of business. Look, we're pleased with where our relationships are with them, et cetera. But that is not something that is -- should be seen as anything that was influencing our Asia numbers at all.
Naved Khan: Thank you, Glenn.
Operator: We'll go next to John Colantuoni, Jefferies.
John Colantuoni: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. A quick one on booking window. Maybe you could just help us size the benefit to the third quarter in terms of room nights from both relative to your expectations and on a year-on-year growth rate perspective? And then second, on North America, your business there seems to be maybe the one region that's tracking more consistent with the broader market. Talk about what investments and capabilities you're making to start driving market-share gains once again in North America? Thanks.
Ewout Steenbergen: John, I will take the first question. We're not really breaking out how much the booking window had an impact on accelerated growth in the third quarter. It is a bit of benefit, but I wouldn't overestimate the impact period-over-period. So I would say slight benefit in the third quarter, but we're not really quantifying that. In terms of your second question, we are doing in North America relative to the market based on external data sources that we are looking at, we believe in the third quarter actually we were growing a bit faster than the market overall. And that's of course the result of a lot of investments we're making. Glenn has touched on many of those already, the number of listings, the focus on alternative accommodations, the investments in the brand we're making. For example, with respect to the World Series and the baseball playoffs in general, what we're doing in terms of becoming more -- creating more familiarity with the brand in the U.S. and many other features and product enhancements we're making to really further improve our market position in the U.S. We're a challenger in this market and actually we think that's a good position to be in because it is an opportunity to grow and ultimately be able to get to our natural position in terms of overall market impact in the U.S.
John Colantuoni: Thanks so much.
Operator: And Everyone, that does conclude our question-and-answer session. I'd like to hand the call back to Mr. Glenn Fogel for any additional or closing remarks.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. I want to thank our partners, our customers, our dedicated employees and our stockholders. We greatly appreciate everyone's support as we continue to build on the long-term vision for our company. Thank you and good night.
Operator: Once again, everyone, that does conclude our conference for today. We would like to thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-01 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Booking Holdings' Second Quarter 2024 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical facts are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings' actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of Booking Holdings' earnings press release as well as Booking Holdings' most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings' earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings' website, www.bookingholdings.com. And now I'd like to introduce Booking Holdings' speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and Ewout Steenbergen. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you and welcome to Booking Holdings' second quarter conference call. I'm joined this afternoon by our CFO, Ewout Steenbergen. I am proud to report second quarter results that exceeded the high end of our expectations for room nights and revenue. The upside on revenue, combined with lower-than-expected fixed OpEx growth, helped drive adjusted EBITDA above the high end of our prior guidance range. As expected, the travel market has continued to normalize and we are pleased with the strength of our underlying business. Moving to our key metrics in the second quarter. Our travelers booked 287 million room nights across our platforms, an increase of 7% year-over-year. Revenue of $5.9 billion and adjusted EBITDA of $1.9 billion, both increased 7% year-over-year. Finally, adjusted earnings per share grew 11% year-over-year, helped by our strong capital return program which reduced our average share count by 7% year-over-year. In line with our expectations, we saw that the booking window expanded less in the second quarter relative to the first quarter which negatively impacted room night growth compared to Q1. From a regional perspective, we observed a mild moderation of travel market growth in Europe. However, we believe we're continuing to perform well relative to the market in Europe. Looking at our other regions, we continue to see high growth levels in Asia and a slight improvement in growth in the U.S. As we look ahead to the third quarter, we believe room night growth will be impacted by a booking window that expands less than it did in Q2 as well as by the more moderate market growth we have seen in Europe, where our growth has remained stable from May through July. We expect that this will result in some deceleration in room night growth compared to Q2. Ewout will provide further details on our second quarter results and our thoughts about the third quarter. I remain confident in the attractive long-term growth profile of the travel industry, our competitive position over the long term and our long-term growth and earnings model. We remain focused on what is important for the business for the long term which means continuing to execute against our strategic initiatives while simultaneously taking actions to drive more cost efficiency in the business. We continue to see progress across several important initiatives which include advancing our connected trip addition, expanding our merchant offering at Booking.com, continuing to develop our AI capabilities, growing alternative accommodations and enhancing our Genius loyalty program. These initiatives all fit together in our ongoing effort to deliver a better planning, booking and travel experience for our travelers while also benefiting our supplier partners. We believe that continuing to drive benefits to our supplier partners is critical to successfully operating a growing 2-sided marketplace. We are encouraged to see healthy second quarter year-over-year growth in a number of supply partners working with us at Booking.com. We are focused on being a trusted and valuable partner by delivering incremental travel demand and developing products and features to help support these accommodation properties, the majority of which are small and independent businesses. We believe that improving the competitiveness and profitability of our smaller partners and supporting those partners across macroeconomic cycles contributes to the long-term economic health of our sector. Our alternative accommodation offering at Booking.com continues to benefit from having more listings available for travelers to choose from. At the end of Q2, our global alternative accommodation listings were about 7.8 million which is about 11% higher than Q2 last year. We believe this greater selection of listings is contributing to the increasing mix of alternative accommodation room nights booked on our platform. We continue to make incremental enhancements to our alternative accommodation offering for both our travelers and supply partners. For our travelers, we are focused on successfully delivering a better planning, booking and travel experience over time which we believe will lead travelers to choose to book directly and more frequently with us. At Booking.com, we are continuing to grow the number of total active travelers with repeat travelers growing at an even faster rate. In terms of direct booking behavior, we are pleased to see that the direct booking channel continues to grow faster than room nights acquired through paid marketing channels. As I've stated before, we think it's important for us to remain proactive in paid marketing channels in order to bring new travelers to our platforms so long as we're able to do this at attractive ROIs. In addition, I'm encouraged by the work our team at Booking.com is doing to increase our spend on social media in a disciplined manner which is an effort that helps to further diversify the channels we utilize while reaching our travelers on platforms they are actively using. Our Genius loyalty program at Booking.com plays an important role in helping to drive more travelers to choose to book directly with us over time. We see a meaningfully higher direct booking mix for Genius users versus other users. And that direct mix percentage steps up at each higher level of Genius status. So we are encouraged to see continued success and more of our travelers moving into the higher Genius tiers of levels 2 and 3 which now represent nearly 30% of our active travelers. In addition to a higher direct booking rate, we also see higher booking frequency from our Genius Level 2 and 3 travelers when compared to our overall business. In Q2, we drove more Genius benefits to our travelers with a 15% year-over-year increase in benefits. This is primarily driven by accommodation bookings. However, we are seeing growth in benefits and the other elements of travel as well with triple-digit growth in Genius discounts for car rental off of a small base last year and continued testing of Genius benefits for flights. In addition to these benefits, bookings in travel verticals outside of combinations contribute to a traveler's Genius level tier. We will continue to explore opportunities to enhance our Genius loyalty program and deliver more benefits to our travelers. And we know that Genius is a win-win with our supplier partners, enabling them to get incremental demand when they want it which is one reason more of our supplier partners are electing to participate. On the connected trip, we continue to take steps towards our long-term vision to make the planning, booking and travel experience easier, more personal and more enjoyable, while delivering better value to our travelers and supplier partners. In order to achieve the easier, more personalized experience of the connected trip, we have always envisioned AI technology at the center of this vision. Our teams of AI experts continue to draw on their valuable experience from using AI extensively for many years as they work to further incorporate this technology into our platforms. We believe our proprietary data, along with our resource and scale, position us well to build compelling AI-powered offerings over time. Another foundational element of the connected trip is the merchant offering that we continue to expand at Booking.com. Merchant capabilities will help bring different elements of travel together in a seamless booking experience while also unlocking the ability to merchandise across verticals. The mix of merchant gross bookings reached 58% of total gross bookings at Booking.com in the second quarter which is an increase of 10 percentage points year-over-year and is higher than our prior expectations. We are pleased to see that processing transaction through Booking.com's merchant offering generated incremental contribution margin dollars in the quarter, though this was still a small percentage of our total adjusted EBITDA. We continue to see growth in transactions that are connected to another booking from a different vertical in a trip. These connected transactions increased by about 45% year-over-year in the second quarter and can change or represent a high single-digit percentage of Booking.com's total transactions. We believe by providing a better overall booking experience, travelers may choose to book more trips with us with a higher likelihood of booking directly in the future. Flights are an important component for many of the connected trips that our travelers are booking. In the second quarter, air tickets booked on our platform increased 28% year-over-year, driven primarily by the growth of Booking.com's flight offering as well as strong growth in Agoda's flight business. We continue to see a healthy number of new customers coming to Booking.com through the flight vertical and are encouraged by the rate that these customers and returning customers see the value of the other services offered on our platform. In conclusion, we continue our work to deliver a better offering experience for our supply partners and our travelers. We remain confident in our long-term outlook for the travel industry, we are positive about our future and we believe we are well positioned to deliver attractive growth across our key metrics in the coming years. I will now turn the call over to our CFO, Ewout Steenbergen.
Ewout Steenbergen: Thank you, Glenn and good afternoon. I will now review our results for the second quarter and provide our thoughts for the third quarter and the full year. All growth rates are on a year-over-year basis. Information regarding reconciliation of non-GAAP results to GAAP results can be found in our earnings release. Now let's move to our second quarter results. Our room nights in the second quarter grew 7% which exceeded the high end of our guidance by 1 percentage point. As expected, we saw room nights growth moderate from the first quarter as we saw less year-over-year expansion of the booking window in the second quarter. Looking at our room night growth by region, in the second quarter, Europe was up mid-single digits. Asia was up mid-teens, rest of world was up high single digits and the U.S. was up mid-single digits. We continue to grow our alternative accommodations business faster than our overall business. For our alternative accommodations at Booking.com, our second quarter room night growth was 12% and the global mix of room nights was 36% which was up 2 percentage points from the second quarter of 2023. We continue to see encouraging progress in strengthening direct relationships with our travelers and increasing loyalty on our platforms. Over the last 4 quarters, the mix of our total room nights coming to us through the direct channel was in the mid-50% range and when we exclude our B2B business was in the low 60% range. We've seen both of these mixes continue to increase year-over-year. Mobile ad mix of our total room night was about 53% which was up 6 percentage points from the second quarter of 2023. We continue to see that the significant majority of bookings received from our mobile apps come through the direct channel. For our Genius loyalty program at Booking.com, we continue to see a year-over-year increase in the mix of room nights booked by travelers in the higher Genius tiers of levels 2 and 3. These members booked more than half of the room nights over the past 4 quarters. Outside of accommodations, we saw airline tickets booked on our platforms in the second quarter increased 28%, about in line with our expectations, driven by the continued growth of flight offerings of Booking.com and Agoda. Second quarter growth in bookings increased 4% which was approximately 3 percentage points lower than the 7% room night growth due to about 2 percentage points of negative impact from changes in FX and about 1% lower constant currency accommodation ADRs. The year-over-year ADR decline was negatively impacted by a higher mix of room nights from Asia. Excluding regional mix, constant currency ADRs were about flat versus 2023. While room night growth was above the high end of our guidance range, gross bookings growth came in at the midpoint of our range due to about 2% lower constant currency accommodation ADRs versus our expectation. In addition, our gross bookings were negatively impacted by lower flight ticket prices in line with the recent trends we have heard from many airlines. Second quarter revenue of $5.9 billion grew 7% year-over-year which exceeded the high end of our guidance by 1 percentage point. Revenue growth was negatively impacted by about 2 percentage points from the change in Easter timing and 2 percentage points from changes in FX. Adjusting for these two items, revenue would have grown about 11%. Revenue as a percentage of gross bookings was 14.1% which was slightly higher than expected due to a timing benefit as we saw gross bookings growth decelerate in the quarter and a less expanded booking window than expected. Additionally, revenue associated with payments was higher than expected. Marketing expense which is a highly variable expense line increased 8% year-over-year. Marketing expense as a percentage of gross bookings was 4.7%, about 15 basis points higher than the second quarter of 2023, due primarily to the timing of brand marketing spend as well as increased spend in social media channels. Second quarter adjusted sales and other expenses as a percentage of gross bookings was 1.9%, about 15 basis points higher than last year due to a higher merchant mix and higher transaction taxes. Our more fixed expenses on an adjusted basis were up 5% and were below our expectation across all three line items: personnel, G&A and IT. We're very focused on carefully managing the growth of our more fixed expenses and are taking actions to help improve our operating leverage in future quarters. Adjusted EBITDA of $1.9 billion was above our expectations, largely driven by higher revenue and lower-than-expected fixed expenses. Adjusted EBITDA grew 7%, despite approximately 5 percentage points of pressure from Easter timing and 2 percentage points from changes in FX. Adjusting for these two items, adjusted EBITDA would have grown about 14%. When looking at our adjusted EBITDA margins, for the first half of 2024 which neutralizes the impact of the Easter timing shift, we're pleased to see 160 basis points of margin expansion versus the first half of 2023. Adjusted net income of over $1.4 billion was up 3%, slower than the growth in adjusted EBITDA, due primarily to higher income tax expenses which was impacted by some discrete items. Adjusted EPS of $41.90 per share was up 11% and benefited from a 7% lower average share count than the second quarter of 2023. On a GAAP basis, net income was over $1.5 billion in the second quarter. Now on to our cash and liquidity position. Our second quarter ending cash and investments balance of $16.8 billion was up versus our first quarter ending balance of $16.4 billion due to about $2.4 billion of free cash flow generated in the quarter, partially offset by about $1.9 billion of capital return, including share repurchases and dividends. Moving to our thoughts for the third quarter. We expect third quarter room night growth to be between 3% and 5%, a sequential deceleration as we expect the third quarter to benefit less from a year-over-year expansion of the booking window than we saw in the second quarter. For the third quarter, we expect the booking window to be more similar to last year. Additionally, we have seen a mild moderation in the market growth in Europe over the last couple of months, though our growth in Europe has remained stable from May through July and we believe we continue to perform well relative to the market. We expect third quarter gross bookings growth to be between 2% and 4%, slightly below room night growth due to about 1 percentage point of negative impact from changes in FX. We expect constant currency ADRs to be down slightly year-over-year and for this to be offset by a slight benefit on flight bookings growth. While we continue to expect growth in flight bookings, we believe this will be less than previously expected due to lower flight ticket prices. We expect third quarter revenue growth to be between 2% and 4%. We expect third quarter adjusted EBITDA to be between about $3.25 billion and $3.35 billion, about flat year-over-year at the midpoint of the range. We expect adjusted EBITDA to grow slower than revenues due to deleverage from sales and other expenses and from growth in IT expenses related to higher software license fees and increased cloud cost. We expect third quarter revenue and adjusted EBITDA growth to also be negatively impacted by 1 percentage point from changes in FX. In terms of our outlook for the full year, we're adjusting our gross bookings growth expectation to faster than 6% which is a bit lower than our prior expectation due to less growth in flight growth bookings as a result of the lower flight ticket prices I previously mentioned. While flight prices have come down, we still expect strong growth in flight tickets for the year as we continue to expand the flight offerings at Booking.com and Agoda. We expect accommodation ADRs will be about flat to down slightly on a constant currency basis. For revenue, we now expect revenue growth of more than 7% which is a bit higher than our prior guidance, based on the outperformance in the first half of the year and our expectation for higher revenue associated with payments. Revenue is impacted to a much lesser extent than gross bookings from the decline in flight ticket prices. We continue to expect about 1 percentage point of negative impact from changes in FX on our topline growth rates while reducing our fixed OpEx growth expectation to low double digits as we continue to focus on bringing this growth rate down over time. We expect adjusted EBITDA to grow in the high single digits which is slightly faster growth than our prior expectation, given our outlook for increased revenue growth and lower fixed OpEx growth. We continue to expect adjusted EBITDA margins to expand year-over-year by a bit less than 8 percentage point. Finally, we're increasing our adjusted EPS growth expectation to above 15%. In conclusion, we continue to expect 2024 to be a strong year for the company. We remain focused on executing against our strategic initiatives while taking actions to drive greater operating leverage. We're excited about our long-term vision for the connected trip and enhancing our offering through technology innovation like generative AI. And with that, we will now take your questions. Operator, will you please open the lines?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney with Evercore.
Mark Mahaney: I was just asking about the European travel conditions, Glenn and Ewout. It sounded like that market may be slowing a little bit but if I'm capturing it right, your performance there seems to have been pretty steady, that sort of indicates market share shifts, market share gains. Any more color on that? Why you would be -- why your performance would be relatively unchanged, I guess, in a slowing European travel market environment?
Glenn Fogel: Mark, it's Glenn. I agree with what you say. I'm very pleased with where we're sitting right now. We've talked in the past about normalization and we're happy with the numbers that we're seeing so far. Your question sort of assumed a softening of the travel business overall. Let's talk about how much and to what extent. Our goal always is to gain share. Whether the market goes up or the market goes down, I can't control demand. I can't control economies. What I can control is how well we can provide value to the travelers and to the suppliers. And as long as we continue to do that, as long as we continue to provide a reason that people should come to us as a traveler or use us as a way to distribute somebody's travel suppliers, we'll continue to gain. And we've seen this in the long run here and I expect to continue to see it in the long run going forward. I can't really give more than that right now.
Ewout Steenbergen: And Mark, if I may quickly build on the answer that Glenn just gave, it's also important to point out that actually our growth in Europe has been quite steady and stable in the period from May through July. So yes, we are seeing some mild moderation but it has been relatively stable over the last couple of months.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Kopelman with TD Cowen.
Kevin Kopelman: Great. Could you maybe give a little bit more color on some of the moderation you're seeing, like other indicators, like length of stay or any trading down activity that you might be seeing? And given that things have started to slow, how do you gain confidence that they're not going to continue to slow both in room nights and rates?
Ewout Steenbergen: Kevin, if you look at the overall conditions of the market, we're not really seeing a trade down on a global basis. So both in terms of the star ratings as well as in the length of stay, it's relatively stable to what we have seen in previous periods. Maybe with one exception is a really mild indication of some trade down in the U.S. but otherwise, globally, we see a very steady picture.
Kevin Kopelman: And a quick follow-up on ad spend dynamics with the deleveraging expected in the third quarter. Is that more of the same in terms of brand and social spend?
Ewout Steenbergen: If you look at deleverage in the third quarter, that mostly relates to SNO and fixed OpEx. Marketing, actually, we expect leverage -- to see leverage in the second half of this year and also from a longer-term perspective because we expect to continue to see some benefit from the expansion in the direct mix. I also would like to point out and we think it's a really positive message for this call, that we are spending more on social media channels. That's a very attractive channel for us where we are expanding now and where we're investing more and we can do that at very attractive incremental ROI. So really an important point to really highlight with respect to our marketing leverage and the success we're gaining there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Post with Bank of America.
Justin Post: Great. Glenn, I'd love to hear your perspective on the travel market, bookings growing 3% to 5%. We know Europe has a really tough comp against reopening last year. Is that kind of how you're thinking about longer-term market growth? Or do you think it's kind of depressed right now on really difficult comps? And then love to hear about alternative accommodations, really, really strong growth there, an increasing percentage. Are you featuring that more on your website? And do you really like the economics of accommodations? How do you feel about those economics versus hotel?
Glenn Fogel: Justin, so two separate questions. One, just going back to the general sense of the travel market. And we talk about this a lot over many, many, many calls about how much we believe that the travel market is best influenced by GDP and that in the long run, GDP goes up, more people travel, more people couldn't travel, get wealthy enough that they can travel, that's a tailwind for us. And we talk about other things. You mentioned the 3% to 5%. I mean, lots of people can come up with whatever way you want in terms of global, what's global GDP? What's it going to do to travel? Numbers aren't that different or some are probably in that neighborhood, then how much additional can we get out of increasing share because we provide a good service. And then, of course, there are the other tailwinds of the off-line to the online, another one that's a point in our favor. All these things together blew the -- the growth algorithm that we've talked about in the past is totally intact. There's going to be volatility, there's going to be variations, there's going to be events are going to happen globally, macro events that happen that can influence a quarter or a week or a day. But in the long run, we just continue to build what we've been trying to build for a long time which is a better service and that's how we do it. And one of the things we've been building and we've been working hard on and I've talked about it for a number of years, how important it is for us to build an alternative accommodations business that will rival anybody's. And we admitted that it was taking us time to build it. We started from behind. Another company may have had a bigger head start on us and building it bigger. We think we've done a really good job of catching up. I love the last call we did a few months ago when we came out and we talked about it, our homes business, our homes business, more than 2/3 of the biggest player in the industry. In that last quarter, we said how we had grown faster, 11 of the last 12 quarters. Now, I don't know if our 12% is going to win or not this time, I don't know. I'm pleased with that growth rate, given the size of the business. And how are we doing it? We're doing it by doing what we do with all things is provide a reason, I said this just to Mark earlier, is that continue to build out a product that gives a person a reason to come and use it. Now I don't really care whether the customer uses a home, or a hotel, or a villa or an igloo. I don't care. I care they get what they want. That's the important thing. And then come back. In terms of the profitability of one versus the other, we can go into that and talk about it but it's not really relevant. Because what's relevant is making sure that they use what they want. We don't try and steer them. We're trying to just make sure they have the best tools to choose what they need in the long run. That's the way we'll win and create a great business.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth with JPMorgan.
Doug Anmuth: Glenn, just curious, first, how you're interpreting the relative tightening of the booking window and what does that tell you about the state of the traveler into the back half? And then just curious, in your outlook, how much are you contemplating? Any impact from the tech issues that we've seen over the last couple of weeks and their impact to airlines as well?
Glenn Fogel: Right. Sure. So the booking window is an interesting thing and we saw it expanding, expanding, expanding and at some point it has to stop, right? I mean, eventually, you can't keep getting bigger and bigger. One of the things I was wondering was why. Why was it expanding? Was it expanding because of inflation and people trying to book early to get that price locked up, afraid that was going to be more expensive down the road. And then now maybe they're thinking well, maybe rates aren't going to keep on increasing, so I can wait. Maybe I'll get a lower price later. I don't know and I haven't done any data to analyze and come up with what the reason is. The fact is, window gets bigger and the window gets smaller. That, of course, influences any particular quarter but in the long run, it all averages out. So I'm not going to worry too much about that. What we do make sure though is make sure that we're spending the right amount of marketing money to try and get the right conversion, do it the right ROI and that's what we continue to do and we're very careful with that. But again, another thing, just like the economies, I can't control what people are going to decide when they want to book. In regard to the tech thing, the tech issues, if you assume you're talking about the horrific events that disrupted travel throughout the world but particularly hit some of our supplier partners significantly. Delta, horrific event and I saw the CEO's interview on Squawk Box and read about what they're planning to do. It's a problem when you have critical infrastructure breaks down and then disrupts millions and millions of people's lives. That's really unfortunate. And hopefully, it won't happen again. Hopefully, people test their products before they put them out into the market. And hopefully, there are backups. Things happen but in travel, we know happens a lot. Certainly, weather happens an awful lot. This is something though that wasn't weather which you can't control, this was making sure that your infrastructure works and will be interesting how that lawsuit turns out. I will point out, it didn't affect us very much though. So we're very pleased about that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan with Goldman Sachs.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe two questions, if I could. First, following up on sort of the demand environment. When you think about the shift from goods to services that has played out in the economy more broadly in the last couple of years, do you think elements of stability or maybe re-acceleration in terms of demand, it might be down to price? Or do you think it's just time and duration that might have to sort of find a new footing for demand and maybe elements of a potential to return to growth? So will this come down to sort of suppliers and pricing or elements of a new normal and finding a new level. I'm just curious for your perspective there, Glenn. And then in terms of the broader marketing messages, you've been on this journey to sort of rejigger the way you're approaching marketing funnel and driving more direct traffic. What do you see as the key investment priorities built on some of the learnings in the last 12 months that you want to share in terms of how the marketing focus for the company might continue to evolve beyond just 2024?
Glenn Fogel: So the first more generic question about goods versus services and I think your question, I'm trying to narrow it down to, I think what we're really talking about is we saw a change in people's behavior where they seem to value services significantly more than good which, of course, helps someone like us. And I think the question is, is this a permanent change or appears to go back to a balance that they had a few years ago, maybe pre-pandemic. And I think that in the end, again, this is one of those things that I believe but I don't have proof of is that as people get wealthier, you end up spending more money on services. And it ends up a lot because people generally have one home, you got one couch. You don't keep buying more and more but as your wealth increases, you want to do things, you want to enjoy things. And we see that happening. There's also -- there could be something of the Instagram effect where -- and this is a human nature that you want to show off to your friend, to your friends, all the great things you're doing, I think that definitely has some impact because we certainly -- certain parts of the world that people never used to travel to, now they are being overrun and I think that is the Instagram effect there. So that's all good for our business. I don't know how much further it will go, though, because you need to buy homes and you need to buy couches, et cetera. And I don't see that as a big swing but I'm not concerned that it's going to flip back and we're going to end up with lower; that's one. In terms of the marketing, let's talk a couple of these. I just want to repeat this point I made earlier about. One of the things that we -- I'm happy to see is seeing us making some progress in using social. We have a long problem getting that to work for us for many, many years, just didn't seem to work. But now we're seeing, okay, starting to work, getting some good ROIs. Putting more money into it like that and I think they will continue doing that. Another thing we saw that we don't talk a lot about it, I won't get too specific but we saw ourselves using money that we thought was producing a good ROI and we turned out, it really wasn't. And we shut some of these things down. I won't go into exactly what they were. And we said, that's really not hurting us. We said, "Well, that's great." And that's something that over last year or so that we saw some of the benefit in terms of our marketing leverage is coming from that. So, two good things and I'll let Ewout anything else to say about marketing there.
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes, Eric, maybe to give you another perspective. So I'm now 4.5 months with the company. A lot of joy, a lot of pleasure to be here and a great honor. But I'm also, of course, looking at some of the perceptions of the company. I think it's still very much an outdated perception out there that we are largely dependent in terms of sales in our business on the paid channels. Actually, we're emphasizing a lot as you have heard in our calls around the direct mix and being now in the low 60% level for B2C which is really a game changer from my perspective for the company. Also we're very much diversifying our paid channels which is very important because this is a very dynamic world. The paid channels are changing all the time. They are changing their algorithms. But I'm really impressed about the science that the company has behind its paid channels, the algorithms that we are adjusting to optimizing all the time, the way how we spend our paid marketing dollars and how we're investing that. And so it's -- there is not a silver bullet. It's all the time really the details about the optimization, how to get to the highest number of new customers coming to us through the paid channels in the most optimal way with the most attractive ROIs and super impressed how the company is doing that. And I think that gives us really an edge in terms of how we can deal with paid channels also in the future. Operator, I think you are ready for the next question.
Operator: And our next question is from James Lee with Mizuho.
James Lee: Two here. First, on loyalty program. It seems like one of your major peers is having mixed success with their loyalty program. And maybe, Glenn, you can once again talk about how your program is differentiated and that would allow you to have very high rate of repeat bookings? And secondly, on advertising, I noticed that your ad revenue seem to be under monetized at only 0.7% of gross booking. Is that a source of opportunity as you're looking to give -- to take advantage of scale or your reach? And if so, maybe help us understand what areas are you looking to expand?
Glenn Fogel: Yes. Sorry about that. Thinking of the answer. I'm going to let Ewout handle the ad opportunity. I'll talk about our loyalty program, Genius which is the Booking.com program which we talked a little bit about in our prepared remarks. We really haven't talked about it much in terms of numbers in the past but I was just really pleased to be able to talk about our Level 2 and Level 3 players. 30% of our active users -- active travelers are Level 2 or Level 3. And we talked about that gives us more than half of the Booking.com business which is really great. That -- and we talk about how they come back more frequently and they come back more direct. That's the point that it works. And one of the great things about it is, for the most part, we're not paying for it. Our partners are supplying almost all the benefit right now but we talk about we are also putting some benefits at a time. We're going to experiment putting more in ourselves. But it's a great thing. You think why do the suppliers do it? They do it because it gets them incremental demand. It gets them demand when they need it, when they want it. It's very flexible. We work together with them, with these partners, so they can get the demand and the reason they get the demand is because our high Genius level people, our high-spending people and they are going to come and they're going to use those services. It's really a win-win-win. Win for our travelers, win for our partners and win for us. There aren't a lot of people who are doing a program like that. So we think it does differentiate. And I'm really happy to see car rental now doing a lot more of it and we're experimenting with flights. And part of the whole vision of the connected trip the Genius program fitting right into that comes with all different types of permutations of ways to provide better benefits to travelers and use it in a way, a scientific way, a data-driven way. A way using all of our AI capabilities, all the data we have so that we can come up with the best solutions for both sides of the marketplace. That is where -- that's what we're driving to. And I see it happening now in some of the numbers we said, I think gives a little indication. And then, of course, there will be the other thing which is really [ph] advertising opportunities are great. And I'll let Ewout talk a little bit about that.
Ewout Steenbergen: James, thank you for pointing out the advertising revenues because it is indeed a very attractive potential line that gives us an opportunity in terms of growing our revenues in the future. Today, this line is mostly coming from KAYAK and OpenTable but there are opportunities, of course, to think about more advertising income from particularly the apps and the active app use that we're having mostly with Agoda and Booking.com. But as everyone knows, this is a very fine line because if you get too many advertisement as a traveler on an app, where you're interested in something else that can ultimately also become quite annoying. So finding there the optimal point is really important. But overall, you're right, that is an opportunity to help to drive further growth with the company in the future, next to many other opportunities we have because I think that's actually -- the exciting part for us as a business, are not just growing with the market. We have so many opportunities to grow faster if it is alternative accommodations we discussed or the multiple verticals around the connected trip we discussed or growing geographically in Asia, in the U.S. around payments, around generative AI and many other opportunities. So definitely, I would put this on the same list as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Ju with UBS.
Stephen Ju: All right. Great. So Glenn, I think I heard you talk in the prepared remarks about connected trips bookings up, I think it was 45% and accounting for a high single-digit percentage of the mix. At this point, is there anything you can share about how the basket size of a particular trip could be moving around and presumably it's up a lot because people are attaching more things. And I guess what the impact to your customer acquisition strategy may be as a result as customer lifetime values go up?
Glenn Fogel: Sure. Well, I won't give specifics but I'll confirm what you say is true, is that somebody buys two things. It's definitely going to be bigger than one thing. And also because they bought more things, as we use the science, as we use our data, as we use all the capabilities we have to come up with, what is the value for that customer? Well, how much should we spend to attract that person is going to change, obviously. And it's also the question is in terms of loyalty. We found and it does make sense, a more satisfied customer is going to come back more often. And people in the connected trip, people who use the connected trip, we do see a higher repeat rate for a connected trip person. And we see them coming direct. And the great thing about the connected trip too is that in the past, with just one vertical which was the hotel business, we were missing on customers who wanted to start with flights and now with flights, people are starting at flights and they come and they buy something else too. And also, it's the convenience factor and that goes into the whole reason why the connected trip. I've heard from people say, "Well, what makes you different?" And the truth is right now, we're semi-different because we don't have the full connected trip done yet, the way I want it to be. But at the end of the day, we all know how frustrating travel is. And we know how much easy it would be if there was just one place, one person who would handle everything for you, put it all together in the way that was the optimal way with all the different things you have to decide upon. And then if anything went wrong, that it would all get fixed. And now with the benefits of GenAI coming out and the progress I see being made with it, I talked to our people in customer service and what we're putting together there, I believe we will create something that truly is differentiating and that will create a reason that people will want to come to us. The more people who come to us, more opportunities we have to work with our partners to provide them opportunities to help build their businesses. Again, I'll get to use it again, I could say win-win-win again, because that's really what we're trying to achieve here.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Lee Horowitz with Deutsche Bank.
Lee Horowitz: So the modestly softer travel environment that the industry seems to be expecting in the second half of the year seems to be working through models by way of pricing pressures. I guess, Ewout, can you comment some on how you think about flexing your cost structure going forward to the extent that, say, hotel ADR has become a bigger headwind for the industry and by extension, your adjusted EBITDA margins?
Ewout Steenbergen: Lee, thank you so much for asking the question because we are, at this point in time, really putting much more emphasis on this particular area and looking for more operating leverage for the company in the future. And we should particularly be well positioned to do that because we have the scale. So we should be able to run much more volume over the same fixed infrastructure that we have as a company in the future and take advantage of that. And take advantage of that in the way that we can reinvest in new growth initiatives as well as, of course, also benefiting EBITDA margins and return of capital to our shareholders. So let me give you a couple of examples what we are doing at this moment. We have already done a couple of reorganizations in some of our businesses. We have been looking very carefully at head count, in some places, put a head count pause in place. We are looking at some expense benchmarking in some other brands and businesses, looking at procurement in real estate and many other areas. So more to come on that over the next couple of quarters that I can give you more details. But definitely, this has become a really big focus area. And we are pleased that, therefore, we can also say to you that for the full year guidance, we are now reducing the outlook with respect to fixed OpEx from low to mid-teens to now low double digits. As well as we continue to focus on growing our fixed OpEx at a lower level than the topline growth in 2025.
Lee Horowitz: Really helpful. And then, Glenn, maybe on alternative accommodations, you continue to deliver very healthy supply growth here. Do you feel like you are reaching a point of supply parity relative to your peers in the U.S. specifically, where you can perhaps lean in more aggressively investing against marketing and discounting within this vertical to sort of accelerate share gains?
Glenn Fogel: I have to admit, I don't believe we are at that level at all right now. But that, to me, is an incredible opportunity. The fact that we are performing as well as we are in terms of our overall number but we still do not have anywhere near the number or the type of home accommodations in the U.S. to be fully competitive is, well, it's a disappointment to me that is not done yet. It's an opportunity where we have all this upside still to come. And we won't be spending huge amounts of money on a subpar product. So not to fear. We're not going to do that. What we're going to do instead to spend the money that we're spending now to make sure we get the properties we need, get the things up and running the way we want the product, the way we want it to be. So nobody ever comes to our site and feels disappointed because it wasn't as good as X. That's what we're working on right now. Clearly, the numbers show that we're doing a good job in many parts of the world but the U.S. is, to me, something that is great opportunity. And for people who live in the New York area, you know if you were looking for -- I use this example all the time because I live in the New York area. If you are looking for a rental, you wanted a home in the Hamptons this summer, you came to our site. You probably said, "Jesus, there's not a lot here compared to some other people." I don't want that to be. I want us to have as many, if not more and I want it to be easier for them to come. I want the trust that coming to Booking is a better way to get that summer rental. And we're going to work on that and that's good for us, an opportunity for us. But your answer is correct. We're not there yet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Colantuoni with Jefferies.
John Colantuoni: You mentioned direct bookings were mid-50% of total and low 60%, excluding B2B which I think implies your B2B mix decreased from last year, if I'm doing the math correctly. In general -- but in general, B2B is a smaller offering relative to your biggest competitor. And I imagine this was a strategic decision but I'm curious why you're less excited about the opportunity in the B2B relative to some of the other players in the space?
Ewout Steenbergen: John, we are not really recognizing that math. And actually, we are really encouraged by the growth of our B2B business as well. You're right that overall, it's a smaller business than some other players in our industry but we have a couple of propositions that are really strong and all of our brands are actually active in the space. Booking.com is active in this space. Priceline with Getaroom, Agoda with Rocket Travel and many other propositions that we have in the market. So it is an important part of our commercial strategy but it is definitely something that is a bit smaller than other players.
John Colantuoni: Great. And maybe a second one on alternative accommodations. I think just broadly speaking, marketing intensity in the alternative space appears to have escalated a bit year-to-date. Talk about Booking's offering and positioning in the vertical and how that positions you to sort of continue delivering impressive growth if the competitive environment continues to ramp over time?
Ewout Steenbergen: John, I think actually, our proposition is unique with respect to alternative accommodations because we are putting both traditional and alternative accommodations on our same platform. So we have the benefit of all our brand marketing spend, all our paid market spend coming together on the same platform and giving the traveler an opportunity to pick and select their best option. Maybe they're coming in and looking for 2 hotel rooms for their family and ending up by booking an apartment with 2 bedrooms and they're very happy with that outcome. As Glenn said earlier, we are actually agnostic about which direction this is taking customers because it is important that they are finding the best option for them, ultimately, how to travel. We're agnostic from an economics perspective about this. And it is all about making sure we have the most attractive proposition in the market. But this is, from our perspective, a differentiator because we are able to bring all of those supply opportunities together on our platforms as a company.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Naved Khan with B. Riley Securities.
Naved Khan: Maybe just on this commentary on booking window kind of not expanding as much. Can you maybe just talk about if you're seeing any mix in your cross-border versus domestic bookings and if that might have anything to do with it. And the second question I have is on the U.S. online growth. It seems like it picked up a little bit versus the last quarter. I'm wondering if it was driven by alternative lodging or if that is not the case?
Glenn Fogel: Ewout, why don't you take that first one and then I'll talk a little bit about the U.S. and the increase we saw in the second quarter versus the first quarter.
Ewout Steenbergen: Naved, the way how we look at booking window is, as Glenn actually commented on a couple of minutes ago, to some extent, it doesn't matter for us. It doesn't matter when a traveler actually books because they will travel at a certain point in time. When they travel, they have the experience. And at that point, we will recognize the revenues and the economics to the company. So if you look at the performance of the business over multiple quarters, this is averaging out. If bookers booked earlier or later, ultimately for the same trip and that can really depend on many factors. It can depend on assumptions what will pricing do over time or locking in certain flights or locking in certain accommodations or other factors why bookers might come to us earlier or later for the same trip. But it is important if any investor looks at us from a medium- and long-term perspective, it doesn't matter because over time, it's averaging out and we will deliver the same results for our shareholders and continue to build our business over time with all the opportunities we have.
Glenn Fogel: In regards to the U.S. and trying to distinguish, is it because we did better in homes or we did better hotels or -- I really try and stay away from that a little bit. We're trying to provide a traveler with what they need and provide all the different opportunities, whenever. But I'm very happy in the second quarter, accelerated versus the first quarter for our U.S. business. That's very good, I'm pleased by doing better over the long run. But I'm not going to say it's because we did X, Y or Z. In the end, we have to do well in every single part of this business. That means we've got to provide the homes. Absolutely, I talked about that. We got to be a good partner to the hotels and provide them with the incremental demand they need, when they need it. In addition, the connected trip, we got to make sure we're getting all the inventory we can in terms of flights, to making sure we have that ground transportation. And as I always say, nobody goes on a holiday to hang out in the accommodation. They want to do stuff. So we got to make sure we get our attraction things working well and that we're putting up the right offers to the person that they want, when they want at the right time. And of course, there's all the other things, provide the insurance and tying it all together in our merchant platform which we put in our prepared remarks some of the numbers, very pleased about the increase in that. Glad to see it continuing to go up. Glad because it provides a great convenience. It makes it easier to do a lot of things in the connected trip. All working together to provide the ultimate thing which is having a better experience for the traveler and providing more opportunities for our supplier partners. Glad that we're seeing that we did better in America, I'd like to do even better in the long run. I think America, the U.S. is a great opportunity. We continue to under index there which means for me, that's a place that we can do better.
Operator: This concludes the Q&A session. Yes. That was our last question. Thank you so much. And with that, I will hand the call back over to you, Mr. Fogel for closing remarks.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. So I want to thank our partners, our customers, our dedicated employees, our shareholders. We greatly appreciate everyone's support as we continue to build on the long-term vision for our company. Thank you very much and good night.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-02 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Booking Holdings First Quarter 2024 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied and forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. 
 For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings' actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the safe harbor statements at the end of the Booking Holdings' earnings press release as well as Booking Holdings' most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings' earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings' website, www.bookingholdings.com. 
 And now I'd like to introduce Booking Holdings speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and Ewout Steenbergen. Go ahead, gentlemen. 
Glenn Fogel: Thank you, and welcome to Booking Holdings' First Quarter Conference Call. I'm joined this afternoon by our CFO, Ewout Steenbergen. I am pleased to report a strong start to 2024. Our travelers booked nearly 300 million room nights across our platforms in the first quarter, which exceeded our expectations and grew 9% year-over-year. First quarter revenue of $4.4 billion grew 17% year-over-year, and adjusted EBITDA of about $900 million increased 53% year-over-year. Both revenue and adjusted EBITDA were ahead of our first quarter expectations. Finally, adjusted earnings per share in the first quarter grew 76% year-over-year, helped by improved profit levels as well as our strong capital return program, which reduced our average share count by 9% versus the first quarter last year. 
 We continue to see resiliency in global leisure travel demand, including healthy growth for travel on the books that's scheduled to take place during our peak summer travel season, although a high percentage of these bookings are cancelable, and what is on the books today represents a modest percentage of the expected total summer bookings. 
 As we look ahead to the second quarter, room night growth compared to last year will benefit from the shift in Easter timing. However, we expect that this will be offset by a less expansion of the booking window and an increased impact from the geopolitical situation in the Middle East. We believe this will result in some deceleration in room night growth versus Q1. Ewout will provide further details on our first quarter results and our thoughts about the second quarter. 
 Over the last few years, we have talked quite a bit about our key strategic priorities, which include building towards our connected trip vision, expanding our merchant offering at Booking.com, developing our AI capabilities and enhancing our genius loyalty program. These initiatives may seem to be distinct efforts, but I'd like to emphasize, they actually all fit together in our ongoing effort to deliver a much better planning, booking and traveling experience for our travelers while also benefiting our supplier partners. 
 By creating a much better experience for our travelers and solving more of the challenges they face when planning, booking and experiencing a trip, we believe travelers will choose to book directly and more frequently with us, resulting in increased loyalty over time. We see encouraging early proof points at Booking.com as we have grown the number of total active travelers while experiencing higher growth in repeat travelers, which speaks to the progress we are making in encouraging customers to book again with us. In addition, we are seeing increases in the average number of trips booked per traveler as well as an increasing mix of our room nights that are booked directly with us. 
 On direct mix, we are pleased to see the direct booking channel continues to grow faster than room nights acquired through paid marketing channels. While we see paid marketing channels becoming a gradually smaller proportion of our business over time, we think it's important for us to remain proactive in these channels in order to bring new travelers to our platforms, so long as we're able to do so at attractive ROIs. 
 We believe continuing to improve the experience for our travelers by advancing towards our connected trip vision will help to further drive these positive proof points around loyalty, frequency and direct booking behavior. I'm encouraged to see strong growth in transactions that are connected to another booking from a different travel vertical in a trip. These connected transactions increased by just over 50% year-over-year in the first quarter, though it's important to note that this growth is off of last year's small base. 
 Connected transactions represented a high single-digit percentage of Booking.com's total transactions in Q1. It's great to see more of our travelers choosing to book connected transactions. And we believe by providing more value and a better overall experience to those travelers, they may choose to book more trips with us and have a higher likelihood of booking directly with us in the future. 
 Flights is the most frequently booked vertical in a connected transaction outside of accommodations. And it is an important component of many of the trips our travelers are booking. In the first quarter, air tickets booked on our platforms increased 33% year-over-year, driven primarily by the growth of Booking.com's flight offering. We continue to see a healthy number of new customers to Booking.com through the flight vertical and are encouraged by the rate that these customers and returning customers see the value of the other services on our platform. 
 Winning a traveler's business is never easy because of the high level of competition in our industry. But we are pleased to see that by providing a better way to do it, less friction, better value, a broader selection and great customer service, we are building a customer base that is more likely to choose us. 
 Outside of flights and accommodations, we are seeing strong growth from rental cars and attraction bookings that are part of a connected transaction. We believe continuing to enhance and expand the attractions vertical has the ability to increase traveler engagement with the app while travelers are in destination and looking for something to do. And we believe that over time, travelers who experience the value we provide for in-destination services like attractions will choose to use us more in the future. 
 Bringing all of these elements of travel together in a seamless booking experience and unlocking the ability of merchandise across verticals is a capability we have been building at Booking.com over the last several years. In addition to being a foundational element to our connected trip vision, our merchant offering brings many other benefits to our travelers and partners. For travelers, we provide the ability to pay in many different methods. And we can offer discounts, incentives and other merchandising opportunities. For our supplier partners, our merchant offering enables us to take fraud liability from our partners as part of the services we provide, reduces cancellation rates versus the agency model. And over time, we believe we can help to lower payment costs for our partners.
 In order to achieve the easier and more personalized experience with the connected trip, we have always envisioned AI technology playing a central role. We believe we are well positioned to leverage this technology given we have built strong teams of AI experts and gained valuable experience from using AI extensively for many years. In addition, we have proprietary data that can be used to train specific use case models or fine-tune large AI models and have the resources and scale required to help build AI-powered offerings. 
 As we have discussed before, our teams continue to work hard to integrate generative AI into our offerings in innovative ways, including Booking.com's AI Trip Planner, Priceline's generative AI travel assistant named Penny and Kayak's recent release of generative AI-powered features and tools. We will continue to learn from traveler interactions with these tools and enhance our offerings over time. 
 In addition, customer service, which is a critical function that we provide to both our travelers and partners, is an area we believe will be meaningfully enhanced by AI advancements. At each of our OTA brands, our teams are actively exploring ways to leverage generative AI technology to improve self-service tools, which we believe will reduce live agent contact rates and enable us to answer traveler questions faster. When customers still need to speak with a live agent, we believe that this technology will improve our live agent efficiency by making it easier to access information and document the conversations. In sum, we believe gen AI will lower our customer service cost per transaction over time and improve the customer experience.
 Our Genius loyalty program at Booking.com also plays an increasingly important role in the multiple elements of travel that we offer as we expect our travelers will be able to experience the benefits of Genius in each of our travel verticals over time. In addition, bookings in travel verticals outside of accommodations will contribute to a traveler's Genius level tier. We have seen an encouraging number of our rental car supplier partners choosing to adopt the Genius program, and we have just begun to test the program in flights and attractions. 
 We are seeing success in moving more of our travelers into the higher Genius tiers of Level 2 and Level 3, which require 5 and 15 bookings in a 2-year period, respectively. We see encouraging behavior from our Genius Level 2 and 3 travelers, including higher frequency and a higher rate of direct booking than what we see for our overall business. We will continue to explore opportunities to enhance our Genius loyalty program and deliver more benefits to our travelers with more of our supplier partners electing to participate. 
 While we have mostly been discussing about our traveler customers, we operate a 2-sided marketplace, and our supplier partners are equally important to us. The success of our business is built on a mutually beneficial and balanced partnership with our millions of hotels, alternative accommodations and other supplier partners around the world. 
 We strive to be a trusted and valuable partner for all accommodation types on our platform, the majority of which are small independent businesses. We believe that improving the competitiveness and profitability of our smaller partners contributes to the long-term economic health of our sector. And we continue to onboard more small independent businesses through our alternative accommodation offering at Booking.com, and we are benefiting from having more listings available on our platform for travelers to choose from. 
 At the end of Q1, our global alternative accommodation listings were about 7.4 million, which is about 11% higher than Q1 last year. We are focused on continuing to build on this progress by further improving the product for our supply partners and travelers, particularly in the U.S.
 In conclusion, I am encouraged by the strong first quarter results and the continued long-term resilience of leisure travel demand. We continue our work to deliver a better offering and experience for our supply partners and our travelers. We remain confident in our long-term outlook for the travel industry. We are positive about our future, and we believe we are well positioned to deliver attractive growth across our key metrics in the coming years.
 I will now turn the call over to our CFO, Ewout Steenbergen. 
Ewout Steenbergen: Thank you, Glenn, and good afternoon. I'm very excited to join the Booking Holdings team. I look forward to continuing to work with you and David in his new role and the rest of the leadership team to help drive continued future success for our investors, employees, traveler customers and supplier partners. 
 I will now review our results for the first quarter and provide our thoughts for the second quarter. All growth rates are on a year-over-year basis. Information regarding reconciliation of non-GAAP results to GAAP results can be found on our earnings release. We'll post our prepared remarks to the Booking Holdings Investor Relations website after the conclusion of the earnings call. 
 Now let's move to the first quarter results. Our room nights in the first quarter grew 9%, which exceeded the high end of our guidance by about 3 percentage points. The higher-than-expected room night growth was driven by a continued expansion of the booking window as well as healthy underlying demand with better-than-expected performance in Europe and less of a negative impact from the war in the Middle East than expected. 
 Looking at our room night growth by region. In the first quarter, Asia was up mid-teens. Europe and the rest of the world were up high single digits. And U.S. was up low single digits. 
 We are encouraged by the continued progress we are making in strengthening the direct relationships with our travelers. Over the last 4 quarters, the mix of our total room nights coming to us through the direct channel was in the mid-50% range, and when we exclude our B2B business, was in the low 60% range. We have seen both these mixes increase year-over-year in each of those 4 quarters. 
 We're focused on continuing to increase our direct mix going forward, which we believe will benefit from our efforts to improve the experience for our travelers, including building towards our connected trip vision. Increasing our direct mix benefits our P&L by driving higher efficiency of our marketing spend as a percentage of gross bookings while reducing the mix of bookings we source through paid marketing channels. 
 In our mobile apps, the significant majority of bookings we receive are direct. And we continue to see favorable repeat direct booking behavior from consumers in our mobile apps when compared to direct bookings on desktop or mobile web. The mobile apps also allow us more opportunities to engage directly with consumers. In the first quarter, mobile app mix of about 51% was 5 percentage points higher than the first quarter of 2023. 
 We continue to offer our travelers a broad selection of places to stay and are seeing an increasing mix of our room nights being booked in alternative accommodation properties. For our alternative accommodations at Booking.com, our first quarter room night growth was 13%. And the global mix of alternative accommodation room nights was 36%, which was up versus 33% in the first quarter of 2023. 
 Outside of accommodations, we saw airline tickets booked on our platforms in the first quarter increased 33%, driven by the continued growth of Booking.com's flight offering. First quarter gross bookings increased 10%, which exceeded our expectations. The 10% increase in gross bookings was approximately 2 percentage points higher than the 9% room night growth on an unrounded basis due to about a 1% higher accommodation ADRs plus about 1 point of positive impact from flight bookings. There was an immaterial impact from changes in FX on our gross bookings growth rate. 
 Our ADR growth was negatively impacted by regional mix due to a higher mix of room nights from Asia. Excluding regional mix, ADRs were up about 2 percentage points. Similar to comments we have made in the past, we have not seen a change in the mix of hotel star rating levels being booked or changes in the length of stay that could indicate that consumers are trading down. We continue to watch these dynamics closely. 
 Revenue for the first quarter of $4.4 billion also exceeded our expectations, increasing 17% year-over-year. Revenue as a percentage of gross bookings was 10.1% and improved versus the first quarter of 2023 due mostly to the Easter timing shift as well as the easier year-on-year take rate compare due to changes in the booking window last year, as mentioned on our first quarter 2023 earnings call. 
 Marketing expense, which is a highly variable expense line, increased 6% year-over-year. Marketing expense as a percentage of gross bookings was 3.7%, about 15 basis points lower than the first quarter of 2023 due to higher ROIs in our paid channels and a higher mix of direct business. Performance marketing ROIs increased year-over-year, helped by our ongoing efforts to improve the efficiency of our marketing spend.
 First quarter sales and other expenses as a percentage of gross bookings was 1.6%, about 20 basis points higher than last year due in large part to a higher merchant mix. Our more fixed expenses on an adjusted basis were up 11%, which was below our expectation due primarily to lower G&A expense. We recognize that this fixed expense growth is elevated as we invest in the business but are fully focused on driving operating leverage from our more fixed expenses and targeting a much lower OpEx growth level in 2025. 
 Adjusted EBITDA of approximately $900 million was above our expectations, largely driven by stronger-than-expected bookings as well as better-than-expected marketing efficiency. Adjusted EBITDA was up 53%, including about 20 percentage points of benefit from the shift in Easter timing. Note that we expect the first quarter will be our seasonally lowest EBITDA quarter for the year. 
 Adjusted net income of over $700 million resulted in adjusted EPS of $20.39 per share, which was up 76%. Our average share count in the first quarter was 9% below the first quarter of 2023. On a GAAP basis, we had net income of $776 million in the quarter. 
 Now on to our cash and liquidity position. Our first quarter ending cash and investments balance of $16.4 billion was up versus our fourth quarter ending balance of $13.1 billion due to the $3 billion debt issuance in the first quarter and $2.6 billion in free cash flow generated in the first quarter. This was partially offset by the $1.9 billion in capital return, including share repurchases and the dividend we initiated in the quarter as well as $315 million in additional share repurchases to satisfy employee withholding tax obligations.
 Now on to our thoughts for the second quarter. We expect second quarter room night growth to be between 4% and 6%, a deceleration from the first quarter as the first quarter benefited more from the year-over-year expansion of the booking window. We expect the booking window to be closer to the prior year in the second quarter. Additionally, the impact from the ongoing war in the Middle East was less negative than we expected in the first quarter. However, we expect a more negative impact in the second quarter given the geopolitical situation in April. 
 April room night growth rate was above the high end of that range and benefited by a couple of points from Easter being in March this year versus April last year. Adjusting for Easter, April room night growth was about in line with the high end of that range. 
 We expect second quarter gross bookings growth to be between 3% and 5%, slightly below room night growth due to about 3 points of negative impact from changes in FX, offset by about 1% higher constant currency accommodation ADRs plus about 1 point of positive impact from flight bookings. 
 We expect second quarter revenue growth to be between 4% and 6% and for revenue growth to be impacted by about 2 points of negative impact from changes in FX. Adjusted for the changes in FX, we expect second quarter revenue growth to be in line with second quarter gross bookings growth as the negative impact from the shift in Easter timing is offset by increasing revenues associated with payments. 
 We expect marketing to be a source of slight deleverage in the quarter. But if you adjust for Easter timing, we expect marketing as a percentage of revenue to be neutral year-over-year. We expect our sales and other expenses to grow faster than revenue in the second quarter, driven by a higher merchant mix. We expect our more fixed OpEx to grow faster than revenue in the second quarter due primarily to faster IT expense growth as we have been investing in new tech platforms and in line with the full year guidance we provided last quarter. 
 We expect second quarter adjusted EBITDA to be between about $1.7 billion and $1.75 billion, down low single digits year-over-year due to about 7 points of pressure from the shift in Easter timing and about 2 points of negative impact on growth from changes in FX. Normalizing for Easter timing and changes in FX, our expectation for second quarter adjusted EBITDA would be for mid- to high single-digit growth. 
 In closing, we are pleased with our first quarter results and the healthy leisure demand environment we are seeing. In terms of our outlook for the full year, we're not updating our previous full year commentary at this time. We want to see how the next few months develop before considering any updated commentary. We continue to expect 2024 to be a strong year for the company. 
 Lastly, I would like to thank all my new colleagues across the company for their hard work and dedication to make these strong first quarter results possible. And thank you for your continued commitment towards our shared vision of making it easier for everyone to experience the world. 
 We'll now move to Q&A. And Kathleen, will you please open the lines? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Kevin Kopelman of TD Cowen. 
Kevin Kopelman: So a quick one on the guidance. Can you talk about what changed in terms of the shape of the year that you're seeing versus what you expected on the February call? And walk us through this kind of changing booking window trends that you're seeing. And then if you could comment on whether it's giving you any concern about the back half or you see it as more of a neutral change. 
Ewout Steenbergen: Kevin, this is Ewout. If you think about the second quarter guidance that we have provided to you, I think a couple of elements that you have to take in consideration. One is we are expecting a less expanded booking window in the second quarter than we have seen in the first quarter. So there has been a little bit of a pull forward of room nights from the second quarter into our first quarter results. We are expecting more of an impact from the Middle East from what we have seen so far. But in the opposite direction is that Easter is a slight benefit for the second quarter. 
 There is a little bit of noise, so to say, in the results quarter-by-quarter, particularly from Easter and the booking window. But if you look at the combined first half year results that we are expecting, so the actuals in the first quarter and the guidance for the second quarter, we believe that the results are really strong and very consistent to full year guidance that we have provided.
 In terms of the comps that you are referring, actually, first quarter and second quarter comps are a bit tougher for us. And the second half of the year, the comps will become easier. So that is actually going to be a benefit during the course of 2024. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney of Evercore. 
Mark Stephen Mahaney: Can I try 2 questions, please? First, why do you think the ROI is higher in paid marketing channels? Is that just efficiencies you found or you find that overall performance marketing channels, platforms that are out there are just providing a better return on ad spend to their customers in general? And then secondly, could you quantify at all what percentage of total transactions now are connected? 
Glenn Fogel: So why don't I say the first part, Mark, and I'll let Ewout talk a little bit about -- I think we gave away that -- a very generic term. I'll let him repeat it. So look, we are pleased with what we're doing with our marketing programs all around everything. And you know, Mark, we've talked about this for many, many years. We view this all holistically. And we're always looking for what is the best use of the money, what's the best way to put it to work. And when we find things that work, we put more into it. When we find things that actually are not incremental and are actually duplicative, we pull it out and say, well, let's not spend the money there. 
 And that's really what we've been doing. And I'm not going to get into specific things because, obviously, it's competitively -- a competitive advantage to have these things are better. But I definitely, definitely love the fact that we are producing some very nice ROIs on our marketing programs. It's really a lot of hard work by a lot of people. So I'm going to going to shout out to them because I know they've done some really good work. And Ewout, do you want to give a -- repeat what we've already said once? But go ahead. 
Ewout Steenbergen: Sure. Mark, so the percentage of connected trip as a mix of total transactions at this moment is high single digits, and that is growing very rapidly. I think the way we look at it is really in combination with multiple other elements. We're seeing that we're delivering more value for our customers. Therefore, we see higher loyalty customers moving up to higher levels of Genius, more repeat customers coming to us. We can provide them more benefits over time. They're buying more from multiple verticals, and therefore, the connected trip is growing as well. 
 So this is really a flying wheel that we're having here. And we're seeing all of these metrics moving in the right direction, and they are all interrelated. So we're actually really encouraged by the total pattern of what we're seeing in terms of the added value we deliver to the customer and how it is being recognized by those travelers. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Post from Bank of America. 
Justin Post: I was wondering if you can give us the update of your regional mix. We get that question all the time and just how it's changed, any regions growing faster than others at this point and how it's changed maybe since pre-pandemic. And then second, the Digital Service Act in Europe has taken hold. And just wondering if you're seeing any changes in performance marketing channels around that or any disruptions or any opportunities. 
Glenn Fogel: Thanks, Justin. I kind of missed the second part. Let me start with the first part, and then let Ewout pick it up on the other. So regional mix. And one of the things that we've been talking about for some years because of the pandemic. The issue has been depending on when the pandemic was in its worst parts and then people coming out of it, definitely impacted how we're doing different regional ways. So as we talked in the last year's calls -- calls last year, we talked about how Asia had been behind in coming out, but of course, we're getting a good comp because they were farther behind. And now we're still benefiting from some of that. The U.S., if you recall, came out first. So of course, we had a harder comp, so to speak, when we're looking last year. 
 But one of the things I've said, though, in terms of regional mix and one of the things, as you know, we are very strong in Europe. You also know that I have prioritized that we should be better in the U.S. And that is something we have been spending money, time, energy. And I'm really pleased, I've mentioned a couple of times in our previous calls, how well we have performed in the U.S. going back to pre-pandemic numbers. And it's just wonderful to see that the effort that we've put to work is actually producing results. We are going to continue to put priority in the U.S. I said that. 
 And one of the areas where I think we've done extremely well, in our alternative accommodations. As you know, we have a very strong alternative accommodation on a global basis, but I've also talked in the past about us being a little bit further behind in the U.S. in alternative accommodations, particularly in types of properties that I think will be helpful in the U.S. And we are making good progress, and we're improving the product. And it's giving you the reason that people have supply, the people who own the homes are willing to come now and put them onto our platform, too. 
 And you've seen some of our marketing, where we've been mentioning more about the alternative accommodations. All those things together are things the reason I believe we have a great opportunity to continue to increase our share in the U.S. and so I'm looking forward to. Ewout, I'll let you pick the rest because I didn't catch the second part. 
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes. And quickly to give a couple of numbers around the regional mix. Europe, high single-digit growth in the first quarter, that was above our expectations. Very important that we see even Europe continue to do better than our own internal expectations. Asia, mid-teens growth, particularly very strong, China, Japan, Korea, India and Indonesia. And then U.S. at low single-digit growth, as Glenn already mentioned, but we believe that we have done better than the market in the first quarter with our U.S. growth and are on great trajectory and have many additional opportunities to grow faster in the future in the U.S. 
 With respect to your second question regarding the DMA changes, actually, if we look at the higher ROIs for our paid channels and the marketing leverage that we're seeing in the first quarter, that is all coming from our own actions, from the improvements we're making, the continuous optimization of our paid marketing approach as well as the growth of direct channels. We don't see really an impact from the Google DMA changes. And I would say that is more neutral for us as a total effect. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth of JPMorgan. 
Douglas Anmuth: Glenn, just hoping you could perhaps quantify anything on Genius frequency or bookings versus nonmembers? And maybe you can just help us understand what you see in the path of customers as they move into upper Genius loyalty tiers. And then Ewout, just a follow-up on your U.S. comments from a few minutes ago, the low single-digit room night growth above market. Is there anything to point to in that region in particular relative to the faster growth you've seen elsewhere? 
Glenn Fogel: Doug, we don't give away numbers in our Genius membership. We don't talk about how many are in different tiers. I can say, though, how pleased I am and how the whole program continues to grow. And that's why we're continuing to expand, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks about we are now testing additional verticals, flights, attractions. The idea is that to give more value to the traveler, but it also provides a great opportunity for our supplier partners to get incremental demand when they need it. It's really a symbiotic relationship here. We're working together with our partners to both increase the value of our business but also increase the value of their business. 
 Genius is not something somebody has to do. A partner decides to participate and decides how they want to participate because they believe they are actually getting true value out of that. And we're going to continue to experiment with it in terms of different ways, and sometimes we'll even put value in ourselves to make sure that we are providing the best alternative for any traveler. They should come to us and then they start to come back. 
 And we talked about that in my prepared remarks about -- Ewout just mentioned it, too. As people get more value, as they get a benefit, they see the reason to come back. And then they come back not only again and again more frequently, but it's the coming back to rep. And that's the great thing. And I see this as another reason. I love Ewout using the term. I think he said flywheeling. I use flywheel. It's the same thing. It's the idea that giving more value will get people to come back more often, and that is something I see great opportunity for us. And I'll let Ewout talk a little bit about the low single digit for the U.S., any more comments he wanted to make on that. 
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes, Doug, a couple of additional insights around the U.S. So what we like particularly is the sequential improvement from the fourth quarter in terms of our growth. Particularly within the growth, we saw the highest growth for alternative accommodations, which is really encouraging. If you look at U.S. bookers, more international growth than domestic growth. And then again, we really very much believe that U.S. is for us a growth market opportunity. It's fantastic with the scale that we have already today, with all the strategic expansions we're doing in multiple verticals and going more direct to connected trip, generative AI and many of the other strategic initiatives that we're having that we're actually having an opportunity to expand our position over the next few years in the U.S. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Lee from Mizuho Securities. Sorry, your next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak from Morgan Stanley. 
Brian Nowak: Maybe to come back to the last discussion you are having about the U.S. Over the last sort of 10 years or so, you've had a lot of strategies in the U.S. between branded spending, paid search spending, the merchant product and now AI. I guess maybe for either of you, as you sort of think about the next couple of years, what do you sort of think the largest unlock will be to differentiate yourself to drive continued outsized growth within the online travel category in the U.S.? 
Glenn Fogel: Brian, a couple of interesting things about that question. And it's interesting when you said online, you kind of limited to online. I just had the benefit of looking at a research report by -- an industry report that talked about how much business there is that's not online yet and seeing that, saying, wow, this is still a tremendous opportunity for us. I'm speaking specifically about U.S. 
 But directly to your question, so you're right. We've been doing a lot of things, and I would say they all have worked out fairly well given the numbers, the share that we have increased over the time, again, going to pre-pandemic. And I love the way we're doing, the way it keeps going. And we're going to continue to grind it out. And I've talked about it. I've used that word a number of types in previous calls, about we're grinding it out, just doing incremental changes that are getting us a little bit more. And it continues to grow on itself.
 But I think your question more is, is there going to be something down the road that is going to be transformational instead of just incremental? And I believe that is possible. I believe the things that we are doing with AI, the things that we can do with technology, the way we can do it, so it really is different. And I think I hear your question a little bit of is there enough differentiation between us and our competitors. And I believe over time, we will be doing that. And I believe the things that we can build will make it different. And I talk about how -- the frustration that travelers have nowadays. 
 So even though it's become so much better than it used to be, it's still not good enough. And I believe the use of AI, particularly gen AI, and what I'm seeing through, I'm seeing testing and things that are being done, I believe that over the next few years, it will become much better because of these technological advancements. Our job is to make sure we get it out fast, and we are able to provide it to both sides of the marketplace, to our supplier partners and our travelers, such that they see the value and they continue to come back. And then we begin. I love it. I'm going to be using flywheeling from now on. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Lee of Mizuho Securities. 
James Lee: Two over here. Can you guys comment about ADR by region and kind of what you're seeing among different markets that you're operating? And also, can you update us on ADR expectations for 2024? Maybe any changes from your prior expectation. I guess lastly, any trends that you see in terms of summer travel season, I guess, especially in Europe? How does that compare to last year? 
Glenn Fogel: ADR by regions, James, in the first quarter, what we have seen is ADRs were up in Europe and were flat in North America and in Asia. So therefore, on a constant currency basis, 1% overall growth in ADRs as we have reported today. 
Ewout Steenbergen: And in terms of summer, as I said earlier, I said that we have a healthy growth for travel on the books that's scheduled to take place during the peak summer. And that's where we're feeling that -- why I'm feeling pleased about the summer. I'm not going to quantify it though. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Ju of UBS. 
Stephen Ju: So I was wondering if there is anything you can share about how the folks who have access to Trip Planner might be behaving. It seems like there's a lot of potential application here because if they're doing research, then there's top-of-funnel implications. And then you could theoretically recommend other pieces of the trip as well. So this could theoretically drive greater connected trip activity. So just wondering. This has been out for a little less than a year. So I'm just wondering what you guys are seeing so far. 
Glenn Fogel: Yes. So it's low numbers of people who are using in such, and we're continuing to develop and learn all the time the interactions to see how people are using it. So it's a very small number of people compared to the number of people who use our services, but we are continuing to advance it. 
 And I agree with you. This has tremendous potential down the road. And I think a lot of people believe that, too. In fact, it's very hard to read any article about generative AI and not have in the first paragraph the use case of travel. It's always right there because we all see how complex the number of permutations, trying to understand what is the best way to do it. And using gen AI to simplify it, it's really something that I believe will make a huge difference, albeit it's going to take time. You're not going to see tremendous changes over the next couple of quarters. 
 But I do believe, over time, this will create a much better way for people to do their planning, their booking, executing and helping them when they are in destination, which is a really important thing because nobody goes on travel so they can sit it in the hotel. They want to do stuff. And we want to be able to provide that, too, and bring, as I said, about all the elements we've talked about, all the initiatives into one holistic system that enable it to be a better experience for our traveler customers. I believe that just has tremendous opportunity for us. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lee Horowitz of Deutsche Bank. 
Lee Horowitz: Great. Two if I could. Ewout, there remains sort of a robust debate on sort of what the structural growth algorithm is for online travel at this point. I guess in your early experience of booking, what strikes you as perhaps the most compelling area that you could put $1 of investment to work in order to drive faster revenue growth for longer that maybe comes in above the investor expectations? And then maybe one on fixed OpEx. Obviously, your fixed OpEx base is up materially relative to '19, particularly when you compare it to bookings growth relative to '19. So I guess maybe what has shifted in the business that is perhaps maybe a bit more capital intensive at this point or necessitating sort of greater headcount to sort of accomplish the goals that you guys want? 
Ewout Steenbergen: Yes. Thanks, Lee. So first, your question about structural growth. So I am really super positive about the outlook for the company. Why? This is, of course, a phenomenal company, super high quality, very successful. And I very much believe that we will be able to grow in the future faster than GDP. Shift of offline to online bookings. I think overall, also consumers that will spend more on experiences than on material goods.
 And then a number of areas that I believe actually, in my view, now being 6 weeks here in the position that are really underestimated for the company. So first, let me talk about direct. I think this is a company now that is -- completely has a complete game changer with respect to the share of direct. We're not only dependent on pay channels anymore. And that is now in the low 60% range for the B2C business. It's really important, and we are keeping those customers with us, and we have talked about it now before previous questions of really adding more value and more of those travelers coming back to the app, booking direct to us and the benefit we are having with that. 
 The other is the opportunity we have with respect to alternative accommodations. I think, again, this is completely not well understood and underestimated. We are actually, in terms of size, 2/3 of the largest player in this space, and we are growing faster in most of the last 8 quarters. And we still have a lot of opportunity to further develop our offering. But the fact that we are combining traditional accommodations and alternative accommodations on a platform and having travelers really being able to go from one to the other -- sometimes they go in and want to book one type of accommodation, and they end up booking a completely different type of accommodation. 
 And the last is gen AI. Glenn was just commenting on this. I have to say, I think the strategic benefit we have in terms of our capital investments we can make as well as the quality of the data because in generative AI, it's not so much about the language models. The data that go into the language models is strategically probably the biggest differentiator. And we have really advantage with respect to the data because of all the different ways that we touch travelers and partners and other stakeholders in the travel industry. So therefore, I'm really very positive and optimistic about the structural growth opportunities for the company over the next couple of years. 
 Quickly about fixed OpEx. I think that has to do with a couple of strategic expansions that the company has done, multiple verticals, moving in payments. But that is actually linked to your previous question. That will help drive future growth for the company. So that's actually a good thing. But as we have said, we are targeting to lower the growth of fixed OpEx from 2025 onwards. And you will see more operating leverage from that over the next few years. So this year, we'll still have some end finalization of some of the investments, for example, about some of the tech platforms. But then for next year, you will see more operating leverage coming in from all of those investments we have been making. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Colantuoni from Jefferies. 
John Colantuoni: Just wanted to ask about underlying room night trends. just talk about in the first quarter, the size of some of the transitory impacts that you called out like Easter shift, geopolitical disruption and the booking window and sort of how that shakes out to how you think about underlying trends in the business. 
 And second, on the attractions offering, can you talk about the investments that you've made so far and how your supply is today versus where you need it to be over time to sort of open up the full potential of that opportunity? And our understanding is that attractions are often booked closer to the trip date, which requires getting the traveler back to the app. Talk about how you're sort of looking to drive a solution to that dynamic and how the connected trip offering could help drive that behavior over time. 
Ewout Steenbergen: With respect to your first question, room nights dynamics in the first quarter. So positives here compared to our original guidance for the first quarter were the fact that the booking window was expanding and that we're able to pull some room night bookings from the second quarter into the first quarter, healthy demand in Europe, and Europe was stronger than we anticipated, as we mentioned before, and less of an impact from the Middle East. And you saw excluding the Middle East impact, actually, the result was exactly the same. So there was no material impact from the Middle East. Easter was a negative, a small negative. But that was, of course, anticipated in the guidance that we provided before. 
Glenn Fogel: So on attractions -- and it's a good question to ask because we haven't talked about it a lot in the past. Attractions is mostly supplied through third parties. So we have arrangements with companies like Viator, or a Klook or Musement. And we get the supply that way. In addition -- and we don't talk about this much at all either. We also have FareHarbor, which if you may recall, we acquired that. Think of it as the OpenTable for small- and medium-sized attractions because it's a good loop into those attractions. 
 We have priorities though. We can be anything, but we can't be everything, and we definitely can't be everything all at once. So the priorities have been to get the flight stuff up, get that one. It's the biggest thing, get that going well first. And then we have making sure that we have the ground transportation to make sure all that stuff is -- now our people have attraction. They also want to have a lot of emphasis, too, and they are doing a great job building that, and we've talked a little bit about that. 
 And that's going to come in as part of the overall connected trip because as you point out, people don't generally book their attractions far, far in advance. In fact, a lot of them want to book it when they're actually in destination, and that's why I love the fact of the increased amount of use of our app because that's like having your travel agent in your pocket and be able to -- we're able to send them great offers, great ideas where they go right to it, checks on the app and can they get something better. 
 And that's why we're bringing that into our Genius program for people to have an attraction business and want to get that incremental demand. We can push something to a customer who's in destination and give us on -- bring them to that particular supplier. All over, it's a tremendous opportunity down the road. We have yet to even really scratch the possibilities with that, and that's just another reason why I see just tremendous opportunity for us as we continue to roll on. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ron Josey from Citi. 
Ronald Josey: I want to ask maybe a follow-up on alternative accommodations here just given how much faster overall room nights are growing. And Ewout, you talked a little bit about this as well as Glenn, but I wanted to hear more about the supply side, the 7.4 million properties on the site. Are these higher quality than maybe what you've seen in the past? Are they differentiated from other platforms given -- that are available out there? And Ewout, you made a good mention earlier just that with Booking offering both alternative accommodations and traditional, that's an advantage. I'd love to hear your thoughts on what you're seeing from a consumer perspective, those that book both and then the mix between that going forward between those 2 bookings. 
Ewout Steenbergen: So let me first take the second part of the question in terms of alternative and traditional accommodations. We're actually not so much separating in our thinking one versus the other because we believe that our unique proposition is that we're putting both in the same way on our platforms because it is an artificial separation as we are seeing many consumers are looking for both. They want to alternate -- look at different alternatives. They want to compare. And often, if they start to look for a traditional hotel, they maybe end up with an apartment they want to rent as an alternative accommodation or the other way around. So actually, the way we look at it is we think it's actually really strong to bring all of these propositions together and have a really a combined offering to our traveler customers. 
Glenn Fogel: In terms of quality -- and I'd like to think that the inventory we have is high quality, obviously comes at different price points. It's a complete range. And you may not be surprised that lower-priced things may not be as luxurious the higher-priced things. And I think we cover the gamut, but we don't have enough of certain types in certain areas. And I've talked about this before. We're entering close to the summer, and I look at -- I live in the New York metropolitan area. And I'm looking, do we have enough of these high-end homes in the Hamptons? And I don't think we do. If I look at some of our competitors, I see more. 
 I look at that as opportunity for us, though, because we're doing so well. Yes, we don't have all the different types of accommodations and the quantity that I want to have in that. It's great that we are as big as we are, but I absolutely see no reason we shouldn't be significantly bigger throughout every geographical area. Look, our base was Europe. So we are very, very competitive. We have great inventory, all types there. But I've talked about the U.S., and that's an area we continue to do more work. And I mentioned earlier, I see us making great progress there. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jed Kelly of Oppenheimer. 
Jed Kelly: Great. Just following up on that last point, Glenn. How do you think about getting more of that single unit inventory? Is it connecting more with property managers, the PMS systems? And then my second question is, just how should we view the big events in Europe this year, this summer in travel, particularly around the Olympics impacting demand or how people would travel? 
Glenn Fogel: Sure. So yes, and we definitely have -- you're not surprised of the fact that it's easier to get more inventory when you go to some of the managers who have significant number of the inventory you're looking for. And those multi-property managers are the place where we definitely assume more business. And we have not, until very recently, really spent a lot of time trying to do it in the low -- trying to go for individuals and trying to bring them in, too. 
 There's no doubt, though, over time, we have to make sure to make an effort to everybody. And that means being sure that we are providing a platform that a supplier really likes to use. And I saw something recent. Just to give you an example, turns out that until fairly recently, it was hard for some of our big managers to be able to reconcile the payments with individual properties. And we improved that significantly recently. And that's the reason, it was, okay, now I'll do that. And I can go through a whole bunch of different individual things that, well, by themselves may not be so big. As a whole, they end up saying, yes, I will now be more than happy to get incremental demand from Booking.com because I find it easy and helpful. 
 If somebody is going to make business to make money, you definitely never want to have your property empty. That's 0 revenue. You're never going to get back. That inventory expires. So that's why people are always looking to try and get more demand. As long as we provide them with demand and we provide them with a platform that they find easy and helpful, they will come to us. 
 In regards to the summer and things like Paris and the Olympics, stuff like that, it's always a mystery what's going to happen with the Olympics. So I've been here now 24 years. So I've been through a whole bunch of Olympics and thought it was going to be -- this is what's going to happen and then something else happens. Here's the big point. Let's not concentrate too much on one individual event to last for a couple of weeks. 
 I continue to say the important way to view value in this company in the long run. What have we done? What have we done over the last 24 years here? Continue to increase the value, bring in more customers and more suppliers and continue to produce more cash flow for our investors. That's the way we've done in the past and what we did in the past. And as far as how the Paris Olympics go, I really -- I can guess, but my guess is as good as yours. And I don't think that's something that I'd spend a lot of time worrying about. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tom White from D.A. Davidson. 
Thomas White: Just one. I wanted to follow up on some of the prior questions on the U.S. market. I was hoping you could kind of comment on maybe the relative unit economics of your U.S. accommodations business today versus in Europe. Obviously, the Booking.com brand here is well known but less well known than in Europe. And so maybe there's like a heavier kind of marketing load per room night here. But the ADRs here are nice and high. But then again, maybe the take rates are lower. So I'm just kind of curious directionally how accommodation kind of unit economics in the U.S. stack up versus Europe at the moment and maybe where you kind of see that going over the next few years. 
Glenn Fogel: We don't disclose much more and giving you these regional growth rates. We don't go any further than that in terms of detail. And I don't think we'll be starting that right now. I understand your reason for asking, but for reason of competitiveness and such, we're not going to break this down any further than that. 
Operator: That concludes our Q&A session. I will now turn the conference back over to Glenn Fogel for closing remarks. 
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. I want to thank our partners, our customers, our dedicated employees, our shareholders, and I especially want to thank Ewout for joining the team. Ewout, thank you very much. We greatly appreciate everyone's support as we continue to build on the long-term vision for our company. Thank you, and good night. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect. Goodbye.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-22 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Booking Holdings Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings’ actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements – please refer to the safe harbor statement at the end of Booking Holdings’ earnings press release as well as Booking Holdings’ most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings’ earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings’ website at www.bookingholdings.com. And now I’d like to introduce Booking Holdings speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and David Goulden. Please go ahead, gentlemen.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you, and welcome to Booking Holdings’ fourth quarter conference call. I am joined this afternoon by our CFO, David Goulden. I am pleased to report a solid finish to 2023 as fourth quarter room nights slightly exceeded our expectations and grew a bit more than 9% year-over-year or 11% when excludes Israel from both periods. When compared to 2019, our room nights grew 21% versus our expectations of 20%. We delivered record fourth quarter revenue of $4.8 billion and record adjusted EBITDA of $1.5 billion, which were ahead of our expectations. Finally, the GAAP and earnings per share in the quarter grew 29% year-over-year, helped by the reduction in our share count versus last year. At the start of 2024, we continue to see resiliency in global leisure travel demand. As we look to the year ahead, we see strong growth on the books for travel that’s scheduled to take place in 2024, which gives early indications of potentially another record summer travel season. As we’ve noted previously, a high percentage of these bookings are capable and what is on the books today for the summer period represents a small percentage of the total bookings that we expect to ultimately receive. David will provide further details on fourth quarter results and on our thoughts about the first quarter and full year 2024. Looking back at the full year of 2023, I am proud of our efforts to drive more benefits to our travelers and supply partners while also delivering record-setting industry-leading financial results. We reached a significant milestone last year with our customers’ booking an all-time high of over 1 billion room nights on our platform, which was an increase of 17% versus 2022. Gross bookings of $151 billion increased 24% versus 2022. In 2023, we reached a new revenue record of over $21 billion, which was 25% higher than 2022. We achieved this strong top line result while improving our profitability with record adjusted EBITDA of $7.1 billion, an increase of 34% versus 2022, and our adjusted EBITDA margin expanded by over 2 percentage points year-over-year. Our non-GAAP earnings per share of about $152 increased 52% year-over-year and was 48% higher than our prior full year all-time high back in 2019. Across all of our key metrics in 2023, we were a meaningfully larger and faster-growing business than we were in 2019. Our ambition going forward in a normalized growth in market for the travel industry is to continue to grow our gross bookings, revenue and earnings per share faster than we did in 2019. We are confident we will achieve these objectives because we’ve invested in building a stronger business and better product offerings for our travelers and partners that we had back then. We can see this in many areas, but I will highlight a few examples of where we have strengthened our offering relative to 2019. We now have a scaled up merchant platform at Booking.com, which processed first half of Booking.com’s gross bookings in 2023. Our merchant offering brings many benefits to our travelers and partners as well as new strategic benefits to us, including the ability to merchandise. We have continued to scale up our offering at Booking.com since in 2019, with total company air tickets booked in 2023 up more than 400% over that time frame, primarily driven by Booking.com. We see this vertical bring new customers to our platform while delivering a more complete offering to our existing customers making travel planning and booking easier for them and creating opportunities to provide more value to them. On alternative accommodations, we continue to increase the mix of our alternative accommodations room nights, which treats 33% of Booking.com’s room rights in 2023 as we improve our product offering and increase our supply choices with further opportunities ahead, particularly in the U.S. Early, we are pleased that for Booking.com, we have created foundations necessary to offer insurance, attractions and ground transportation options and expect these offerings to add value to our connected trip vision. On marketing, we’ve improved our abilities in using performance marketing channels even more effectively and are now better focused on our brand spending. On loyalty, we’ve expanded and enhanced our loyalty program, Booking.com to deliver more benefits to more of our traveler customers with more of our property and rental car partners participating. And lastly, we are continuing to strengthen the direct relationship with our travelers as our mobile app room nights and total direct room nights continue to increase in our mix. We remain confident in our long-term outlook for the travel industry, which we believe will grow faster than GDP growth across our core markets. With that foundation of industry growth and the improvements we’ve made to strengthen our offerings, we are positive about our future and believe we are well positioned to deliver attractive growth across our key metrics in the coming years. With our long-term positive outlook, solid financial performance and strong balance sheet, we returned over $10 billion to shareholders during 2023 by repurchasing our shares. Returning capital to shareholders will remain a high priority for the company going forward. And today, we are taking another important step in that journey by announcing that our Board of Directors has declared a quarterly dividend to complement our existing share repurchase program. David will provide further thoughts on our approach to capital returns in his remarks. In addition to our strong financial results in 2023, we made meaningful progress against our key strategic priorities, which include: advancing our connected trip vision, further integrating AI technology into our offerings, supporting our supply partners and growing alternative accommodations and building more direct relationships with our traveler customers. Let me address the progress we have made in each of these areas. On the connected trip, we continue to take steps towards our long-term vision to make planning, booking and experiencing travel easier, more personal and more enjoyable, while delivering better value to our travelers and supplier partners. We believe this is important because we know the current travel experience is much more complicated, fragmented and frustrating to travelers than it should be. The contribution aims to greatly improve that experience for consumers which we believe will drive further differentiation of our offerings and lead to improved loyalty, increase direct bookings, higher frequency and a greater share of total travel spend on our platform over time. This is good not only for our travelers, but also for our partner suppliers who will be able to utilize different elements of the connected trip to obtain additional business in an efficient and lower cost way. As we continue to make progress in developing the connected trip, you will see incremental improvements and enhancements to our platform that moves us closer to this long-term vision. This approach allows us to realize benefits while we are building towards that future state. In fact, some of the key improvements to our platform over the last few years that I spoke about earlier were driven by our work on the connected trip. For example, our emerging platform at Booking.com is a foundational base to the connected trip, and it helps deliver a more seamless and frictionless booking experience for our travelers. Plus, it enables us to smartly merchandise a variety of partner and self-supply offers when appropriate. Another example would be the development of flights on Booking.com, with flights being one of the most important elements of travel outside of accommodations. In 2023, air tickets booked on our platforms increased 58% year-over-year driven primarily by the growth of Booking.com site offering. We continue to see a healthy number of new customers to Booking.com through the flight vertical, and are encouraged by the right that these customers book other services on our platform. Outside of flights and accommodations, we need solid progress in expanding the breadth of our attraction supply that is available to our travelers. While we do not expect attractions to be a major financial contributor on its own, we see benefits from a strong attractions offering given the potential bundling opportunities as we will see ability to increase traveler engagement with the app while travelers are in destination. Overall, we believe we have made great progress in building toward our Connected revision and we are starting to see early signs of the benefits. We continue to see a growing percentage of transactions, which we count as connectors though these are still a small percentage of our total transactions today. Importantly, we see these types of customers returning to us more frequently, and we point to experiment with expanding Genius program to include all travel verticals in 2024, which we expect will drive more value to travelers across the different elements of the connected trip. We plan to continue to build out our Connected Trip vision, which we believe will result in increased travel and supplier engagement with our platform. In order to achieve the easier and more personalized experience of the Connected Trip, we have always envisioned AI technology playing a central role. Over the last few quarters, I have discussed the hard work our teams have been doing to integrate generative AI into our offerings in innovative ways, including Booking.com’s AI trip planner and Priceline’s generative AI travels – named Penny. After launching Booking.com’s AI trip planner in the U.S. last summer, we expanded the rollout to the UK market in the fourth quarter. At this early stage, the team remains focused. I learn more about customers who want to interact with the tool and what types of questions they will ask. We see the AI trip planner is getting better answering customers’ inquiries and we are excited to start testing other verticals out of accommodations. At Priceline, last week, they announced their weaker product release, which included several enhancements to Penny following 6 months of real-world interaction with users that resulted in valuable learnings from the Priceline team. Priceline’s AI travel assisted product can now help travelers be on just the hotel category as it now covers flights, car rentals and vacation packages. While was nicely launched at the end of the booking funnel on the checkout page, it is now available on the Priceline homepage where it can help with travel planning, booking and modifying a trip as we booked. This is a clear example of how our teams iterate and enhance our AI-powered products as we learn more through user interactions. We continue to see encouraging signs that Priceline’s Penny product helps lower customer service contact across travel verticals, and we believe, improves the customer experience. Beyond improving customer service contact rates, we believe that, over time, we can leverage generative AI technology to help make our customer service agents more efficient across our entire Outside of customer service, we continue to explore areas where we believe we can use generative AI tools to increase productivity. We have early indications that using generative AI enhances the productivity of our software developers and are encouraged by the results so far. We look forward to experimenting with these and other ways Gen AI tools might make our business more efficient in the future. Turning to our supply partners. We strive to be a trusted and valuable partner for all accommodation types on our platform. And we look to add value for our partners by delivering incremental bookings and developing products and features to help support their businesses. The majority of our partners are small independent businesses, and we are pleased to see many are reporting significantly improved business performance over the last year. We believe that helping our smaller partners thrive contributes to the long-term diversity and sustainability of our sector. One area in which we work with many small independent businesses is through our alternative combination offering comp. This is an area which we have continued to strengthen our business, increasing supply and raising product awareness on many travelers. Also combination room nights grew 19% year-over-year in the fourth quarter and 24% for the full year, which was faster our traditional hotel category. We saw meaningfully higher growth in our U.S. alternative accommodation room nights, though this is all a relatively small Globally, alternative accommodations represented about 33% of Booking.com’s total room nights in 2023, which was 3 percentage points higher than in 2022. Our strong trend of accommodation room nights growth is benefiting from having more listings available on our platform were travelers to choose from. We are seeing continued momentum in annual turn combination supply both globally and in the U.S. with global listings reaching about 7.4 million by the end of 2023, which is about 12% higher than the 6.6 million last year. We’re focused on continuing to build on this progress by further improving the product for our supply partners and travelers, particularly in the U.S. For our travelers, we remain focused on building a better experience that leads to increasing loyalty, frequency, spend and direct relationships over time. I am encouraged that in 2023 at Booking.com, we had strong growth in our base of our peak bookers, demonstrating strong retention, while we’re also pleased with the increase in the number of new users to our platform versus 2022. We’re also strengthening the direct relationship with our travelers as our mix of customers booking directly on our platforms continues to increase year-over-year in the fourth quarter and when measured for the full year. We see a very high level of direct bookings in the mobile app, which is an important platform as it allows us more opportunities to engage directly with travelers. Our mix overnight through our mobile apps increased year-over-year by about 5 percentage points for the full year to 49%. Booking.com remained the number one downloaded travel app in the world in 2023. In Asia, Booking.com and Agoda are top five travel apps. And in the U.S. Booking.com, Priceline and OpenTable are all in the top 10 travel apps. We will continue our efforts to enhance the app experience to build on the recent success we have seen here. Finally, I want to briefly address a regulatory matter that’s impacting the financial results we are reporting today. The Spanish Competition Authority has issued a draft decision alleging infringement by Booking.com of Spanish competition law and then intends to issue a fine of $530 million. We could not disagree more with this draft decision and the arbitrarily large fine that they imposed, which is completely disproportionate to the alleged conduct. If the draft decision were to become fine, we plan to appeal. The success of our business is built on a mutually beneficial and balanced partnership with our millions of hotels and other accommodation partners around the world. We provide exceptional choice, value and service for travelers and we provide a marketplace for hotels and other partners that allows them to attract travelers from around the world at lower cost than many other marketing channels. We have a clear track record of cooperating with many competition and consumer authorities to find amicable and workable solutions to their concerns, including working with the year being commission on the Digital Markets Act. As we have previously disclosed, we plan to file our notification for designation under the DMA suit. And we believe the main concerns raised by the Spanish Authority overlap with the DMA. We will continue to work closely with these regulatory bodies to maintain consistent rules. And most importantly, we will continue to ensure that we are offering the best possible platform to our partners and our customers. In conclusion, I am encouraged by the strong fourth quarter results and the continued of leisure travel demand. Our teams continue to execute well against our key strategic priorities, which helps position our business well over the long-term. We continue our work to deliver a better offering experience for our supply partners and our travelers. We are confident in the long-term growth of travel and the opportunities ahead for our company. I will now turn the call over to our CFO, David Goulden.
David Goulden: Thank you, Glenn, and good afternoon. I will review our results for the fourth quarter and provide some color on the trends we see in the first quarter and – on 2024. All growth rates are on a year-on-year basis unless otherwise indicated. We will be making some references to the comparable periods in 2019 where we think these are helpful. Information regarding reconciliation of non-GAAP results to GAAP results can be found in our earnings release. We will post our prepared remarks to the Booking Holdings Investor Relations website after the conclusion of the earnings call. One housekeeping item before discussing our results. We have reclassified digital services taxes into sales and other expenses and out of G&A expense. Due to the highly variable nature of GSTs, which are tied to the revenue earned in the countries where GST are enacted. We have provided a table with two areas of updated quarterly financials in our earnings press release that reflects this chain P&L geography, and all of my comments on this call will also reflect the change. Now on to our quarter results. Our room nights in the fourth quarter grew 9% year-over-year and 21% versus 2019, which was slightly better than our expectations of about 9% and 20%. Excluding Israel, Q4 room rights were up 11% versus 2022 and 22% versus 2019. Looking at our year-over-year room nights by region in the fourth quarter, Asia was up mid-teens Europe was up low double digits, Rest of World was up low single digits, and the U.S. was flat. All regions improved from October. The average booking window of Booking.com expanded in Q4 versus the same period in both 2022 and 2019, but was a bit less expanded than it was in the third quarter.  In Q4, mobile app mix of about 53% was about 5 percentage points higher than the fourth quarter of 2022. We continue to see an increasing mix of our total room nights coming to us through the direct channel. The direct channel increased as a percentage of our room nights in the fourth quarter relative to the fourth quarter of 2022. The international mix of our room nights in Q4 was 50%, up from about 48% in the fourth quarter of 2022 and reaching about the same level as the pre-pandemic Q4 mix. Our cancellation rate in the fourth quarter was slightly higher than Q4 2022, impacted by the war in the Middle East. As we expected, the higher overall cancellation in October normalized by the end of the quarter. For our alternative accommodations at Booking.com, our Q4 room night growth was 19% year-over-year, and the global mix of alternative body room nights was about 32%, which was up versus about 29% in the fourth quarter of 2022. Q4 gross bookings increased 16% year-over-year or about 15% on a constant currency basis, which was ahead of our expectations. The 16% increase in gross bookings was 7 percentage points higher than the 9% room night growth due to about 4% higher accommodation constant currency ADRs, plus over 1 percentage point of positive impact from each of FX movements and flight bookings. Our year-over-year ADR growth was natively impacted by regional mix due to higher mix of room nights from Asia. Excluding regional mix, constant currency ADRs were up about 5 percentage points year-over-year. Despite higher ADRs in the fourth quarter, we have not seen a change in the mix of hotel star rating levels being booked or changes in the length of stay that could indicate that consumers are trading down. We continue to watch the dynamics closely. Airline tickets booked in the fourth quarter were up about 46% year-over-year, driven by the continued growth of Booking.com’s flight offering. Revenue for the fourth quarter exceeded our expectations, increasing 18% year-over-year or about 17% on a constant currency basis. Revenue as a percentage of gross bookings was 15.1%, which was about in line with our expectations. Marketing expense, which is a highly variable expense line increased 9% year-over-year. Marketing expense as a percentage of gross bookings was about 30 basis points lower than Q4 2022 due to higher ROIs in our paid channels and a higher mix of business. Performance margin ROIs increased year-over-year, helped by our ongoing efforts to improve the efficiency of our marketing spend. Marketing and merchandising combined as a percentage of gross bookings in Q4 was about 15 basis points lower than last year, which was better than our expectation due to lower merchandising expense, higher direct mix and better performance marketing ROIs. Q4 sales and other expenses as a percentage of gross bookings were up about 20 basis points compared with last year and also about 20 basis points above our expectation normalize for the DST reclassification, due in large parts to higher accounts receivable provisions related to our decision to delay some collections during the partner payment issue we discussed last quarter. We do not expect this to be an ongoing issue. More fixed expenses in aggregate were up 21% year-over-year, which was below our expectations primarily due to lower personnel and IT expense as well as due to the DST reclassification. 21% is calculated usually on non-GAAP expenses in both Q4 2023 and Q4 2022. Adjusted EBITDA of almost $1.5 billion was ahead of our expectation and was up 18% year-over-year and would have been about 22% on a constant currency basis. Separately, Q4 adjusted EBITDA was negatively impacted by a $37 million loss recorded in other income related to the devaluation of the Argentinian peso, which is not factored into our prior guidance. This reduced Q4 adjusted EBITDA margin by almost 1%. Non-GAAP net income of $1.1 billion resulted in non-GAAP earnings per share of $32 a share, which was up 29% year-over-year. Our average share count in the fourth quarter was 9% below Q4 2022. Our non-GAAP results exclude $276 million or expense in personnel related to a ruling in the Netherlands pension fund matter and $530 million of expense in G&A related to a draft decision by a Spanish Competition Authority. I’d like to provide some perspective on each of these. As Glenn mentioned, we strongly disagree with the draft decision and unprecedented fine proposed by Spanish Competition Authority, which we plan to appeal if it becomes final. The appeal process could take a few years. During any appeal process, we would expect to influence some changes to our business practices in Spain, we do not currently undertake that these will have a significant impact on our business. Turning to the Dutch pension case. In January, the court of appeal in the ruled the most Booking.com employees in the Netherlands should enroll – in a travel industry-wide pension fund. The liability we recorded in our Q4 results is for prior periods related to this pension plan. We’re working through how we align this travel industry-wide plan with the existing pension plan we offer to our employees in the Netherlands. We expect there will be some increase in our pension plan costs in the Netherlands going forward, but we do not expect these to be material. On a GAAP basis, we had net income of $222 million in the quarter. When looking at the full year, we are pleased to report that our – 2023 room nights grew 17% year-over-year, and our gross bookings grew 24% and about 25% on a constant currency basis. Our full year revenue was over $21 million, which was up 25% year-over-year and up similarly on a constant currency basis. Full year revenue as a percentage of gross bookings was 14.2% in 2023, which is up slightly versus 14.1% in 2022. For the full year, there is more than 0.5 points of positive impact from timing as well the benefit to take rates from increased revenues associated with payments, but this was mostly offset by an increase in the mix of flights, an increase in Asia mix has really recovered and by our increased investments in merchandising. Our underlying accommodation take rates continue to be in line with 2019 levels. For the full year, our marketing plus merchandising at Booking.com as a percentage of gross bookings was 5.6%, down from 5.9% in 2022, driven by marketing efficiencies and direct mix. The 5.6% in 2023 is still up from 5.5% in 2019 and are leading into a recovered travel market more than offset gains due to increased direct mix. For the full year, the direct channel as a percentage of our room nights, continue to increase in mix. When we exclude our B2B or business-to-business, our direct mix was in the low 60% range for the year. Our full year EBITDA was more than $7 million and was up 34% year-over-year and up about 37% on a constant currency basis. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 33%, which was 12 percentage points higher than our adjusted EBITDA margin in 2022 and in-line with our expectations at the start of the year. Our full year non-GAAP earnings per share was about $152 a share, which is up 52% year and up about 58% on a constant currency basis. Now on to our cash and liquidity position. Our Q4 ending cash and investment balance of $13.1 billion was down versus our Q3 ending balance of $14.3 billion due to the $2.4 billion in share repurchases we completed in the quarter partially offset by the $1.3 billion of free cash flow we generated in the fourth quarter. For the full year, we generated $7 billion in free cash flow. We repurchased over $10 billion worth of shares in 2023, taking our remaining repurchase authorization down to $14 billion and reducing our year-end share count by 9% versus 2022 and by 16% versus 2021, which is just before we restarted our share repurchase program. As we think about our capital structure and allocation framework going forward, we remain focused on appropriately investing in our business and growing returns for our shareholders while maintaining our strong investment-grade credit ratings. Given our confidence in our earnings power, strong free cash flow profile and our ability to consistently shareholders, we are announcing today that our Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $8.75 per share to complement our existing share repurchase program. The dividend is payable March 28, 2024 to shareholders record on March 8, 2024. We believe the introduction of a dividend will allow us to enhance our capital return program and further expand our base of investors. In terms of composition of capital returns, we expect the share repurchases will represent the vast majority of our total capital return to shareholders going forward. We continue to expect to complete the $24 billion share repurchase authorization we announced early 2023 within 4 years where we started, which would be before the end of 2026. We reiterate our previously stated gross leverage target 2x, and our goal to move to a 1x net leverage over time. The initiation of a dividend does not change our thinking around these targets. Now on to our thoughts for the first quarter of 2024. All growth rates are on a year-on-year basis. Given that we’re now beyond the COVID period, when granular short-term information was helpful in assessing the path – we’re returning to our historical guidance approach with outcome range for the full quarter ahead and less detail on monthly trends and individual P&L line items. Based on the solid travel demands we’ve seen so far in the first quarter, we expect Q1 room night growth to be between 4% and 6%. We expect the ongoing war in the Middle East have a negative 1% impact on Q1 room night growth. We’re also comparing with a strong start to the year in 2023 when we started to see an expansion of the booking window. January room night growth was above the high end of that range. As we move through the quarter, every room bank growth will benefit from an extra day, our March room night growth will be hurt by Easter being in March. We expect these to roughly offset each other. We expect Q1 gross bookings growth to be between 5% and 7%, about 1 percentage point faster than room night growth due to slightly higher accommodation constant currency ADRs and faster growth from flights, partially offset by about 1 percentage point of FX pressure. We expect Q1 revenue growth will be between 11% and 13%, faster than Q1 bookings growth due in part to the Easter shift, which we expect to bear the Q1 revenue by about 3 percentage points. We expect a similar native impact on revenue growth in Q2. We expect Q1 adjusted EBITDA to be between $680 million and $720 million, which at the midpoint would be 19% year-on-year growth and about a 1 percentage point increase in EBITDA margin. We expect EBITDA margin to bank from market expenses growing slower than revenue and growing similar to gross bookings, which we expect will more than offset our fixed OpEx growth growing slightly faster than revenue. As we set our course to the full year ahead, I want to first address our longer-term ambition for growth in our business. As we’ve discussed previously, in a more normalized market environment, we’re aiming to achieve constant currency growth rates for gross booking revenue and earnings per share that are higher than what we achieved in 2019. This would remain growing above 8% for each of the top line metrics and about 15% for earnings per share. We believe we’ll be able to achieve these levels of growth, given the investments we made to build a stronger business and a better offering for our travelers and partners versus what we had 5 years ago. At recent FX rates, we expect changes in FX will negatively impact our reported growth rate by a little more than 1 percentage point. With that framework and with FX in mind, we expect to grow our full year 2024 slightly faster than 7% and including the assumption that the war in the Middle East will negatively impact our full year 2024 growth rate by 1%. We expect revenue for the year to grow at similar rate to our gross bookings growth. We expect a more fixed expense in 2024 to grow in the low to mid-teens. We are planning to leverage from these more fixed expenses in 2025. We expect 2024 adjusted EBITDA will grow slightly faster than revenue, largely due to expectations for an increased direct mix. We expect adjusted EBITDA margins to expand year-over-year by a bit less than a percentage point. Lastly, we expect EPS growth to be above 40%. In closing, we are pleased with our Q4 results, our Q1 outlook and our expectation in 2024 to grow faster than 2019 across gross bookings, revenue, adjusted EBITDA and EPS with exceeding EBITDA margin year-over-year. We expect 2024 to be another strong year for us. We’ll now move to Q&A. Sarah, will you please open the lines?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Justin Post with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Justin Post: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. One for David, and I guess this might be your last call, I would love to hear about your – who you are on CFO transition. But the guidance, is January growing above the 4% to 6% for room nights? I thought January might have tougher comps. So, maybe talk a little bit about the shape of the quarter. And then maybe bigger picture for Glenn. Just was wondering, you have so much data as the share leader in room nights. How do you think the AI transition could play out for booking? And do you think you have some advantages versus search engines or your peers? How you are thinking about that? Thank you.
David Goulden: Yes, Justin thanks. Let me take the first one, and handover to Glenn for the second one. So, yes, as I have said in my remarks, just to reiterate, January is – did grow faster than the high end of the 4% to 6% range that we talked about. It did benefit, we believe, slightly maybe in the range of about 1% from the shift of Chinese New Year this year, which we expect to be offset in February. And as we said, we would expect therefore, February and March to have a lower growth rate, in January, essentially consistent with our prior guidance of expecting deceleration during the quarter.
Glenn Fogel: Thanks Dave for that. And Justin, AI, obviously incredibly important subject for everybody in any business right now. And I think I talked about it at the last call and have been talking about it a lot whenever I speak about how important this is for anybody who is looking to the future to create something that could be transformational. We are very early, as I have said in the past. I like pointing out the things that we have done so far and some of the early signs we see that this is going to be just fantastic for us. Nobody knows how long it will take. One of the things I love is us being in a position because of our financial position, because of the number of people we have who have capabilities to look into this. Because of the data we have, as you pointed out, that people can then be able to use it to create models and use it in ways that are complementary to other people, are doing in terms of creating large language models and so on. I do believe we have an advantage because of our size and scale and the capabilities of our people to create something in all parts of the business, whether it would be, as I discussed, things that help the traveler, which are the sort of products there or helping us in the back part of our business, the back office and make these more efficient, going throughout. I think we do have an advantage, of course, we will see over time how well and how quickly we can actually translate that into better numbers in terms of margins, in terms of more people coming to us, people increasing loyalty, etcetera. But I am very encouraged with what I am seeing so far. And I certainly believe that we do have the full position here in the travel industry.
David Goulden: Justin, just before we hand back to the operator for the next question. I just want to reiterate two other things I said about the Q1 room night guide. This is growth after the impact of about a point of hurt from the Middle East. And of course, we are comping against a very strong start to last year when we saw room nights of the booking window moving from a contracted position to an expanded position in the first quarter that also created some strong results in Q1 last year. So, you have to factor those things into account as well.
Justin Post: Great. Thank you. And David, this is your last call. We will miss you. Thanks for all the work over the years.
David Goulden: Thanks Justin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Kopelman with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Kevin Kopelman: Thanks so much. I wanted to ask about marketing. First, merchandising was only up slightly in the mix or only up slightly as a percentage of GBV, I should say, 2023. Do you feel that that’s reached a steady state in the mix, or do you see incremental pushes this year in merchandising? And then on advertising, are you seeing any changes to the bidding environment?
David Goulden: Okay. Yes. So Kevin, so we have now, I think as you characterize, we can ask here with our merchandising activities that’s been something that we have been ramping up over time, Booking.com. And I think we now kind of deploy it in place in where we plan to deploy it. So, it has reached more of a state and new store, only a slight increase in merchandising in total from last year to this year as a percentage of GBV. So, when we kind of look at our model going forward, we do expect that across marketing merchandising with our continued increase in direct mix, that can be a source of leverage for us. And of course, as I mentioned in my commentary about the full year, that will be the biggest driver of our EBITDA margin expansion this year and will be joined by OpEx next year. And then relative to the competitive environment, it stays competitive. I mean these are very competitive markets. There are many players in there. I think people realize it’s not just the OTAs, there are meta players, there are hotel players, there are chains you name it, a lot of people are bidding in these marketplaces. So, I think it just remains competitive, but we are pleased with how we are doing in a competitive marketplace.
Glenn Fogel: And Kevin, just a reference back to Justin’s question about AI and data and merchandising, how we do it, etcetera. One of the great things I really see about our position is that using data, using all things you know to merchandise smartly. Do it where we think it’s going to give us an advantage and not do it where we are just giving away money. And I really see as all as AI technology develops further, as we begin to optimize over time, with all the different parts of the connected trip, we are going to be able to provide value to both the travelers and be able to get our suppliers to help provide merchandising opportunities and us doing an intelligent way. So, it’s win for the traveler, win for the partner and us as the people are doing all this, we will also win.
Kevin Kopelman: Great. Thanks Glenn.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Mark Mahaney: Okay. Thanks. Two questions, please. In terms of your guidance for the full year on the margins side, what are you embedding in there in terms of marketing or sales and marketing spend and merchandising spend as a percentage of bookings? Are you assuming a little bit of leverage in there? And I am sorry if you covered that in your published comments, but if you could answer that. And then secondly, on the buybacks in Q3, I think they were a little – in Q4, I think they were a little bit lower than in Q3, was that your intention? Was there a particular reason why you maybe – may have been a little less active than the market in Q4? Thank you very much.
David Goulden: Alright. Thank you, Mark. I will take those. So, as I have said in the prepared remarks, the biggest driver of leverage we expect this year on EBITDA margin going to be from our direct mix increase, which means that we will have a small sustain to the business, which has paid a higher percent of mix and therefore, we would expect to get some leverage on marketing and merchandise. We expect to continue to be aggressive and still lead into the markets where we are spending money on paid marketing and we don’t necessarily – we are offsetting anything about our ROI on that to tip any hand, but we would expect that it would be the direct mix increase. It will be the driver of leverage in marketing and merchandising therefore would be the driver of improvement in our EBITDA margins. On the buybacks in Q4, I think they are roughly same in size to Q3. At the start of Q4, where share price was lower, we said if the share price stays at a lower level, we will buy more in Q4 than we did in Q3. Share price moved up during the quarter, and we take share price into account when thinking about the level of buybacks and of course we have taken the long-term view. But in the short-term, we do moderate based upon how share price moves. So, that’s perhaps why it’s being a little bit less than you may have expected. A little bit less than we perhaps indicated on the last earnings call, but still a big number and still over $10 billion for the year as you see a significant reduction in our share count…
Mark Mahaney: Thank you, David. It makes a lot of sense. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Doug Anmuth: Thanks for taking the question. I just want to follow-up on the full year outlook. I mean it sounds like you are very confident in the business overall. Just does the full year outlook reflect just normalization of trends in ‘24? The tough comp and the Middle East impact that you mentioned, is there anything else to consider here? Thanks.
David Goulden: Yes. I think there is a couple of things to bear in mind in the full year outlook. Bear in mind, we talked about our framework. So, we said that we would grow faster than 8 and 8.15 on a constant currency basis. And we are saying we are going to do that with the impact of the Middle East on slowing our business down. So, I think that is a positive outlook. Of course, we have adjusted the numbers to a reported number. So, when you include the FX shift at current rates of roughly 1%, then the 8, 8.15 becomes 7, 7.4. But again, it’s essentially 8, 8.15 on a constant currency basis, and we expect to be higher than that even with roughly a point of hurt to the business on the top line and the bottom line from what’s happening in the Middle East. So, it’s consistent with our framework and I believe is confident of our position of the travel market and our continued ability to gain share in travel.
Doug Anmuth: Thank you, David.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking my questions guys. I have two sort of on the U.S. The first one, when you talk about the U.S. being flat, does that include alternative accommodations? So, is the hotel business in the U.S. actually declining then? That’s the first one. And then just sort of, Glenn, as you look into 2024, what are the investments you have to make in the U.S., both on the hotel side as well as the alternative accommodation side to sort of drive more and more durable, consistent growth from here?
David Goulden: Yes. I will start with the first one, back to Glenn, the second one. So, U.S. was flat for the quarter, but bear in mind, it was down in October. And October, it was driven very much by the kind of ripple shock effect of the – what was happening in the Middle East. So, therefore it was back into growth mode in November and December in order to put our plant for the quarter. So, I wouldn’t read too much into a whole quarter that you have got to kind of look what happened in October. Yes, that doesn’t call alternatives. As Glenn said, alternative grew very nicely in the U.S., but it’s a much lower mix of our business in the U.S. than it is in other parts of the world. So, again, I wouldn’t go too much into assuming that means that hotels are…
Glenn Fogel: Yes. And regarding – the question regarding how we are going to do even better in the U.S., we have talked about the numbers that we have shown so far. I am very pleased you look back to 2019, see what our steer was, that what numbers we then look at them now, it goes really fantastic growth and great work by the team. I think last quarter, I had out to the team then and I will do it again because they are doing fantastic work. One of the things is because the under-indexed, because we are smaller in terms of not clear [ph] of the U.S. versus other parts, this is a great opportunity for us. And I have talked about we have to continue to improve our product particularly in the alternative accommodation on account of that, and we have been doing that. And that’s why we have this large growth rate in the U.S. alternative accommodations. Very pleased to see that happening. They continue to provide to our hotel partners what they need and what they want is incremental demand. They don’t want us to be a provider to manage they think they can always get. And one of the great things about our team is working closely with our hotel partners. As you know, a lot of the U.S. is large chains, and we have developed, I think a very good relation with them to work together to help them, do what they need to do to achieve their results and us being a provider of those services and getting what we need, which is more bookings. I am pleased with the results we have done so far. And I think we have got a great opportunity to continue to do so for a long time.
Brian Nowak: Thank you both.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Lee with Mizuho. Your line is open.
James Lee: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Two here, I think Glenn, you talked about maybe increasing supply of home accommodation – alternative accommodation in the U.S. Can you elaborate, maybe talk about that plan a little bit, help us understand your strategy there. And also secondly, I think you guys talked about maybe on the loyalty program to include all verticals in 2024 would be great, you provide some details there as well. Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: Thanks James. And I didn’t quite get the second one. Let’s start with the first one, maybe in front of the second one. So, it’s interesting because in our last call, I went into a little bit about what do we need to do to increase that supply of alternative combinations. And I talked a little bit – and this is that high, it wasn’t the first time I talked about this. Where we have – while we are even into urban and rural and such, I have talked in the past, though, how we don’t have as many of the single properties that perhaps some of our competitors have less area down the road. But the whole idea is we want to do things efficiently and want do things effectively, which means it goes through the things where you can get larger groups of properties listing quicker by going to the big property managers who have a lot of them. That may be that you are going to end up with more things that are not with single home properties. But then after we have that enough, and that’s the low-hanging fruit after we got that comes, then we got to go on and start getting more of the single homes, etcetera. And I have expressed my own disappointment that when I look for a single property sometimes I have mentioned, at one point on the call about wanting to get something out in the Hampton and New York for the summer and not seeing enough properties for us. There is lots of opportunity. But I look at this as an opportunity, not as a negative, but then you look how well we are doing, even though there is all the other stuff to go out and get. That’s the way I feel about it, and I am pleased the way the team is going out. Look, 12% increase in our listings or $6.6 million, now over $7.4 million, I like the fact that we are increasing those numbers, doing it in a nice size and also particularly really like the fact that our growth rate of return on the combination was significantly higher than some other people in our space. So, I was very happy to see that. I didn’t catch the second part of James’ question.
James Lee: Yes, of course. The second part of the question is about your loyalty program Genius. I think Glenn you had mentioned you want to include all travel verticals into the program this year. And I was wondering if you can provide some details on that.
Glenn Fogel: Sure. Okay. So, what I would said is we are going to experiment. And we really see, we always want to experiment, where do things work, where do we see return for it, where do we see how this is working so well. So, we are going to continue to experiment and we do have, for example, rental cars well established into our Genius program. Obviously, our combination as well and we are going to experiment with all the different verticals. And the thing, is there a way to do in flights, is there a way to do it in track and how do we do it in terms of potentially even insurance, in all sorts of ways, our ride business when people need a ride from the airport to the hotel or hotel to the airport or from their home to the airport. Again, and this goes back to the first question, I think it was Justin asked about AI and about how you use data. And that’s kind of one of the key things is when you have these models, and you can figure out what the best way to provide a benefit, and that’s through our loyalty Genius program, that’s doing that in a way that it provides value to the traveler, that’s where they use us, that’s why they come back to us. That’s why they come to us direct. Maybe they will use the app because it’s so simple to do it. At the same time, Genus is primarily almost right now, primarily being funded by our partners because they see value in that. They see value in providing a discount or some other type of benefit that we put into the offering, so that the travelers will book, that supplier what they want to sell. And doing to get it in a scientific way in doing it in a way that is going to make sure that we are not leaving value out of the cycle in a way that’s not going to be beneficial to our supplier partners, doing it smartly, that’s the thing that I love. And that’s why we are going to continue to experiment on that. And I think it’s worked so well in hotels and I think it’s in a combination, alternative accommodations, I think this is going to work great in all of it. But we will see after we expand it.
James Lee: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks so much. Maybe following up on that last question from James, you talked earlier about connected trip and feeling optimistic about attach rates there, but still work to do. When you think about what you are trying to accomplish with Connected Trip longer term and you think about rising conversion, reducing friction. What do you put it down to? Is it consumer education? Is it supply? How should we be thinking about the building blocks behind connected trip to accomplish your longer term goals? Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: So, if the question was really how do we get from here early stage showing good signs, but it’s still small to scale and really showing the bottom line and top line and a loyalty and all those things, I think that – is that the question really?
Eric Sheridan: It is Glenn. Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: Yes. So, look, one of the things that we have to – and I have said this is a long-term path. And the first thing was we had to build the verticals to begin with. One of the fun things was to mention that we started Booking.com we got off the ground in 2019 and now put all our flight numbers together, you see 400% increase there that’s included, of course, Priceline had placed before that, where you just see the growth rate of flights right now, great. So, we got that vertical up and we got excellences up and attract is still early, but up. But these things – all of these things are the car rental was up, but we still do on that and of course the rides business and others. All of these things are at different levels of development, but still relatively new. And one of that, then we have to build all the modeling, all the ways to figure out what’s the best way to offer one versus the other, and make sure that we are doing it the right way. And then it’s working with our partner suppliers to provide us and prove out to them that this is worthwhile to them. All of these things take time. But I do like to say, we are seeing those signals. We are seeing the numbers. It is early and I am not going to do – I am sure you would like me to give you some numbers, say, here is what it’s going to be tomorrow. Here is what the next milestone. I am going to do that. And I can’t say I see we are on the right path.
Eric Sheridan: Great. Thank you. And thank you for everything David, congrats on the last call and good luck for everything.
David Goulden: Thank you, Eric.
Operator: That is all the time we have for questions. I will turn the call to Glenn for closing remarks.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. So, I want to thank our partners, our customers, our dedicated employees, our shareholders. And as mentioned by a couple of people on the call, I have to give out a very special thank you to my very good friend and colleague, David Goulden. As you know, after 24 earnings calls as Booking Holdings CFO, he is retiring from this role and will be working on other areas of the business going forward. We greatly appreciate everything that David has done for this company, and we greatly appreciate everyone else’s support as well as we continue to build on the long-term vision of our company. Thank you very much and good night.
Operator: This concludes today’s call. We thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-02 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Booking Holdings Third Quarter 2023 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are not subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings' actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of Booking Holdings' earnings press release as well as Booking Holdings' most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to undertake publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings' earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings' website, www.bookingholdings.com. And now, I'd like to introduce Booking Holdings speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and David Goulden. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you, and welcome to Booking Holdings' third quarter conference call. I'm joined this afternoon by our CFO, David Goulden. I'm encouraged by the strong results we are reporting today and by the strong leisure travel demand environment that we continue to see. In the third quarter, our traveler customers booked 276 million, or more than a quarter of a billion room nights, which was an increase of 15% year-over-year, and we had gross bookings of $40 billion, which was an increase of 24% year-over-year. Room night growth versus 2019 was 24% in Q3. Both room nights and gross bookings were record quarterly amounts for the company, and both came in ahead of our previous expectations. Third quarter revenue of $7.3 billion grew 21% and adjusted EBITDA of $3.3 billion increased 24%, both versus Q3 last year, and both exceeded our prior expectations. Finally, our non-GAAP earnings per share in the quarter grew 36% year-over-year, and was nearly 60% higher than in the third quarter of 2019. Our earnings per share growth benefited from our improved profit levels, as well as our strong capital return program, which reduced our end-of-quarter share count by 10% versus the third quarter of 2022. Now, turning to October, we estimate that room night growth was about 8% year-over-year and about 20% versus 2019. Excluding Israel, we estimate these growth rates would have been about 9% and 22%, respectively. We saw a significant negative impact on our business in Israel, and there was some impact on travel trends outside of Israel. Nevertheless, we were encouraged to see global room night growth improve towards the end of the month. And David will explain more about October in his remarks. Overall, we continue to see resiliency in global leisure travel demand. And as we take a very early look ahead to 2024, we see strong growth on the books for travel that will take place in the first quarter of next year, though a high percentage of these bookings are cancellable. Given current trends, we expect customers and consumers will continue to prioritize travel over other discretionary spend in 2024. I firmly believe we are well-positioned to continue our work attracting customers and partners to our platform, while making progress on several important initiatives, which will help strengthen our business over the long-term. These initiatives include: one, advancing our connected trip vision. 2, further integrating AI technology into our offerings, 3; continuing to grow alternative accommodations, and four, building more direct relationships with our traveler customers. Starting with the Connected Trip: this is our long-term vision to make booking and experiencing travel easier, more personal, and more enjoyable, while delivering better value to our traveler customers and supplier partners. In the third quarter, we saw an increase in the percentage of transactions which we count as connected trips, meaning two or more travel components within a trip. Though still a small percentage of our total transactions today, it is encouraging to see an increasing number of our travelers booking more elements of their travel with us. Outside of accommodations, one of the most important elements of travel is flights, and we continue to focus on further developing our flight offering on Booking.com. In the third quarter, air tickets booked increased 57% year-over-year, driven by the growth of Booking.com's flight offering. To provide some context on how this has developed over the last few years, the 9 million tickets booked on our platforms during the third quarter were more than 5x the number of air tickets booked through us in Q3 2019. This significant growth of our flight offering at Booking.com over the last 4 years was achieved through our successful partnership with Etraveli. As previously announced, our proposed acquisition of Etraveli was blocked by the European Commission in September, a decision we will appeal. While we strongly disagree with the EC’s decision to block the deal, our commitment to building the flight vertical at Booking.com has not changed. In fact, we have extended our partnership agreement with Etraveli through at least the end of 2028, which means we anticipate continuing to work with them on improving Booking.com's flight offering over the coming years. We believe offering a compelling flight product alongside our accommodation, ground transportation, and attractions offerings, helps to create a better, easier, and more comprehensive travel booking experience for our travelers, and more opportunities for our partners. We will continue to build out our Connected Trip vision, which we believe will ultimately result in increased customer and supplier engagement with our platform. As we discussed last quarter, we have always envisioned AI technology at the center of the Connected Trip, and we have a long history of investing in AI technology and incorporating it in our platforms across our company. I previously spoke about the hard work our teams have been doing to integrate Generative AI into our offerings in innovative ways, including Priceline’s generative AI travel assistant, named Penny, and Booking.com’s AI Trip Planner. It is still very early days, but both teams are gaining valuable insights on booker questions, concerns, and behavior as the tools continue to interact with customers. At Priceline, we are seeing some encouraging signs of lower customer service contact rates, and we are exploring other areas across our business where we believe we can use generative AI tools to increase productivity For example, our brands are running projects using generative AI to enhance the productivity of our software developers with encouraging results so far. And we look forward to using these tools more widely in the future. I remain confident in our company’s ability to benefit from AI developments by improving our products for our customers and operating more efficiently over time. Turning to our supply partners: we strive to be a trusted and valuable partner for all accommodation types on our platform, and we look to add value for our partners by delivering incremental demand and developing products and features to help support their businesses. During the quarter, some of our partners at Booking.com experienced delayed payments due to a planned upgrade to our finance and payment platforms in early July. We have now cleared the backlog of outstanding payment issues related to this system upgrade. We plan to provide compensation to partners who experienced an extended delay, and we recorded this in our Q3 results. We plan to communicate to all partners who were impacted by these payment delays within the next few days We continue to focus on strengthening our alternative accommodations offering at Booking.com by increasing supply and raising awareness among travelers. In the third quarter, alternative accommodation room nights grew at about 24% year-over-year, which was faster than our traditional hotel category. Alternative accommodations represented about 33% of Booking.com's total room nights, which was 3 percentage points higher than in Q3 2022. We are seeing continued momentum in terms of alternative accommodations supply growth both globally and in the U.S., with global listings reaching about 7.2 million by the end of the third quarter, which is about 9% higher than Q3 last year. We aim to build on this progress by continuing to improve the product for our supply partners and travelers, particularly in the U.S. For our travelers, we remain focused on building a better experience that leads to increasing loyalty, frequency, spend, and direct relationships over time. In the third quarter, our mix of customers booking directly on our platforms continued to increase year-over-year. We see a very high level of direct bookings in the mobile app, which is an important platform as it allows us more opportunities to engage directly with travelers. For the first time ever for our company, over 50% of our room nights were booked through our apps in the third quarter, which is about 6 percentage points higher than in Q3 2022. This is a remarkable achievement considering the mix of our mobile app room nights in the third quarter of 2019 was about 18 percentage points lower than it was in the third quarter this year. We will continue our efforts to enhance the app experience to build on the recent success we have seen here. In conclusion, I am encouraged by the strong third quarter results and the continued resilience of leisure travel demand. Our teams continue to execute well against our key strategic priorities, which helps position our business well for the long-term. We continue our work to deliver a better offering and experience for our supply partners and our travelers. We are confident in the long-term growth of travel and in the opportunities ahead for our company. I will now turn the call over to our CFO, David Goulden.
David Goulden: Thank you, Glenn and good afternoon. I'll review our results for the third quarter as well as our thoughts for Q4 and the full year. All growth rates for 2023 are on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise indicated. We will be making some references to the comparable periods in 2019 where we think these are helpful. Information regarding reconciliation of non-GAAP results to GAAP results can be found in our earnings release. We will post our prepared remarks to the Booking Holdings investor relations website after the conclusion of the earnings call.  Now onto our third quarter results. We are pleased to report 15% room night growth in Q3, which was a few percentage points better than our expectations. Looking at our year-on-year room night growth by region in the third quarter, Asia was up about 35%, Rest of World was up mid-teens, Europe was up low double digits and the U.S. was up low single digits. Compared to 2019, our Q3 global room night growth was 24%. The average booking window at Booking.com expanded in Q3 versus the same period in both 2022 and 2019, and was a bit more expanded versus the prior year periods than it was in Q2. In Q3, our mobile apps represented over half of our total room nights for the first time ever. The Q3 mobile app mix of about 51% was about six percentage points higher than the third quarter of 2022. We continue to see an increasing mix of total room nights coming to us through the direct channel. The direct channel increased as a percentage of our room nights in the third quarter relative to the third quarter of 2022. The Q3 international mix of our total room nights was over 50%, up from about 45% in the third quarter of 2022. The Q3 international mix was in line with 2019 levels, similar to the second quarter. Our cancellation rates in the third quarter were slightly higher than Q3 2022, but were slightly below Q3 2019. Cancellation rates were the same as in Q2. For our alternative accommodations at Booking.com, our Q3 room night growth was about 24% year-over-year and the global mix of alternative accommodation room nights was about 33%, which was a few points higher than Q3 2022. Q3 gross bookings increased 24% year-over-year, or 21% on a constant currency basis. The 24% increase in gross bookings was 9 percentage points higher than the 15% room night increase due to about 4% higher accommodation constant currency ADRs, plus about 3 percentage points of positive impact from FX movements, and also due to about 2 percentage points from flight bookings. Our year-over-year ADR growth was negatively impacted by regional mix due to a higher mix of room nights from Asia and a lower mix of room nights from the U.S. Excluding regional mix, constant currency ADRs were up about 7 percentage points year-on-year. Despite the higher ADRs in the third quarter, we have not seen a change in the mix of hotel star-rating levels being booked or changes in length of stay that could indicate that consumers are trading down. We continue to watch these dynamics closely. Airline tickets booked in the third quarter were up about 57% year-on-year driven by the continued expansion of Booking.com's flight offering. Revenue for the third quarter exceeded our expectations, increasing 21% year-over-year, or about 18% on a constant currency basis. Although we had a stronger-than-expected Q3 from a room night and gross bookings perspective, the outperformance versus our expectations was mostly driven by mainly bookings that are for travel in future quarters. As a result, we did not see all of the revenue benefit in Q3 from these incremental bookings. Revenue as a percentage of gross bookings in Q3 was 18.4%, which was lower-than-expected due to this timing effect. Our underlying accommodation take rates continue to be in line with 2019 levels. Marketing expense, which is a highly variable expense line, increased 13% year-over-year. Marketing expense as a percentage of gross bookings was about 50 basis points lower than Q3 2022 due to higher ROIs in our paid channels and a higher mix of direct business. Performance marketing ROIs increased year-over-year helped by our ongoing efforts to improve the efficiency of our marketing spend. Marketing and merchandising combined as a percentage of gross bookings in Q3 was about 30 basis points lower than last year, which was a little better than our expectations, driven by the improved performance marketing ROIs. Q3 sales and other expenses as a percentage of gross bookings were up about 10 basis points compared with last year, a bit better than our expectations. About 51% of Booking.com's gross bookings were processed through our payments platform in Q3, up from about 40% in Q3 2022. For the total company, 56% of gross bookings were merchant, up from about 45% in Q3 2022. Our more fixed expenses in aggregate were up 24% year-over-year, which was below our expectation, due to lower personnel and personnel related expenses. We continue to manage our more fixed expenses very carefully. On a GAAP basis, our more fixed expenses were up 33% year-over-year and included a $90 million accrual in G&A expense for the termination fee related to the acquisition agreement for Etraveli, this accrual was excluded from our non-GAAP results Adjusted EBITDA was $3.3 billion in the third quarter, which was up 24% year-over-year, and would have been up 22% on a constant currency basis. This was also ahead of our expectations. Non-GAAP net income of $2.6 billion in the third quarter resulted in non-GAAP EPS of $72.32 per share, which was up 36% year-over-year. Our average share count in the third quarter was 9% below Q3 2022 and 16% below Q3 2019. On a GAAP basis, we had net income of $2.5 billion in the quarter Now on to our cash and liquidity position. Our Q3 ending cash and investments balance of $14.3 billion was down versus our Q2 ending balance of $15.7 billion due to the $2.6 billion in share repurchases we completed in the quarter, partially offset by the $1.3 billion of free cash flow generated in the third quarter. We repurchased $7.7 billion of our shares through the first three quarters, which represents 8% of our year-end 2022 share count. The repurchases so far this year take our combined authorization down to $16 billion from the total of $24 billion we discussed earlier in the year. Our buyback program takes our share price into account and at current share price levels we expect to spend more on buybacks in Q4 than we did in Q3. We remain comfortable with our ability to complete the full $24 billion of share repurchases within 4 years from when we started the program at the beginning of this year, assuming no major downturn in the travel environment. Now onto our thoughts for the fourth quarter of 2023. In October, we estimate year-over-year room night growth was about 8%, down from 15% in Q3 due in part to a tougher year-on-year compare, as well as the war in the Middle East. When comparing versus 2019, October room night growth was about 20%. Excluding Israel, October room nights grew about 9% versus 2022 and about 22% versus 2019. The 22% growth versus October 2019 excluding Israel is a little lower than the 24% growth we saw in Q3 versus 2019. Looking across our major regions, in October we saw Asia year-on-year growth of room nights without 15%, Europe up about 10%, and the U.S. and Rest of World were down slightly. The impact of the Israel-Hamas war is seen most in the Rest of World growth numbers. Israel on a booker plus inbound travel basis is about 1% of our global room nights. The Middle East, including Turkey and Egypt, on a booker basis is about 4% of our global room nights. Globally, we saw a slowdown starting the second week of October due to cancellations and a drop in new bookings after the start of the war in the Middle East. The cancellations we saw that started in the second week of October were concentrated in Israel, but we also saw some impact on travel trends outside of the country as people absorbed the news. We were pleased to see room night growth recover towards the end of the month. Our comments for the fourth quarter make the assumption that room night growth will be up about 9% year-over-year. When comparing versus 2019, this means we expect Q4 room night growth to be about 20%. This outlook assumes that there is no further expansion of the war in the Middle East. We expect Q4 gross bookings to grow about 5% -- points of about 5 points faster than room nights on a year-on-year basis due to a couple points from higher accommodation constant currency ADRs, including some pressure from changes in regional mix, as well as a couple of points from continued flight bookings growth. We expect Q4 revenue as a percentage of gross bookings to be about 15%, which would be higher than Q4 last year due to benefits from timing. We expect Q4 marketing expenses as a percentage of bookings -- gross bookings to be slightly lower than last year. We expect marketing and merchandising combined as a percentage of gross bookings in Q4 to be slightly higher than last year as we continue to look for opportunities to lean in. We expect Q4 sales and other expenses as a percentage of gross bookings to be about in line with last year as the higher merchant gross bookings mix is offset by efficiencies in payments costs. We expect our more fixed expenses in Q4 to grow a couple of points faster year-over-year than it did in the third quarter. Taking all this into account, we’d expect Q4 adjusted EBITDA to be just over $1.4 billion. Our year-to-date results plus our fourth quarter commentary means that for the full year we expect room nights to grow in the mid-to high-teens year-over-year. We currently expect full year gross bookings growth of over 20% year-on-year. We currently expect revenue as a percentage of gross bookings to increase year-on-year by about 10 basis points, down from our previous expectation for a 20 basis point increase due to higher bookings growth and a longer booking window, which reduce the expected benefit from timing. We continue to expect full year marketing and merchandising as a percentage of gross bookings to be slightly below 2022, and for our more fixed expenses to grow around 25% year-over-year. We manage our more fixed costs very carefully and continue to expect our more fixed expenses next year to grow at an appreciably lower rate than this year. We continue to expect that our adjusted EBITDA margins will expand by a couple of percentage points versus 2022. In closing, we are pleased with our Q3 results, the trends we are seeing into Q4 and with the bookings we have already received for early 2024. We are now [technical difficulty].
Operator: Absolutely. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney with Evercore. Your line is open.
Mark Mahaney: Thanks. I will ask two questions, please. Glenn, I think just at the very beginning you mentioned something about March quarter, a visibility into the March quarter. Is there anything in particular that you were trying to hint at or point to the areas of that, because the bookings went as a little longer than you get. Do you have more visibility into the March quarter than you typically do. And then secondly, the David the room night growth, upside this quarter that came in a little bit faster than your guidance. What would you attribute that to was at a particular region that contributed to that or was that the alternative accommodations that came in a little bit stronger than you thought. Just the sources of room night growth upside in the quarter. Thank you very much.
Glenn Fogel: Hi, Mark. I was not saying that I see more than I normally do. I'm just saying I was very pleased to see this resiliency in global leisure travel demand and saying that we're looking at 2024, we're seeing strong growth on the books for travel. And that's going to happen in the first quarter. So it's just reinforcing my belief that travel is healthy. And we're looking forward to continue healthy travel.
David Goulden: Yes, Mark, to answer your question relates a little bit to what Glenn just said. Our upside in the quarter, our room night growth was driven by travel -- expect by stronger travel demand across the peak season and along the booking window. If you remember, we said that coming into Q3, we have exceeded -- we see the booking lengthening of the booking window in Q1, Q2. And therefore we expected fewer last minute bookings in Q3. Well, the last minute bookings in Q3 were a little lower than we would have expected any year when we didn't have that long booking window. But what we got were more bookings for longer periods of time out there. So the booking window actually expanded in Q3. And that created the situation that Glenn talked about where we now looking into the first quarter of next year, because of the strong demand we saw for bookings, a lot of which are outside of the quarter plus the window means that our Q1 on the books situation is much stronger than it has been prior to the current situation.
Mark Mahaney: Okay. Thank you, Glenn. Thank you, David.
David Goulden: I would also just comment that the over performance we saw versus our expectation was across all different regions, I wouldn't call one region out. We actually did that and we expected in all regions when compared to our guidance, looking at the actual for the quarter for room night growth.
Mark Mahaney: Okay. Thank you, David.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Post with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Justin Post: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe one for Glenn and one for David. Glenn, you've been working on Connected Trip for a long time. Obviously, a lot of progress with air and other areas. If this vision really works out, what does it mean for Bookings financials? And do you think you're accelerating the pace of progress there? And then for David, we see the U.S., which reopened first at kind of low single-digit growth. How are you thinking about Europe comps next year? And can you just remind us of your kind of relative exposure by geography? Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: So, Justin, hello. And I have been talking about the Connected Trip for a while, because I do believe that really is a differentiator in the long run, and why someone would come to us and continue to come to us rather than another way to do their travel. So in the long run, of course, if somebody's coming direct, because they really enjoy the way we do it versus an alternative that of course, the lower the marketing cost, you wouldn't have to reacquire that, that customer. It's interesting because the small send small data, but we do see people who book more than one element with us currently, we do see some benefits the person coming back more frequently, and a higher direct. So I like that. And I think we can do a lot more with them. Now, one of the things that we're not the only person doing this, of course, in this competition, because I think a lot of people see this. And now, on top of this, the whole benefits of generative AI, along with all the AI work we've been doing for a long time. And we see the potential to create a much better experience in discovery, planning and executing your travel in a way that if we do this, right, we may be able to greatly accelerate the growth of the company, because it really is transformationally different versus just incrementally different. And that's what we're striving for. Now, that's not going to happen tomorrow, you know that I know that it's not going to happen next week, next quarter. Not going to happen next year. It's going to take time to get all this built out. But what I'm really pleased about is seeing historically, we said what we're going to do, and we've been doing it, and we're showing markers along the way, hitting milestones, hitting a slight growth rate still, 57% of air ticket booking I talked about talking about, that's 5x greater than 2019. We said we're going to do it, and we did it, and we're going forward. In so many of these other areas where I believe that people are frustrated in the way they travel now. We can do it better. We'll achieve great things, both for the traveler, of course. We're going to achieve great opportunities for our partners to give them more opportunities to get more business working with us. And then of course, together those things will end up with a great derivative, which is more value for the shareholders. That's what we're trying to do. And I'm really pleased to where we are.
David Goulden: Yes, thank you, Glenn. And then, Justin, relative to your question. Yes, we were pleased to see room night growth year-over-year in the U.S market. Don't forget, in the U.S., our room nights are over 30% higher than they were in 2019. So we have made significant strides in terms of advancing our overall position in the U.S., if you compare that with market growth rates are probably more likely recovered versus 2019, not up by 30%. When we think about next year, I don't want to get into too much detail. But I will give you a couple of things to think about. I'd say that when you look across all the regions, if you look at where travel as a percentage of GDP is going to wind up in 2023 compared to where it was in 2019, it still has some recovery, before it fully gets back to the percentage of GDP. It used to be in 2019. So I think that provides upside. I'd also say that, as Glenn said in his comments, and as we see, we do see consumers continue to crack and travel of other discretionary expense items, we don't see any reason why that should change based on current trends. And then also just relative to our own view of the business, we're still committed to our milestones we gave you and said we will continue to grow faster post COVID than we were before on the top line and bottom line and consequently basis, that was 8% bookings on revenue, 8% on bookings, 8% on revenue, 15% earnings per share or constant currency growth rates in 2019. And whilst we're not talking about even specific, around 2024, we are still sticking to those overall guidelines and outlooks.
Justin Post: Thank you, Glenn. Thank you, David. Very helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Kopelman with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Kevin Kopelman: Thanks a lot. Could you comment on the outsized growth in alternative accommodations that you saw in Q3? I think in Q2, the growth was closer to the overall growth. So what were the drivers there any regions and then I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: So, Kevin, why don’t I start and David can add on anything I fail to add in. Obviously, very, very pleased with that number. That's a really good growth rate. And when we compare it to some other people in the space, I'm very impressed by what we've been able to accomplish. And I will shout out to the whole team that works on alternative accommodations. But there's some again. I've been talking about for some time about, we need to improve the product, we need to make people aware of it. And by doing that, we'll get more business. And that's what we've been doing. Now I can do all the things I've talked about them in the past, and we continue to do things to make it a better product. And there's still a lot of things that need to be done to make it even better. And that's what we're going to keep on doing. There's no magic bullet. No, no silver bullet and tell, here's how it came about. It comes through a lot of hard work and a lot of different ways of just grinding away, cranking out making it better talking with the suppliers who have these properties, making sure we're marketing appropriately when people want that property, they can find it and they see it. All those things together will enable us to achieve what I think was a very, very good print on the growth rate there. But I'll tell you, we're not there yet. And I mentioned look, I want to increase the supply a lot more look, it's great. 9% increase. So I mentioned in my prepared remarks and the increase up to 7.2 billion listings. That's great. That's good. But I know there are a lot of areas we need to add even more, particularly in the United States, because that's the place that I want to use our product. Because if I look for anything, and I don't see it. Well, to me, that's upside down. We're doing great right now. And I still see so much opportunity ahead because for example, we don't have enough properties in certain areas and other product features that we need to improve upon. All together. I look at this great opportunity. We're going to well, and we will do it even better in the future. I hope and David, anything specific to add to that? Okay.
David Goulden: Nope, nope. Thank you. That was great.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking my questions. The first one, let me just ask about the U.S. a little bit. You've made some really good progress in the U.S. post COVID, but it has decelerated quite a bit, and now it even down in the most recent months. So Glenn, I guess the question is, as you look into 2024, what are the keys to sort of reaccelerating that U.S. growth from here to sort of contribute to your goal of growing faster post-COVID than you were pre-COVID. So what drives U.S. growth from here? And then secondly, any quantifiable metrics or factors you can share with us on progress on Genius and the Loyalty program over the course of the summer into the fall?
Glenn Fogel: Yes, sure. Thank you, Brian. So, the U.S is not that much different than any other geography in terms of the elements that help create growth are providing a better product. Enabling people to be able to find the properties they want, at the right price, and the easiest thing to do and if anything goes wrong, given great customer service. That's the playbook. And yes, I -- some of the numbers look a little funky. And of course, COVID is really create all sorts of things, different geographies come out faster than others. So you're comparing a year-over-year, and maybe it looks like a deceleration and then there's domestic and international events, I think a good way to look those like compare back to 2019. And the fact is, we've achieved, we've accomplished some great things in terms of increasing our share in the U.S. And we keep on doing what we have been doing. And that will continue to increase that share. And I just mentioned in the previous question about our alternative accommodations, which is important part of growing out of the U.S. And another thing is also you mentioned Genius. So I'll switch over to there. -- and that is continue to develop the Genius program in a way that continues to provide not only great value to the traveler, which of course, is an obvious one, but it's providing opportunity for our partners to be able to get incremental demand when they need it, where they need and how they need it. Working that together is a way for us to provide a better opportunity for both sides of this marketplace to achieve greater value for both sides. And I think that we have that great thing, layer on all those other things we talk about with the whole idea of the Connected Trip. Bring in more of the Generative AI stuff. And altogether, I think this is a good playbook to try and continue to grow our share in the U.S. And again, we've been doing it for some time now. So I'm really pleased with where we stand.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lloyd Walmsley with UBS. Your line is open.
Lloyd Walmsley: Thanks. I had a couple, if I can. First, it sounds like you're still talking about holding this lean in posture on marketing with the leverage on I think marketing plus merchandising in 4Q. As growth slows, should we expect to see you all moderate that posture and get more leverage? And I guess looking at markets, like the U.S growing low single digits? Are you still holding that that posture there? Or are you kind of bifurcating the strategy differently as different markets are perhaps more recovered. Anything you could share there would be great. And then the second one would just be sort of related. But as more than half of room nights are now booked through the mobile app, should that also be an increasing driver of marketing leverage? Or do you think just escalating pricing in performance channels offsets that, so it's kind of balance that? How should we think about that? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: So Lloyd, let me talk a little bit about this and all we do and add other facts that he wants to add in here. And I want to be very careful here. Obviously, the one thing I don't want to do is give away our [indiscernible] ideas and all the things we're going to play with our competitors listening in on this. So you'll understand it, while it'll be a little bit general in this. But one of the things I continue to try and talked to the team about is we need to be nimble. We need to be agile, and we need to be able to be smart and move into markets, where we see opportunities and pull back in other places where we think we're not going to get the right ROIs. Whether that be a geography, whether it be a channel, would that be developing a entire product, whatever it is, I don't look at any of these in a different way. I look at all together holistically. What we're trying to do to achieve growth at the right type of profitability levels. And we're going to continue to do that. Right now, as David said, we have a lean-in position because we see opportunity here. Time can -- these things can change depending on the time. And certainly, the idea is to say I'm going to do this for a long-term period is it's a nice thing to say, but who knows what the world is going to be like, and as we all see, unfortunately, the world can change very, very rapidly. So we'll continue to do this, and this is our profile right now the way David explained those numbers for what we are going to disclose right now. But you should always recognize that we have an overall view of how to do things, but we will be willing to change, depending on circumstances. Regarding the mobile app, I talked about, David, why don't you just take in terms of how that will apply to our numbers going forward.
David Goulden: Yes, Lloyd, I'd add a couple of comments. So first of all, just to kind of pick up on what Glenn lets off on the leading in. We are leading into a recovery marketplace. I said, there's still on one of my other answers, there's so some recovery of travel as a percentage of GDP post-COVID left tap into 2024. We haven't seen it fully recover yet. So there are still opportunities to do that. You'll notice though, that we are in lower spending more on marketing, merchandising, in 2023, than we did in 2019. We are getting leverage relative to what we spent in 2022. As a couple things happen. One as our direct mix increases, and of course mobile is highly correlated to direct mix. The majority, the vast majority of all our mobile -- of all of that mobile app bookings are in fact direct bookings, so that helps as well. So and then you did make a reference, I would just say to Q4, and I wouldn't read too much into Q4. Here's how I would explain why we expect to get some deleverage in marketing in Q4, relative to the other quarter where we've shown leverage. It's really quite simple. We're having a strong year, and we decided to invest in some additional programs in Q4 that will help us finish the year well. And to build on our momentum going into 2024. So that was us. It's very conscious. Again, we are not going to go into the playbook in terms of what they are or where they are, but we recognize that we're doing well this year financially, delivering great EBITDA and results. So we are leaning a little bit in Q4 to position us well, the first year and going to 2024 strong. Again, that's what we are doing. Not driven by any [indiscernible] in the marketplace is our conscious decision. Of course, we'll still create leverage on marketing merchandising for the full year.
Lloyd Walmsley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Doug Anmuth: Thanks for taking the questions. Glenn, you talked about expecting a strong 2024. Just curious if you have any more color on how you're thinking about the outlook for ADRs next year. I think you said it was a 4% increase in 3Q. Any more thoughts there would be helpful. Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: I will let David talk about what you wants to [indiscernible]. I don't think we talked about 2024. I think we talked first quarter. I will let David, clarify whatever he wants to clarify.
David Goulden: Yes, Doug, I mean, the 2024 conversation, we're going to have that when we get into February next year, I really don't want to have -- how that now. We've told you a little bit about the strength of the on the books in the first quarter given the strength of bookings in the booking window. And we talked a little bit about our framework for growth post-COVID hasn't changed. So I want to keep anything beyond that until we get to see a little bit more. We are talking to you next time, of course, we'll give you much more insight at that point in time. But it's too early to talk about the specifics of line items in the income statement in 2024.
Doug Anmuth: Okay. Thank you, David.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lee Horowitz with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Lee Horowitz: Great, thanks. Maybe following up on some of the comments around sort of the vacation rental industry? Can we talk a bit more about sort of the U.S vacation rental business. Glenn, you talked about growing supply and building product functionality in order to continue to grow that. [Technical difficulty] getting this incremental products rolled out and getting supply to the place where you are competitive relative to some others in the market. So how do we think of sort of the timeline and maybe even the investment dollars needed to get that business to the place where you want to get it to?
Glenn Fogel: Hi, Lee. Well, you won't be surprised, I'm not actually going to give out the details exactly how and what level and what amount of money we're going to put to work out and what the methods are. I will say that the best way to look at this and look at what we've done historically. And where the numbers have been going and how the growth has been going. That's the best indication for you in terms of thinking forward, how -- what we're going to end up in result, and the results going to be. I will say that it's fairly obvious to be looked at our site and tries to find homes in certain properties and in certain parts of the U.S., you can see perhaps you don't have enough of them in those areas. So it would not be illogical to think that's where we'll start going to. As we talked in the past, we think that there is a lower hanging fruit for us in properties that are controlled or managed by larger groups of properties, makes it easier for us to get that. So I'm not giving anything away here. When I say, well, we'll let us go there first, and let's be sure we're doing that. And for example, you may have noticed that recently started doing the request on demand type of thing, where a person doesn't automatically be able to book instantly. And that's a product improvement because some people in, let's say, higher quality or higher value properties. Perhaps the owner or the manager did not want to have an instant booking and want to have a chance to do it on request basis. So that's an improvement thing. So we'll continue to roll out all these different things that we think will make our property -- our product as good as anybody else's, it applies the money to the appropriate marketing to make sure people are aware of it, and that will enable us to continue the growth that we've seen so far, I hope.
Lee Horowitz: Helpful. Thanks. And then maybe one follow-up on perhaps another air of the low hanging fruit. Can you comment at all on anything you're seeing in terms of APAC outbound travel pattern, travel patterns, and how much room there may be in this travel quarter sort of cover back to pre-COVID levels. Should we be thinking -- thinking of this travel pattern as a source of premium growth in the medium term?
Glenn Fogel: I'm not sure the term premium growth, I'll just say, well, we talked a little bit about, look, we talked some time about different geographies coming back faster in other areas. Asia was certainly the one who was last. And of course, it looks good when you're starting to see the, nice growth rate those regions as the other ones start getting more normalized. It's a nice thing to say. It's certainly outbound for example, outbound China still significantly behind, when you look at any of the industry reports, and think how much lift do they have going out bond, et cetera. Although that's a small part of our business, not going to make a huge difference even when it starts to come back. So overall, look, we love to see that Asia is going to get back to where all the other parts of the world are -- and I really do and I understand the term premium that you mentioned, maybe explain that I could give a better explanation.
Lee Horowitz: I guess just faster growth relative to the core.
Glenn Fogel: Oh, faster. Okay. I thought maybe you're talking about more expensive travel or something?
Lee Horowitz: No, no, no, no.
Glenn Fogel: Okay, got it. Sorry. Thank you.
Lee Horowitz: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Eric Sheridan: Thank you so much for taking the question. Maybe come back to the topic of Air, where I understood on the comments about appealing Travel decision from the European Commission. If we go beyond that appeal and think about how you plan on building scale in a the supply side. I would love to know how are you thinking about some of the investments that are key to build that as opposed to possibly going down the acquisition route in Air. And where you've already deployed Air, especially markets like North America, can you remind us of what Air has done in terms of growing overall checkout baskets and return on trip side? Thank you so much 
Glenn Fogel: I will let David handle that last part. In terms of the appeal, the appeal will take some time. This type of court action is not going to happen overnight. I can't tell you exactly how long it will take, but it's not going to happen anytime soon. So I would not put anything in terms of what that will mean for [indiscernible] in the relative future. However, we do like the fact that we do have this new agreement with Etraveli, going out to 2028. That's really great. Also, as you know, it's not just booked many travel line. That's one area of our air business. We have Priceline. Of course, that's that company started Priceline or as an Air product. That was the first product. We have lots of good relationships with air travel there. I obviously am very disappointed by the European Commission's blocking, what I believe would have been an extremely beneficial transaction for the travelers, good for them, were they good for the partners, good for them. And together, this will create value, which, of course, would have come back to all the people involved in the company, whether they be for higher value for our shareholders, a higher value for our employees working on , et cetera. Very disappointing decision, we moved on. We will continue to develop this product. And by the way, it's been growing very nicely even though we didn't actually have possession of Etraveli, and yet, we still were able to reduce 57% increase in air tickets. David, I'll let you if you want to talk anything about basket size and things around if you do.
David Goulden: I can talk about where we are with some of the customer oriented dynamics around there, Eric, I think will be helpful. So we said this is about Booking.com, which is of course where Air is still relatively new and growing very rapidly. We said previously that over 20% of Air customers are brand new to us. We've never seen them before, that continues to be the case, as the business grows, which is very, very healthy. We also see that those new customers who are booking Air [Indiscernible] who've never booked anything prior to that with us, are doing a healthy attachment rate from into accommodation because these are brand-new customers. So you wouldn't expect that attachment ratio to be all that high, but it's quite healthy. Not quite as high as examples of what we're doing with Priceline where we've been doing that for many years. But it's certainly an encouraging attachment rate. What I would tell you, though, on the other side, of course, by definition, most of the air that we are selling is to existing customers, which you would expect. And there is a very good attach rate on those air tickets to accommodation because these customers know us from an a combination background in the first place. What I would also say is that we still have good data that says that customers who buy multiple things from us, whether they be the new customers or the existing customers buying air and the combination. We have good data that says that, that will drive better frequency, loyalty, future basket size, getting them kind of up that loyalty and frequency curve that we talked about to the higher value customers. So the dynamics around air are still healthy and they haven't changed. We are encouraged about them. And as you can see, they're helping us in multiple different ways.
Eric Sheridan: Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ron Josey with Citi. Your line is open.
Ron Josey: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Glenn, I wanted to ask a little bit more about AI. And just you talked about a little bit in your script as to consumer adoption of the booking tools, a trip planner. Wondering if this adoption is trending as you would have expected, I think we're still relatively early days. And you also mentioned the common around lower customer care costs because of AI. So any insights there would be helpful. And David, we don't hear too much about just the milestones coming out of COVID. I know they're there, we've talked about it, but just remind us a little bit more about the underlying assumptions of maybe the bookings and revenue growth. Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: Okay. AI. We only have so much time because I could go on for a long time on this, so I'll try and concise my thoughts on this. So as in all new technologies, the hype is always great, very beginning or [indiscernible] thing is going to be the greatest thing some slice bread, but then it takes longer than it takes to toast a slice to actually haven't needed. That's the thing about what we are seeing is that it's really exciting. I absolutely believe it's going to be transformative, but it's going to take a long time. And when I said in my prepared remarks about this is very early, it is very, very early. Now some of the stuff that we are seeing and that we have done enough so we see some data to see there are going to be some good benefits. So the example of the customer service example is, for example, you have a customer service agent, who actually is able to use a copilot, let's call it, with AI agent that helps enable that customers or agent answer the question or taking action much faster, than they would have been able to do previously. Particularly in terms of a number of years, the person has been a CS agent and maybe a CS agent has been there forever. They're instant how do everything perfectly is great and all that. But if you're a relatively new CS agent, this is going to be extremely healthy for that person. As you know, the turnover of CS agents is very great because there's a good efficiency productivity game there. Then everybody, I'm sure, has read lots about how coding can be greatly increased in terms of speed and efficiency, using some of these copilots in terms of coating. So there's another area, again, early stages, just seeing it, but we do believe that is going to do something like that. And then you go on into the things that we have for the customer. And the things like Priceline and their Penny product. We're a customer when they're about to buy something, there's a chatbot where they can put in a question because they get not sure they want to buy or not. And instead of having to go all the way back up the funnel to find the information they say, do they want to buy or not, using that chatbot, they can be instantly given an answer that will help convert that person into a buy much faster and actually not losing as much. And questions be everything one of the things that I've noticed is coming a lot is, can I bring my dog to the hotel. And actually, it can become quite a conversational type thing where, yes, you can't bring your dog and so, but my dog is a very big dog. How big is your dog and if you go back [indiscernible] that's using our information that we have -- that's all our current end using an LLM in combination [indiscernible] this type of chat relationship. That's really good. And then you can go to the other things, we're in the Booking.com AI product, which is really trying to create an itinerary, the discovery from the very top and going down. And then when it offers hotels, it integrates with our hotel condos [ph], you can book right data also very good. Now both those things relatively small usage of any of these things compared to the overall size of the amount of inquiries we get a number of bookings, we do in terms of the overall size of the company. But it's very encouraging that this stuff really does matter, and it's going to make a difference. Now the question would be how long until we get sort of that hit that inflection point, where people start saying, "oh, this is so much better. I don't know that yet. But we're going to keep on experimenting on all these things, increasing the efficiencies. So we can do things faster with a lower cost and at the same time, increasing things for the travelers to make sure they want to come and use our products and our services versus anybody else's. That's the plan right now, and I like it. And David, I'm not sure what the second question was.
David Goulden: Yes, I will talk a little bit about a framework for post-COVID recovery because I think that's important. So we've committed that when the dust settles and the market goes back to normal growth rates, whenever that is, we'll be a larger and faster-growing business. Delivering more EPS and faster-growing EPS than we did before. So larger and faster growing on the top line and the bottom line. So why do we think that is the case? Well, we will have made a ton of progress. So the comparison point is 2019. If 2024 is the year that we get to normalized growth rates, it will be 5 years later. If it's 2025, it will be 6 years later. But the business is so fundamentally different in, the business we had in 2019. I think we need just to step back and remind you of that. So, what we've done since 2019 and mainly around Booking.com, but other parts of the business have also contributed as well. Back then, we were mainly, an accommodation mainly hotel, mainly agency business. So since then, we have added a significant alternative accommodation business, which is now very sizable and now we're trying to be for growing quickly. We have -- back then, we did very little in payments. Now over half of our business is transacted through Payment. So we built out our payments platform, which is enabling better service for customers and partners. We have built out air taxi and car capability, we didn't have back in. Back in 2019, we were great at performance marketing. We didn't do much around merchandising. We've now developed a big merchandising arm and capability, but also we've refined our performance marketing tools to the level where we really think we can lean into recurring marketplaces and gain share more aggressively than we did back then. And then, of course, we've added our Genius program and enhanced it significantly. So we believe that we have made huge strides since 2019, which is our comparison point when we grew at 8% on the top line, constant currency bookings and revenue. And of course, this year, we are going to be a lot bigger than we were in 2019. But you add all those capabilities together, and we believe we have a fundamentally different and more competitive business that's providing more value to our customers and partners and is much, much for towards the vision of the Connected Trip than we had back then. And that's why we are confident that we can grow faster and have a bigger business that grows faster on the top line and the bottom line than we had in 2019. That is the framework.
Ron Josey: Super helpful. Thank you both.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Colantuoni with Jefferies. Your line is open.
John Colantuoni: Thanks. Thanks for taking my questions. A couple for me. So as more bookings come through the app, I'm curious how repeat rates have trended among more recent cohorts on the app or whether you're seeing any diminishing returns and stickiness as you move beyond early adopters into the longer tail? And second, are you seeing any patterns in behavior like demand strength in higher priced hotels that's giving you confidence in consumers' continued continuation of prioritizing travel spend over other forms of discretionary spend next year? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: Let me just take that last one, and then I'll let Dave. I'm not sure what we disclose and what we don't disclose about your first question. Obviously, it's an important one. So we say -- and we've said this several times, several quarters [indiscernible], the same question keeps coming up in different forms of -- do we see any softening? Do we see anything decline? Do we see a decrease in star rating? Do you see a decrease in length of stay and things like that. We say no. And that's what we'll be -- no and no. In terms of why we believe that discretionary spending will continue to travel versus other things, that's obviously a lot of the survey. So I can maybe a whole bunch of things that are independent, third-party actual people are saying they're going to do etcetera. Here's something more important though. And I really try and stress this is how important the long is in terms of how we think about the business and increasing value. So if we agree that over time, GDP for the world will continue to increase and per capita GDP will continue to increase. It's fairly logical that as people get wealthier, they're going to spend more of their money on things that are services or experiences than they are things. Once you going rich enough to have, let's say an apartment, you have one apartment in generally or you have one sofa. You're not going to buy a sofa each year. What you're going to do is you need to get more money is you will travel either more frequently or in a higher level of style travel or you'll do both. And we see that over and over again, when you go look at countries and you see what the amount of the -- ease to look at his international travel, which is a higher I think you know that's going to be a higher level for some people. And you see, as the GDP for a person there goes up. You see the amount of going outbound travel increases, too. So that's why I believe that this is in the long run. We have a great tailwind. The trial will continue to be one of the things that people always are going to want or there's a lot more of it. And thus, provide a great service, our job is get a safer share, a bigger piece of that pie that is going to continue to grow. And you grow a little bit faster than global GDP. That's why I believe we have a great future here. And Steve, I don't know what we talked or do not disclose regarding his question regarding apps.
David Goulden: I'll be really quick because we got over time. But there are multiple ways you can book on our property on our platforms directly. You can book directly through the app, book directly on the mobile web and book directly on a desktop or laptop. The app is by far the stickiest those in terms of repeat rates return rates. And of course, the app is where we're kind of designing to optimize the experience around the Connected Trip, because not only do we want you to be able to book all elements through the app, but also goes with you on the trip, that doesn't usually happen when you book and print something on one of the other platforms. So it's very important for us. It's a big effort. It's where the Connected Trip is moving towards. And then what I would just leave you with as a final sort of course, not all customers are created equally and the higher value customers who do more business, where spend more of their total spend with are higher usage of both app and direct by an appreciable amount, compared to the average customer. So the app is very much at the center of that thinking.
John Colantuoni: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: And with that, I will hand the call back over to Glenn Fogel for closing remarks.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. I want to thank our partners, our customers, our dedicated employees and our shareholders. We appreciate your support as we continue to build on the long-term vision for our company. Thank you, and good night.
Operator: This does conclude the conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-03 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Booking Holdings Second Quarter 2023 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are not subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings' actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the safe harbor statements at the end of Booking Holdings' earnings press release as well as Booking Holdings' most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to undertake publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings' earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings' website, www.bookingholdings.com. And now, I'd like to introduce Booking Holdings speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and David Goulden. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you, and welcome to Booking Holdings' second quarter conference call. I'm joined this afternoon by our CFO, David Goulden. I am pleased to report that in the second quarter we continue to see robust leisure travel demand which helped drive the strong results we are announcing today. The 268 million room nights booked in the second quarter increased by 9% year-over-year and gross bookings of $39.7 billion grew 15% year-over-year and was the highest quarterly gross bookings ever. Both room nights and gross bookings came in ahead of our previous expectations as a result of the favorable demand environment. Revenue growth of 27% in Q2 also nicely outperformed our expectations. The strong top line results in the quarter combined with better-than-expected marketing efficiency helped drive our Q2 adjusted EBITDA to about $1.8 billion which is an increase of 64% versus Q2 last year, and meaningfully exceeded our prior growth expectations of about 35%. Looking at the month of July we have seen an acceleration in year-over-year room night growth relative to the 9% growth we reported for Q2. We estimate July room nights increased by about 20% year-over-year benefiting from the easier comparison to July 2022. Overall, we have been very pleased to see our strong performance in the first half of the year which has benefited from the continued strength and resiliency of overall travel demand. Our solid start to the year combined with what we currently believe will be a new all-time high for Q3 summer travel period results and an improved outlook for the full year which David will discuss in detail in his comments. While the near-term results and outlook are encouraging we remain focused on what is important for the business for the long term which means making the necessary investments to strengthen and grow our enterprise while simultaneously remaining cost conscious. We are seeing progress and momentum across several important initiatives, which will help strengthen our business over the long term. These initiatives include advancing our Connected Trip vision, further integrating AI technology into our offerings, continuing to grow alternative accommodations, and building more direct relationships with our travel bookers. Starting with the Connected Trip: this is our long-term vision to make booking and experiencing travel easier, more personal, and more enjoyable, while delivering better value to our traveler customers and supplier partners. To be clear, this is not a discrete product we will introduce at some point in the future, instead this is a meaningfully enhanced way for a booker to experience and utilize Booking.com. Over time you will see incremental improvements and enhancements to our platform that move us another step closer to this long-term vision, and importantly, this approach allows us to realize benefits while we are building towards that future state. We believe that the current travel experience is much more complicated, fragmented, and frustrating to travelers than it should be and, eventually, our Connected Trip vision will greatly improve it via technology. Looking at the other side of the travel marketplace, we believe that our supplier partners will also benefit greatly from the Connected Trip as it will provide more opportunities to personalize and merchandise their offerings. We continue to build out our Connected Trip vision and have much more work to do, but we are pleased with the progress we have seen so far and expect it to ultimately result in increased customer and supplier engagement with our platform.  We have always envisioned the Connected Trip as having AI technology at its center. Across our company, we have a long history with investing in AI technology and incorporating it into our platforms in order to optimize interactions with both our travelers and partners. This is an area where we believe we are well positioned given we have built strong teams of AI experts and gained valuable experience from using AI extensively for years. In addition to the many current applications for AI on our platforms, we believe that we can build an even more compelling and differentiated offering for our bookers if we can leverage AI technology to deliver a more personalized booking experience: A Connected Trip that would be more responsive to a booker’s needs and help manage different aspects of their trips. Generative AI may play an important role in delivering that Connected Trip experience to our bookers, and our teams have been hard at work to integrate this exciting technology into our offerings in innovative ways, for example, In early July, Priceline unveiled its 2023 Summer Release, which delivered over 40 new booking tools and upgrades, including Penny. Penny is Priceline’s generative AI travel assistant. Priceline has currently positioned Penny at the “end-of-the-funnel” on the checkout page where Penny can answer travel related questions that a customer may have when they have reached the checkout page. Penny is built on Priceline’s own proprietary technology and data, and also leverages large language model technology to power its conversational capabilities. The combination of these technologies allows for innovations like the ability to make a booking directly in the chat interface. The Priceline team is rapidly gaining insights on booker questions, concerns, and behavior as Penny continues to interact with customers. The plan is to further enhance Penny over time by leveraging those valuable learnings. Around the same time as Priceline’s Summer Release, Booking.com launched its own AI Trip Planner, which began rolling out on the mobile app in the US to Genius customers. In contrast to Penny the AI trip planner sits towards the top of the funnel, where travelers are in the discovery and planning processes for their trips. Built upon the foundation of Booking.com's existing machine learning models that recommend accommodation options to millions of travelers on the platform every day the AI trip planner is also partially powered by large language mall technology to create a conversational experience for people to start their planning processes. The AI trip planner advances planning by providing travelers with a rich visual list of destinations and properties including Booking.com's live pricing information with deep links to view more details on the options. From the chat interface of the AI trip planner bookers can tap on any recommended accommodation they're interested in and then complete the reservation. Accretive to our approach here is to marry our own proprietary data and machine learning models with degenerative AI technology. This allows us to provide a conversational interface with the traveler while leveraging our own recommendation engine to provide accurate detail and real-time information on the property recommendations. Like Priceline, the Booking.com team is already gaining valuable insights from the interactions with bookers even though the trip planner is in beta and is still currently in a relatively limited rollout. While we are excited by these new advances at Booking.com and Priceline it is of course still very early days and we have much more to learn about how customers will ultimately want to interact with this new technology. In addition, we mentioned last quarter that [indiscernible] like Kayak were Experian [ph] with AI plug-ins. And we will continue to examine all areas of our company to ensure we are taking advantage of AI-created efficiencies. We are confident in our company's ability to benefit from AI development and improve our products for our customers given our many years' experience in AI our travel-related data and connections to our supply partners and our human and financial capital. Across our businesses, we have two equally important customers our travelers and our supply partners with each representing one side of our marketplace. For our supply partners, we strive to be a trusted and valuable partner for all accommodation types on our platform and we look to add value for our partners by delivering incremental demand in developing products and features to help support their businesses. One area of focus for us on the supply side continues to be our alternative accommodation offering at Booking.com. Alternative accommodation room nights grew faster than our traditional hotel category at about 11% year-over-year for the second quarter and represented about 34% of Booking.com's total room nights, which is two percentage points higher than in Q2 2022. This is a new all-time high mix of our total room nights. We are pleased to see continued momentum in terms of alternative accommodation of supply growth both globally and in the U.S. with global listings reaching about $7 million by the end of the second quarter which is about 8% higher than Q2 last year. We aim to build on this progress by continuing to improve the product for our supply partners and travelers particularly in the U.S. For our travelers, we remain focused on building a better experience that leads to increased loyalty, frequency, spend and direct relationships over time. In the second quarter, our mix of customers booking directly on our platforms continue to increase year-over-year. We see a very high level of direct bookings in the mobile app which is an important platform as it allows us more opportunities to engage directly with travelers and we believe will result in increased traveler loyalty. About 48% of our room nights were booked through our apps in the second quarter which is about six percentage points higher than in Q2 2022 an acceleration in the mix shift compared to Q1 and all-time high in terms of mix of bookings coming from our mobile apps. We will continue our efforts to enhance the app experience to build on the recent success we have seen here. In conclusion, I am encouraged by the strength of travel demand so far this year and signs of what we expect to be a record summer travel season. Our teams continue to innovate and execute well against our key strategic priorities which helps us position our business well for the long-term. We remain focused on delivering a better offering and experience for our customers both our supply partners and our travelers alike. We are as confident as ever in the long-term growth of travel and the opportunities ahead for our company. I will now turn the call over to our CFO, David Goulden.
David Goulden: Thank you, Glenn and good afternoon. I'll review our results for the second quarter as well as our thoughts for Q3 and for the full year. All growth rates for 2023 are on a year-over-year basis unless otherwise indicated. We will be making some references to the comparable periods in 2019, where we think these are helpful. Information, regarding reconciliation of non-GAAP results to GAAP results can be found in our earnings release. We will post our prepared remarks to the Booking Holdings Investor Relations website, after the conclusion of the earnings call. Now on to our second quarter results, again it's a tough year-over-year comparison in the second quarter, due to a strong rebound in travel after Omicron in Q2 last year. We were pleased to have blurred 9% room night growth in Q2 which was a few percentage points better than our expectations. Looking at our year-over-year room night growth by region in the second quarter, Asia was up over 40%. Rest of world was up low-double digits. Europe was up a couple of points and the US was down slightly. It's helpful to remember that the US was very strong last Q2 and stronger than Q1 and Q3 versus 2019 due to a rebound from Omicron. Compared to 2019, our Q2 global room night growth was 26% which was in line with Q1. For the second quarter, all our major regions grew at a similar rate versus 2019. In Q2, the booking window of Booking.com expanded further versus 2019 than it did in Q1. The Q2 booking window of Booking.com also expanded versus 2022. As Glenn mentioned, our mobile apps represented about 48% of our total room nights in the quarter, which was about six percentage points higher than the second quarter of 2022. We continue to see an increased mix of our room nights coming to us through the direct channel. The direct channel increased as a percentage of our room nights in the second quarter relative to the second quarter of 2022. For the first time since the onset of the pandemic, in Q2, we saw the international mix of our room nights fully recover to 2019 levels. Our cancellation rates in the second quarter were higher than Q2 2022 as the second quarter of 2022, benefited from the strong recovery in new bookings following the relaxation of travel restrictions in many parts of the world post-Omicron. Our cancellation rates in the second quarter continue to be below 2019 levels. For our alternative accommodations at Booking.com, our Q2 room night growth was about 11% year-over-year and the global mix of our tag recombination room it was about 34% which was higher than about 32% in Q2 2022 versus 2019, alternative combination room night growth was about 38%. Q2 gross bookings increased 15% year-over-year, or 16% on a constant currency basis. The 15% increase in gross bookings was six points higher than the 9% room night increase due to 5% higher accommodation constant currency ADRs and also due to a couple points from flight bookings, partially offset by the one percentage point of negative impact from FX movements. Our accommodation constant currency ADRs were negatively impacted by regional mix due to a higher mix of room nights from Asia and a lower mix of room nights from the US. Excluding regional mix, constant currency ADRs were up about nine percentage points year-over-year. Despite the higher ADRs in the second quarter, we have not seen a change in the mix of hotel star-rating levels being booked or changes in length of stay that could indicate that consumers are trading down. We continue to watch these dynamics closely. Airline tickets booked in the second quarter were up about 58% year-over-year, driven by the continued expansion of Booking.com’s Flight offering. Revenue for the second quarter came in nicely ahead of our expectations, increasing 27% year-over-year, or about 28% on a constant currency basis. Q2 revenue as a percentage of gross bookings was about 130 basis points above last year, which was about in line with our expectations. Our underlying accommodation take rates continue to be in line with 2019 levels. Marketing expense, which is a highly variable expense line, increased 4% year-over-year. Marketing expense as a percentage of gross bookings was about 50 basis points lower than Q2 2022 due to higher ROIs in our paid channels and a higher mix of direct business. Performance marketing ROIs increased year-over-year due in part to our ongoing efforts to improve the efficiency of our marketing spend. Marketing and merchandising combined as a percentage of gross bookings in Q2 was about 60 basis points lower than last year, which was better than our expectation. Relative to our expectation, this was primarily due to better ROIs in our paid channels, as well as lower than expected merchandising spend, which was impacted by the booking window being more expanded than we expected in the quarter which will push merchandising expense into future periods at the time revenue is recognized. Sales and other expenses as a percentage of gross bookings were up about 30 basis points compared with last year, a bit better than our expectation. About 48% of Booking.com’s gross bookings were processed through our payments platform in Q2, up from about 38% in Q2 2022. Our more fixed expenses in aggregate were up 20% year-over-year, which was below our expectation due to lower IT expenses in the quarter, including some impact from phasing of IT spend into later in the year. We continue to manage our more fixed expenses very carefully. Adjusted EBITDA was $1.8 billion in the second quarter, which was up 64% year-over-year, and would have been up 70% on a constant currency basis. Adjusted EBITDA was well above our expectation due to the stronger topline, the efficiencies in marketing and merchandising, and lower than expected IT expenses. Our adjusted EBITDA margins increased by about 7 percentage points versus Q2 2022. Non-GAAP net income of $1.4 billion in the second quarter resulted in non-GAAP EPS of $37.62 per share, which was up 97% year-over-year. Our average share count in the second quarter was 9% below Q2 2022 and 15% below Q2 2019. On a GAAP basis, we had net income of $1.3 billion in the quarter. Now on to our cash and liquidity position. Our Q2 ending cash and investment balance of $15.7 million was up versus our Q1 ending balance of $15.3 billion due to the $1.9 billion of debt issuances in May 2023 and the $1.6 billion of free cash flow generated in the second quarter offset by the $3.1 billion in share repurchases we completed in the quarter. In the first half of the year, we repurchased $5.1 billion of our shares, which represented 5% and of our year end 2022 share count. The repurchases so far this year take our combined authorization down to $19 billion from the $24 billion we discussed earlier in the year. We remain comfortable with our ability to complete the full $24 billion of share repurchases within four years from when we started the program at the beginning of this year assuming no major downturn in the travel environment. Now on to our thoughts for the third quarter of 2023. In July, we saw year-over-year room night growth of about 20% up from 9% in Q2. Looking across our major regions, in July we saw Asia up about 45%; rest of World up over 20%; Europe up mid-teens; and the US up mid single-digits. When comparing versus 2019 July room night growth was in a similar range to the 26% growth in Q2. The US was our most recovered region with growth at over 30% versus 2019. Our comments for the third quarter made the assumption that room night growth will be up low double digits year-on-year assuming some moderation in growth from July due in part to harder prior year comparables in August and September. You'll recall from our commentary on the third quarter of 2022 that room night growth versus 2019 was 4% in July 2022 and 10% in August and September 2022. In addition, we expect that due to expanded booking window in the first half of the year stayed in Q3, but there will be fewer last-minute bookings for stays in the rest of Q3. We expect Q3 gross bookings to grow about seven points faster the room nights on a year-on-year basis due to a few points from continued flight bookings growth and a few points of positive impact from FX movements. We expect accommodation constant currency ADRs to be about in line with Q3 2022 including a couple of points of pressure from the changes in regional mix. We expect Q3 revenue as a percentage of gross bookings to be around 19% slightly above last year due to a more positive impact from timing in part due to the expanded booking window in the first half of this year and from increased revenue from payments. We expect these will be partially offset by a higher mix of flights and increased merchandising spend some of which is related to bookings we received earlier in the year. We expect Q3 marketing expense as a percentage of gross bookings to be lower than last year. We expect marketing and merchandising combined as a percentage of gross bookings in Q3 to be slightly lower than last year. We expect Q3 sales and other expenses as a percentage of gross bookings to be about 20 basis points higher last year primarily due to higher gross bookings mix. We expect our more fixed expenses in Q3 to grow year-over-year about 30% due to higher personnel and related expenses, higher IT expenses including the impact of phasing from Q2, and higher indirect taxes in G&A. The year-over-year growth in our more fixed expenses includes about seven percentage points from changes in FX. The difference between the 20% growth in our more fixed expenses in Q2 and a 30% growth in Q3 is driven mainly by FX and major one. Taking all into account, we expect adjusted -- we expect Q3 adjusted EBITDA to be around 20% higher than last year. Given the strong level of bookings that we've seen, we are updating our commentary for the full year. We currently expect gross bookings to grow slightly over 20%, up from our previous expectation for low teens growth. We expect full year room night growth in the mid-teens and constant currency combination ADRs were up slightly for the year, including a couple of points of pressure from changes in regional mix. We currently expect revenue as a percentage of gross bookings to increase year-over-year by about 20 basis points down from our previous expectation of 50 basis points increase. The reduction in our full year take rate is driven by less of a benefit from timing including due to the higher growth rate we expected earlier in this year and also due to expanded booking window. Also, from stronger performance, which drove a higher mix of flights than expected earlier in the year. We currently expect marketing merchandising, as a percentage of gross bookings to be slightly below in 2022 as compared to our previous expectation for it to be similar to 2022. The improvements in our expectation is driven primarily by higher ROIs in off paid channels. We currently expect our more fixed expenses to grow about 25% up from our previous expectation to around 20%. The increase in our expectation is driven primarily by variable components of personnel expense due to the overperformance versus expectations at the start of the year as well as higher indirect taxes which are generally tied to revenues and some additional FX pressure. We manage our more fixed expenses very carefully and continue to expect our more fixed expenses next year to grow at an appreciably lower rate than this year. We continue to expect our adjusted EBITDA margin to expand by a couple of percentage points versus 2022. In closing, we are pleased with our year-to-date results and the momentum in the business that we moved into Q3. We'll now move to Q&A. Adam, can you please open the lines? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Lloyd Walmsley with UBS. Your line is open. 
Lloyd Walmsley: Great. Thanks. Two if I can. First thanks for some of the color on the Gen AI trip planners you guys have rolled out. Wondering how you guys think about that strategically and balance that with what search engines are doing. Do you think this brings you guys more direct traffic, or do you think when you look at what some other players like Google are doing with their new search experience like how that might change traffic flows in the travel space? And then second one you mentioned marketing ROI improvements and efforts to improve efficiency. Is that a function of just making higher ROI targets or just other changes you're making within marketing? Any commentary you can give there would be great. Thanks.
Glenn Fogel : Lloyd, why don't I take the first one about AI and then I'll let David talk about marketing and ROIs. So first and while it's an easy answer, it's the true answer, which is nobody knows yet how there's a very new technology generative AI how that's going to play out in the long run. That's one. Two, even though we don't know how it's going to come out, we know it's very important that we continue to do everything we can to explore experiment see what might be very helpful to our travelers and to our supply partners too along with internally to do things better internally for us. Every company is doing that including the big search engines like Google and they're coming out what they can do and nobody knows. A couple of things though I am fairly certain that history provides a good road map. And that is there will be changes but companies that are able to adapt quickly be agile have great technology experts will benefit from these kinds of changes. We saw it as things for example like when the mobile for came out, we were able to adapt quickly adjust and we got I think a very good advantage from that. I think that we will hopefully get the same type of benefits as this new technology Generate AI comes out. But one thing I didn't mention in the prepared remarks was, I mentioned all the companies, but I didn't mention Agoda. So Agoda is doing some very good things in terms of internally how can we use Gen AI to become more efficient with all types of code co-pilot type systems. So there are lots of different things that we're playing with all one. I'm really happy the way that we're doing from different directions having price line doing it at the bottom of the phone see how that works. Doing Booking.com's AI Trip Planner tops how that's doing that. The ChatGPT plug-ins from open table and from Kaya. So being able to do all these things from the different brands and being able to learn from each other, what works, what doesn't work, where should you put more emphasis where should we put less emphasis. I think that will help us have an advantage over many other companies that may not have the scale experts the -- basically the capital to put into what could be a very, very exciting future for us. We'll see how it plays out. And of course, nobody knows how regulations are going to play into this and that is something that could affect everybody. And David, I don't know if you want to talk about the market ROIs. 
David Goulden: Yeah. Sure. Thank you, I will. Lloyd thanks for the question. So first of all, let's clarify that this is not a change in our approach relative to our design to lean in this year to recovery in travel market. We're still leading in through a recovering travel market. And you can see from our top line numbers we're doing quite well. So that hasn't changed and marquee merchandising investment in total will still be higher this year than it was in 2019, it kind of goes hand-in-hand with that lead-in comment. What I would say and what you're seeing is within that envelope, as we look for ways to optimize our marketing spend we've done a little bit more optimization than we expected not going into all the components of where that's happening. But we're looking at channels for incrementality or return to direct things like that and consistently testing across a very large marketing spend. You see that during the quarter we spent about $1.8 billion on marketing. So it's a large amount of money that we're spending across that spectrum. We are always looking at ways to kind of optimize different spend, different channels and different approaches. So it's really more to do with our ongoing effort to improve the efficiency of our marketing spend. But again, within the context we're still leaning in and looking to take share as the market continues to recover from COVID.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney with Evercore. Your line is open.
Mark Mahaney: Okay. Two questions please. First Glenn, have you noticed any changes in the type of travel demand? And I mean, short versus longer stay, rural suburban versus urban. And then, I wanted to ask the CFO question on AI, which is when you think about the impact that AI has had and Gen AI could have on the business from a financial perspective, do you think that that's -- Dave, do you think that's more likely to be on the monetization side or on the cost efficiency side? And I'm sure you're going to say both, but if you could be a little bit more -- if you have any more specifics on which of those you think could be more and could be more impacted by the application of Gen AI over time? Thanks a lot.
Glenn Fogel: Hi, Mark, I'm smiling because I want to do number two first and to say both. But I'll do it in the order you gave it. So this is a question that comes up a lot because -- and I mentioned in the last call about how I'm always looking for the smoke signals is something changing. And some of the key things I always look at are people trading down in terms of star ratings, or are people going for a lower length of stay. Or are people shifting to areas that may be cheaper travel than what previously was more expensive travel, always looking for some sort of early warning signal that something is happening. And I do not see that yet. I do not see that in any of those areas. And that's what we're seeing right now. In terms of the AI, it's a very interesting question. And, of course, if we knew the answer we have a good sense of where should we be putting most of our investment dollars in our people put them into the area is going to give us the best return. But the things I mentioned in the first question, nobody knows the answer to these things. These are all just guesses. So at this stage it's very important to spread the bets around and see where the return is coming to see where we want to put people to work, put more money to work and see what's going to come back. One of the DNA of our company has always been experiment, see what works and keep pushing in what's better working better than other areas. So we're going to be doing a lot of different experimentation. And I think that's going to go on for some time before we really have a good sense where the best returns are. I think in the long run, of course, all -- both things you mentioned are going to give tremendous benefits to everybody. But if you're correct to ask the question, which things first and how much? And that is not known yet.
Mark Mahaney: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Post with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Justin Post: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Obviously, very strong in Asia, maybe talk a little bit about what you're seeing there? And are you able to take some share from direct bookings at hotels or competitors? And then I thought your marketing ROI comment was very interesting in a very crowded quarter for marketing spend. So can you talk about -- is it the direct traffic that's helping you be more judicious with your marketing spend, or how are you getting that way up?
Glenn Fogel: So I'll let David speak second about if you want to give any more color into the marketing question. I'll leave out Asia. So, yes, very pleased with Asia. Very nice to see the second quarter numbers and even nicer to see July accelerating like that. That's great. And, obviously, that's a function of Asia took more time to recover the restrictions dropped later. We're doing a year-over-year comp. So we're getting some benefit out of that. And by the way just everybody there is no confusion in China not producing significant they're far behind in terms of outbound recovery and we're much more an outbound player there and I don't expect a recovery in China for us for some time, significant time probably. So overall it's good. There are a lot of factors happening there. There are very similar to other parts of the world where people wanted to travel. They're going out there. They're doing it. And we have done a very good job, the same way we did in the US, and we did in Europe is making sure that when people wanted a trial we were there for them and we're seeing the results right there. And David if you want to give any more color into that marketing question?
David Goulden: Yes. Justin, I think I gave a fair amount of color in my first answer, so I'm not going to repeat it. You did ask about when the direct makes place into this as well. And yes obviously as our direct mix is increasing as we commented it continues to do so. That helps but we're also getting helped from just looking across our total spend on marketing and looking at pockets of efficiency using some of the areas I talked about earlier.
Justin Post: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Kopelman with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Kevin Kopelman: Great. Thanks a lot. Could you give us an update on your efforts and progress in the North America vacation rental market just where you're at on that initiative? Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: Hi Kevin. So, I'm very pleased that we're continuing to advance while we talked about the overall -- we'll call it alternative accommodations is the way we define that area. We talk globally about our 11% growth being faster then the 9% for the overall company that 11% was a Booking.com number. But in terms of North America specifically are less reduced to the US which is the area where I think we all are more focused on. We have said many, many times I have seen many, many times that's an area of focus for us. We know we're under index. We know the areas we had to improve the product. And we talked in the last call, we called [indiscernible] for that too probably. About the things we're doing to improve it and that is both on the supply side making sure we're improving things so that people who own homes, people manage apartments, people who are in this space say, I'm sorry, but Booking.com, you're not doing certain things that you need to do for me. I'm glad that we are doing those things they will then be willing and are being to list their properties on our platform. That's great. And on the other side as I talked about last time is the importance okay, we got the properties now. We've got to make sure people know about it and I talked last time again about awareness and then we need to bring that up to. This is not a thing you saw overnight. This is something that you day by day, step-by-step grind it out and that's what we're doing in all different areas and we're seeing the progress. So, are we there? Yes? No, not even close to there yet. But the good thing is we're making the progress and that's all upside for us down the road. So we're going to keep on plugging away at it and I think we'll continue to experience good returns as we continue to invest in the area.
Kevin Kopelman: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Doug Anmuth: Thanks for taking the questions. Can you talk about where you're seeing the biggest impacts of connected trip? And how big of an impact do you think that's happening in terms of your outsized growth in the quarter? And then just switching to mobile the 48% of room nights booked through the apps. Anything you can share in terms of better frequency and loyalty among those app users?
Glenn Fogel: So I'll leave the second one what David wants to actually reveal in that area of specifics. I'm not sure if he does or doesn't. Regarding the connected trip a couple of things on that. So let's start off right at the start that, the Connect trip is not producing material numbers increases in our -- what we're doing right now. The good numbers that we're showing right now are not because of a connected trip and it's just too small to show that. Imagine we're building it in orange -- until every piece is in place. You're not getting a lot of advantage from this arch. Right now build in the arch. So you see parts that are showing up but not the big effect. So for example really happy about one element which is you have to have a flight product. And we're doing 58% year-over-year growth in tickets and flights that's greater – I mean that's a really good number. It shows that we're producing a good flight product, we'll get that going. And then the other areas that we have to build out like things like the attractions, things like the right part gets to you from the hotel to the airport or from your home to the airport things like that. Building all those things out. And then of course, the glue payments. That's very important to make sure the whole thing is working correctly. We're able to give benefits value to both the traveler and enable our suppliers to have an opportunity to give types of benefits so they'll win that deal. These are things we need payments to do and we're making great progress and really happy to see that number up there they're 48% in the growth from last year. So all these elements are being worked on but that is not what's producing the very good returns in Q2. The flip side that says, look at all the potential future we have down the road. That's really encouraging to me. So I'm very happy where we are. I'm glad with the progress we're making but it should not be misthought that this is the thing that's produced Q2's numbers. And David I don't know if you want to talk about mobile app anything there in terms of repeat? 
David Goulden: Yes. Thank you. So Doug, you're going to ask the question? 
Doug Anmuth: No, go ahead. 
David Goulden: So in terms of when you think about what's happening with the app. There are three ways of people can interact with us directly. They can come through the app. They can come to us directly on a desktop device and come to a strictly on a mobile device. And out of those three not too surprisingly, the app is the – is the sickest channel in terms of frequency and loyalty as you mentioned, which is why obviously your app is now a very high percentage of direct and has become an increasing usage of direct and we think that's a good thing. But relative to differences in frequency and loyalty we're not in a position to get into those today but it is definitely our best channel in terms of frequency and loyalty.
Glenn Fogel: And Doug, one other thing I want to add to this is Doug is the importance of the app and the connected trip. It's one of the important parts along with the other ones because one of the things that we really believe is important when you're traveling is to get advice, deals all sorts of things that you want to have your travel agent in your pocket. Well in your phone, that is the travel agent in the pocket. And then you throw on top of this all the Gen AI stuff all that. There's some real potential opportunities down the road that people are traveling they're going to have a much better experience than they have had in the past and that's what I'm looking for down the road.
Doug Anmuth: Thank you, Glenn and David.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lee Horowitz with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Lee Horowitz: Great, thanks. Your direct booking mix improvement remain impressive. I guess for starters can you help us unpack what drove the acceleration in mix towards direct in the quarter? Something specific on your run that you guys are doing that drove that improvement quarter-on-quarter? And how should we take that being replicated going forward? And then secondly, are we getting to a point where direct mix may fully offset your growth into lower-margin business and thus over time allow you to actually walk margins back towards 2019 levels? Just any commentary there in terms of direct mix and margins over time would be helpful. Thanks so much.
Glenn Fogel: Hi, Lee. I'll let David talk about whether or not he wants to talk about where the margins may go with that but I'll talk to just in general why do we continue quarter-after-quarter it seems to be improving our direct mix. And I believe the reason is because people like the product. That's the thing that helps. I've used it and they decide to come back because we're giving the best prices. We're going to most select selection, the greatest election. We're making it easier for them to do it. And we're providing great customer service something goes wrong to fix it. The reason I use and I'm not going to list some other new retail online retailers, there are some big ones I use. I use a need cash. I do it because it's better. And in the end, that's what wins as customers interest they come back with a better product, when the people believe in trust is the reason, people are loyal to a brand. That's what we're building here. And I believe, that's why we are slowly incrementally building out that direct mix. I think that's the biggest thing for me. David, you can add if you want to add anything to that? And also I'm not sure what you want to talk about in terms of margins, where people come direct and what that may do in the long run to our margin profile, EBITDA margin profile. 
David Goulden: Yes. Lee, we obviously go next is very helpful for the business. And of course, we're talking about here really direct mix within our accommodations business, is kind of core business. And we've mentioned before, that we believe that we can continue to improve margins, a little bit from where they were in 2023, but we're not trying to walk them all the way back to where they were in 2019. We all have significant businesses that are lower margin businesses than we had in 2019, when we have a large price business we're moving towards having a life payments business. So, direct mix can obviously, offset some of the pressure in the business. But don't expect it to walk our margins back to 2019. That's not what we've talked about gains, but we do believe it's one of the factors that can lead us to have continued improvement from where we are now.
Lee Horowitz: Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 
Eric Sheridan: Thank you so much for taking the questions. Maybe against your broader long-term goals for growth that you called out earlier in your comments. Would love to get any update about how you're feeling about supply growth, with respect to shared accommodations and/or local experiences against continuing to diversify supply, and build out more elements of the connected trip. And how do those factor in as elements of investment beyond 2023, looking out into next year? Thanks so much.
Glenn Fogel: Hi, Eric. So the important thing is always priorities. What's the most important thing -- and we've mentioned numerous times, in terms of our alternative accommodations, how important it is to continue to build out the supply there. We have a large number of listings, that's true. I've talked about many times though, you have to have the right type of listing in the right locations. And we talked in the past, and it's not done yet in the US, getting the right accommodations, in the right places, so that we -- you will come they have something to buy. That's very important. That's top priority. When you ship down to something like attractions, not as important right now, it's important but it's not as high a priority, as getting an ultra combination. That's one of the most critical things, is making sure we're spending the time, energy, effort and money in the place they're giving us the best return. We have good attractions, from third-party connections. We have the key ones. And someday, it will be important to build out further along that. But for right now, for this year and next year, I want to make sure that we're going to have the bigger bang for the buck, which is being sure we have the right number and the right types of alternative accommodations on our platform.
Eric Sheridan: Super clear. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jed Kelly with Oppenheimer. Your line is open. 
Jed Kelly: Hi. Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Just going back to the US business. You highlighted mid-single-digit growth in the US. Can you talk about how that's trending relative to your competitors? And does that number does that capture the amount of Americans traveling over to Europe, or is that including in your European road lights? 
Glenn Fogel: Yeah. David, I'll let you go on both those. I mean I'm not sure what you want to talk about in terms of us versus competitors or not. 
David Goulden: Yes. Let me clarify. First of all, when we talk about these regions on a geography basis we're talking about on a book basis. So yes, Glenn it does capture bookings being made by U.S. travelers including those that are moving overseas, which is one of the reasons why we're getting growth. We mentioned that we're back to a mid-single-digit growth in July in the U.S. after seeing a very small decline in growth in Q2. And actually, that was really just April and May. By the time we got to June, we were back to growth as well. And then the April May comparisons relate you to the really strong rebound we saw particularly in those months when the old player was declared in Omicron last year. So we got a little bit of a funky comparison on there. So I think we're doing well in the marketplace. It's too early to kind of call how we see us doing any against the market for a single quarter. We like to kind of look at that on a longer-term basis you can look at how the year pans out. I would just point out that relative to the market, we mentioned in July when over 30% growth in the U.S. versus 2019 not significantly well ahead of any market data points. Market is perhaps closer to breakeven maybe slightly positive compared to 2019. We're up 30. So we tend to look at it over the longer period of time and we'll have a better view on exactly, how we're doing in the U.S. relative to the market as the year develops and as the year ends. As Glenn mentioned, we're pleased with many of our programs there. We also know there's a lot of upside for us to continue to push more into the U.S. marketplace. 
Glenn Fogel: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Alex Brignall with Redburn. Your line is open.
Alex Brignall: Hi, guys. Thank you. Glen must have taken a question. I just have one on the full year guidance. Obviously, the big change are the revenue divided by growth being up only 0.2% year-on-year. So could you just talk a little bit about how that will map next year? Obviously pulling forward some bookings brings forward the marketing and also therefore it has the impact on EBITDA. But can you talk about the longer-term dynamic presumably that has no impact on 2024 and on the margin trajectory you see going forward? 
David Goulden: Yes, Alex let me take that. So yes, I mean as you called out in the prepared remarks there are two factors that are causing us to take the guidance to take rates to call our number down a little bit from where we were before. And actually, both of kind of what I call good things happening within the business. So the first is that the business is growing faster and the booking window has steel on gate compared to where we thought we'd be this year which means that we're not going to get all the benefit from timing recovery this year. Some of that timing recovery will be delayed into next year. So that we should get back as a positive that piece of the reduction will get back as positive next year. The fact that flight is growing faster than we expect is also putting a little bit of pressure on margin. But as Glenn said, that's a good thing as well because we are building out more capabilities and more opportunities to work with our customers across connected transactions. So those are the two main dynamics, one of which we will get back in terms of the timing recovery, which we thought would happen this year will now happen more likely over two years. 
Alex Brignall: Okay. That's really helpful David. Thank you. As a follow-up, one of the things that's obviously changed is that some of your marketing dollars, which come below the revenue line have turned into merchandising dollars above the revenue line. And so it seems really like that revenue line is very, very hard to model. If we were to think of things in terms of EBITDA divided by gross bookings, is there any meaningful reason why your core business or the accommodation business outside of payments and flights and all of the sort of businesses that dilute that bigger should not see a return to pre-COVID profitability if not improvement if you increase direct mix. So if I just think accommodation EBITDA divided by gross bookings is there any reason why that should be less profitable in the future than it was before COVID.
David Goulden: That's obviously a different way of looking at the EBITDA margins than we do but you're right obviously some of the contra revenue because of merchandising impacting the revenue line. The diet mix will obviously help overcome pressures in the accommodation business. Obviously, it seems like alternatives become slightly bigger seeing Asia becomes slightly bigger. So I think when we've talked about the long-term model for the business, assume that the core accommodations business can get back to in the rough region where it was 2019-ish and then the impact on EBITDA margins in the overall business will be driven by the mix of some of the newer businesses will become quite large in terms of particularly payments and flights neither which were a major factor in 2019. What I would point to is as I step back further and say what we've committed to for our long-term more, which I think is very important compared to 2019 is we have a business that is larger on the top line and the bottom line and growing faster the top line and the bottom line than it did in 2019. And that I think is the overall commitment that we've made that we're very convinced will stick to that I think will help drive your thinking about the overall model.
Alex Brignall: So I guess it's crucial to think of the additional businesses as incremental to your core business.
David Goulden: That's the last way to think about building the model out to look at our future EBITDA, yes. 
Alex Brignall: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ron Josey with Citigroup. Your line is open.
Ron Josey: Great. Thanks for taking the question. And really helpful to hear all the stats and see everything go as well this quarter. Glenn, I wanted to take you back maybe a year ago, we talked about growing bookings share of annual spend per customer. And as we see direct bookings increases to increase the connected trips rise, AI trip planners launch, just talk to us about the progress of just gaining share of that annual spend per customer. Any updated goals there? Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: So Ron, let me try, understand the question. You're saying the annual spend per customer is that, right?
Ron Josey: So percentage share of travel spend. Yes. I think we talked about getting like 25% a year ago or something.
Glenn Fogel: Yes right. So clearly part of the issue is that our customers, I'm happy about this, they don't always use us. Sometimes they use a competitor. And we see that. We see that unfortunately more than I'd like. Part of it is not having a product that they want. That's one thing, which we're building out as we talked a little bit about. And the other thing is post things that there's -- they go for example internationally will go for this brand and by domestic on that one. The key thing for us is to develop that loyalty that the reason that somebody really thinks that they will come to us for any travel will come to us. So part of it is bring all this together with the connected trip. Bring it all together with payment, developing the more we learn about the customer with their permission of course and then providing them with the -- what they may want more than anyone else. So they will always come back to us for all this. What do I believe in the end it could be to I believe that in the end we could have all customers all the time of course not. But I hope that we can continue to improve this substantially in the long run. And we'll see that as we get to finish off some of these areas though that we're still building out. Things like making sure we have enough of those alternative accommodations from people so he wants it we actually have one. It's like making sure that we have the payment product that they want to use a payment system that. Many things around the world we've talked about they don't use Visa card. They don't use Mastercard. They don't use [indiscernible] space. They got other ways they want to pay. Make sure we have that payment for them so that traveler customer to comfortable using us. And I can go on and on and on with many other things. That's what we need to do. And how high do I think can be? I'm not going to guess at it. I just know it could be substantially better than we are right now. 
Ron Josey: Thank you, Glenn.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Devitt with Wedbush. Your line is open. 
Scott Devitt: Thanks for taking my questions. I had two please. The first one, I'm just wondering Glenn in terms of anything you can speak to in terms of shift in travel trends. There's been a lot of discussion around shoulder month travel April, May, August, September because of remote work and elevated prices. When I hear you guys talk about the months I don't necessarily see that in what you're saying but it may be related to comps. I'd just love to hear your perspective on shoulder month travel first? And then secondly now that there's a new loyalty program in the market I was just wondering your thoughts on Genius? And how you're thinking of the current offering relative to competing programs now in the market? Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: Sure. So, yes, it used to be easy. There's a shoulder and there was a peak and life was easy to understand and that's how it used to be and it's not like that at all. And boy -- are things confusing right now when you have Omicron circling the world and some areas is hitting. And then a year later that's the area to comp against. So it gets very, very confusing. As David was pointing out in the numbers how something could look something, but actually it's much more understandable they had COVID in that area last year or they just opened up last year. Here's the thing. I hope that next year things have turned back to a more normalized ease understanding what the seasonality of travel is. However, there's a new thing this come in and that is the idea of people not going to offices as much and then, they're also traveling more. So they're using this Monday and Friday where they're traveling more for these longer weekends et cetera or perhaps a whole week et cetera. And I think that's going to make a more uncertainty to see what that is. What that may end up doing is, evening out travel throughout the year more where people are able to use time in areas that used to be shoulder season, but now people are using more which help spread out the travel more. I don't know. But we'll find out. That's why the -- I can't change any of that. So I'm not going to worry about it too much. What we use is in the near-term is, what signals we see in terms of how much we should spend on marketing or not. And in the long run what we hope is to continue to improve the products, because that's the way in the long run to win. That's how we do it. I'm sure lots of you are going to have lots of guesses about what the seasonality trends are going to be for the next couple of years globally. I'm not going to try and do that. You had another question I believe I forgot it though.
Scott Devitt: Yeah. Just Genius and your thoughts on Genius for the computing product now in the market?
Glenn Fogel: So there…
Scott Devitt: There is …
Glenn Fogel: Yeah. So if we look to way back to when American Airlines came out with our first loyalty plan. I'm actually old enough to me, I actually joined it. All the way to now there are lots of different loyalty plans for all different things and beyond travel for sure. And that another company comes out with a new one whatever that's nice interesting but the truth is I love what we're doing on Genius. I think it's a great pod and we're going to do even more with it. One of the things that's really wonderful about is that we use it with our partners together in a way to give benefit to both of us making sure that it is actually incrementally improving what's good for that partner along with of course being so good for our customer traveler, doing that is the way of any type of loyalty program should really work. And that's something that I think we've done a good job within [indiscernible]. Now we need to gain on more benefits and any more benefit that enable the supplier to give more opportunity to merchandise and give things that will be good for the traveler so they can win that actual transaction. And that's something we're going to continue to do. We've talked about how we've improved it from where it just started out and now we're up to three tiers. And there are lots of things down the road that will add on as we continue to develop the connected trip that will give us opportunity to give more benefit -- incremental benefits to both sides. I really don't worry too much about what somebody else is doing a more concern making sure we're executing right on the things that's important for our customers, or both the travelers and the suppliers.
Scott Devitt: Yeah. Thank you and congratulations.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you.
Operator: I will now turn the call back over to Glenn Fogel, for closing remarks.
Glenn Fogel: Well, I'd like to thank everybody for participating. We are very, very pleased with the results you had. So I want to thank the partners, of course our customers, our dedicated employees and of course our shareholders. We appreciate everybody's support, as we continue to build on the long-term vision for our company. Thank you very much, and good night.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect. Goodbye.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-04 04:45:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Booking Holdings First Quarter 2023 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are not subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings' actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the safe harbor statements at the end of Booking Holdings' earnings press release as well as Booking Holdings' most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to undertake publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings' earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings' website, www.bookingholdings.com. And now, I'd like to introduce Booking Holdings speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and David Goulden. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you and welcome to Booking Holdings' first quarter conference call. I'm joined this afternoon by our CFO, David Goulden. I am pleased to report that in the first quarter, we reached all-time quarterly highs for both room nights of $274 million and gross bookings of $39.4 billion and achieved year-over-year growth rates of 38% and 44%, respectively. On a constant currency basis, first quarter gross bookings growth was even stronger at 52% year-over-year. Both room night and gross bookings came in ahead of our previous expectations as a result of the continued strength in leisure travel demand and from a lengthening booking window, particularly in Europe and the U.S. The room night and gross bookings outperformance versus our expectations was driven by bookings that will stay in future periods which is when the revenue will be recognized. As a result of this timing difference, revenue was approximately in line with our expectations, while adjusted EBITDA was a bit below given the additional marketing expenses associated with the future states. When we look at room night growth versus 2019, we have seen a slight increase in April compared with what we saw in the first quarter. Though on a year-over-year basis, growth has decelerated since April last year saw an accelerating travel recovery, making the comparison more difficult. Overall, we remain encouraged by the continued strength and resiliency of travel demand so far this year which speaks to consumers' strong desires to travel. We currently see very strong growth of bookings received for travel during our peak summer period in quarter 3. Though we note, these bookings represent a modest percentage of what will likely be booked for total summer travel and most of these bookings are cancelable. While travel booking trends have remained robust, we recognize that there is uncertainty regarding the path of the global economy. However, we believe we are well positioned to navigate any potential near-term economic uncertainty given our highly variable expense structure, solid operating results, substantial liquidity and strong free cash flow. This allows us to remain focused on what's important for the long term which means making the necessary investments to strengthen and grow our business while remaining cost conscious and implementing initiatives across the business to drive cost efficiency. We continue to make progress on our key strategic priorities, including our long-term Connected Trip vision. The Connected Trip is our long-term vision to make booking and experiencing travel easier, more personal, more enjoyable, while delivering better value to our traveller customers and supplier partners. Our payments platform at Booking.com ties into our Connected Trip vision as payments helps deliver a more seamless and frictionless booking experience for our travelers. Those still small today, we are seeing an increase in the mix of transactions that are connected to another book travel component in a trip. We believe continuing to build on this progress will improve the booking experience for more of our customers which we believe will help drive increasing customer engagement with our platform. We continue to focus on further developing our flight offering on Booking.com which provides consumers with another place to book an air ticket. Booking.com's live offering was an important part of our total Q1 73% year-over-year increase in air tickets which was an acceleration from the year-over-year growth in Q4 of 61%. We will continue this important work to provide travelers with the best possible flight booking experience. Though AI has received significant attention recently, we began our investments in AI years ago. We believe then and we continue to believe now that we can build a more compelling and differentiated offering if we can leverage AI technology to deliver a more personalized booking experience, a connected trip that would be more responsive to a booker's needs and help manage different aspects of their trips. We believe we are well positioned in this area, given that we have been using AI extensively for years in order to optimize interactions with our customers who are both travelers and partners. This goes from personalizing interactions and recommendations to machine translation in over 40 languages and dialects to analyze in the content, the pictures provided by customers and partners, to optimizing value for our customers and many, many more. Over the years, we have built a strong team of AI experts across the company and we keep current with the latest AI research through Booking.com's collaborations with universities. This enables us to quickly react, adapt and learn how our traveller customers and supplier partners can benefit from new developments in the field. We are always looking for new ways to make customer interaction smoother and richer, realizing our ambition to make it easier for everyone to experience the world and to deliver our Connected Trip vision. Much of the recent attention has been on large language models or LLM which provide a multitude of interesting possibilities for improving all areas of travel searching, booking and experiencing. Two interesting possibilities are interactive itinerary building and answering travelers questions. Though there are current challenges given current LLM sometimes produce inaccurate outputs. Nevertheless, we are excited to be exploring how we can make use of these technologies for the benefit of our customers. Some of our brands, like KAYAK and OpenTable, are experimenting regenerative AI plug-ins, while others are building ways to integrate the technology into their own offerings. It is, as we all know, very early days but I am confident in our company's ability to benefit from these developments and improve our products for our customers given our experience in AI, our travel-related data and our human and financial capital, our strategic priorities, including the Connected Trip vision and to improve the experience for our customers and drive more value and benefits to them. But it's important to note that when we think about customers, we have 2 equally important customer groups to consider, our supply partners and our travelers. For our supply partners, we strive to be a valuable partner for all accommodation types on our platform, from traditional hotels to the vacation rental on the beach, to everything in between. We believe we can add value to these partners across the spectrum of accommodation types by delivering incremental demand and developing products and features to help support their businesses. In the area of alternative accommodations, we are seeing encouraging progress at Booking.com with alternative combination of room nights in the first quarter, increasing about 45% year-over-year and representing about 33% of Booking.com's total room nights which is 2 percentage points higher than in Q1 2022. In the U.S., our mix of alternative accommodation room nights, while still low relative to our global mix, has increased meaningfully in the first quarter, reaching highest level ever and was also our absolute highest room nights in U.S. alternative accommodations ever. We are seeing continued momentum in terms of supply growth, both globally and in the U.S. for alternative accommodations, with global listings reaching about 6.7 million by the end of the first quarter which is about 2% higher than year-end 2022. We have seen great traction with the adoption of our enhanced payment solution for alternative accommodation partners in the U.S. We believe rolling out this solution along with other product enhancements last year, including partner liability insurance and an enhanced damage policy is helping to bring more professional supply online to our platform. In addition, we are seeing our alternative accommodation properties across our major regions, achieving improvements in productivity and our new partners are receiving their first booking on our platform earlier. We aim to build on this progress by continuing to improve the product offering to our supply partners and travelers, particularly in the U.S. For our travelers, we remain focused on building a better experience that leads to increased loyalty, frequency, spend and direct relationships over time. Our mix of customers booking directly on our platforms in the first quarter continued to increase and reached the highest first quarter level ever. We see a very high level of direct bookings from the mobile app which is an important platform as it allows us more opportunities to engage directly with travelers. Just over 45% of our room nights were booked through our apps in the first quarter which is a few percentage points higher than in Q1 2022. We will continue our efforts to enhance the app experience to build on the recent success we are seeing here. Another way that we build a better experience and deliver value to our travelers is going through our Genius loyalty program at Booking.com. Simplicity is a core principle of Genius where our travelers get the benefits from the program right away. Over time, we've enhanced these benefits, including the creation of a top-tier level of Genius and we will continue to find ways to deliver incremental value to our travelers through this program. Finally, we published our 2022 sustainability report last month which provides an update on the progress we have made against the goals laid out in our climate action plan. We are proud of the emissions reductions achieved and ambitious targets set out for our business. But as I said before, we believe our greatest influence on sustainable travel is through making it easier for travelers to find and book sustainable options. We're addressing this opportunity through our work with our travel sustainable bag program which now includes over 400,000 properties that can highlight their sustainable practices to customers on Booking.com and that program has been expanded to Priceline, Agoda and KAYAK. In conclusion, I am encouraged by the continued strength of travel demand we are seeing so far this year as well as our team's execution against our key strategic priorities. We remain focused on delivering a better offering and experience for our customers, both our supply partners and our travelers alike. We are as confident as ever in the long-term growth of travel and in the opportunities ahead for our company. I will now turn the call over to our CFO, David Goulden.
David Goulden: Thank you, Glenn and good afternoon. I'll review our results for the first quarter as well as our thoughts for Q2 and for the year. All growth rates for 2023 are on a year-over-year basis, unless otherwise indicated. We will be making some references to the comparable periods in 2019 where we think these are helpful. Information regarding reconciliation of non-GAAP results to GAAP results can be found in our earnings release. We will be posting our prepared remarks to the Booking Holdings Investor Relations website after the conclusion of the earnings call. Before getting into details for Q1, I want to remind you that our business is quite seasonal. Q1 is typically a strong booking quarter and we incur marketing expenses in Q1 for many bookings that will stay in future quarters which is when the revenue is recognized. Q1 has also historically been our seasonally smaller revenue quarter and adjusted EBITDA quarter. This means that Q1 adjusted EBITDA can be quite sensitive to the level of bookings we get in the quarter. With the increasing mix of payments at Booking.com, Q1 is also becoming a strong cash flow quarter due to high level of bookings. So now let me go on to our numbers for the first quarter. We were encouraged to see strong year-over-year room night growth of 38% in the first quarter which is better than our expectations. For the first quarter, Asia was up 100%. Europe and rest of world were both up more than 30%. We continue to see growth in the U.S. which was up high single digits versus the prior year. Our growth in total room nights versus 2019 increased from 10% in Q4 to 26% in Q1. In the first quarter, U.S. was up more than 30% and all other regions were up about 25% versus 2019. The booking windows -- our Booking.com expanded versus 2019 for the first time since the onset of the pandemic, driven by Europe and the U.S. The booking window in the first quarter was longer than we expected due to strong levels of bookings for travel in the summer period. I note that many of these bookings are cancelable. Our mobile apps represented over 45% of our total room nights in the first quarter, similar to the fourth quarter of 2022. We continue to see an increasing mix of our total room nights coming to us through the direct channel. The direct channel increased as a percentage of our room nights in the first quarter relative to the first quarter of 2022. The international mix of our total room nights in Q1 was about 53% which was the highest quarterly mix since 2019 but still a couple of percentage points below Q1 2019. Our cancellation rates in the first quarter were below Q1 2022 and Q1 2019. For our alternative accommodations of Booking.com, our Q1 room night growth rate was about 45% year-on-year and the global mix alternative accommodation room nights was about 33% which was higher than about 31% in Q1 2022. We are pleased with the progress we made in North America alternative accomodations where growth in the first quarter was much stronger than the global average. Q1 gross bookings increased 44% year-over-year or 52% on a constant currency basis. The 44% increase in gross bookings was 6 percentage points higher than the 38% room night increase due to 9% higher accommodation constant currency ADRs and also due to a couple of points from strong flight booking growth, partially offset by the 8 percentage points of negative impact from FX movements. Accommodation in constant currency ADRs were negatively impacted by about 5 percentage points from regional mix due to Asia room nights growing the fastest of all our regions and U.S. growing the slowest. Excluding regional mix, constant currency ADRs were up about 14 percentage points year-on-year due to rate increases in all of our regions. Despite the higher ADRs in the first quarter, we have not seen a change in the mix of hotel star ratings being booked or changes in length of stay that could indicate that consumers are trading down. We continue to watch these dynamics closely. Airline tickets booked in the first quarter were up about 73% year-over-year, driven by the continued expansion of Booking.com's flight offering. Revenue for the first quarter was up 40% year-on-year or about 47% on a constant currency basis. Although we had stronger-than-expected Q1 from a room night and gross booking point of view, the outperformance versus our expectations was driven by bookings that will stay in future quarters. As a result, we did not see revenue benefit in Q1 from these incremental bookings. The lower-than-expected take rate in Q1 was entirely driven by the timing effects. Our underlying accommodation take rates continue to be in line with 2019 levels. Marketing expense which is a highly variable expense line increased 32% year-over-year. Marketing expense as a percentage of gross bookings was about 30 basis points lower than Q1 2022 due to higher ROIs in our paid channels and a higher mix of direct business. Marketing and merchandising combined as a percentage of gross bookings in Q1 was about 20 basis points lower than last year which is better than our expectations of being slightly higher. Relative to our expectations, this was due to better ROIs in our paid channels as well as phasing of merchandising spend which is tied to revenues. Sales and other expenses as a percentage of gross bookings were up about 15 basis points compared with last year which was better than our expectations. About 45% of Booking.com's gross bookings were processed through our payments platform in Q1, up from about 34% in Q1 2022. Our more fixed expenses in aggregate were up 25% year-on-year which was higher than our expectations due to a few factors that impacted personnel and indirect taxes. The 25% year-over-year growth excludes $39 million in accruals related to potential settlements of indirect tax [indiscernible] recorded in G&A. We continue to manage our more fixed expenses very carefully. Adjusted EBITDA was $586 million in the quarter which was up 89% year-over-year and would have been up 111% on a constant currency basis. Adjusted EBITDA was lower than our expectations, impacted by marketing expenses incurred for the higher-than-expected gross bookings stage in future quarters. February and March bookings came in stronger than we expected at the time of our prior guidance. These extra bookings also negatively impacted our take rate more than expected for the quarter. If we look at marketing and merchandising as a percentage of gross bookings in Q1 to eliminate the timing difference, this was lower than our expectations and lower than both Q1 2022 and Q1 2019. Non-GAAP net income of $440 million resulted in non-GAAP earnings per share of $11.60 per share which was up 197% year-on-year. Our average share count in the first quarter was 8% below Q1 2022 and 16% below Q1 2019. On a GAAP basis, we had net income of $266 million in the quarter. As a reminder, every profit metric we highlighted in these quarterly earnings report includes the negative impact of stock-based compensation expense because we view SBC expense at a very real cost of doing business. We continue to manage SBC very carefully and it continues to be a very low percentage of our operating cash flow. Now, on to our cash and liquidity position. Our Q1 ending cash and investment balance of $15.3 billion was up slightly versus our Q4 ending balance of $15.2 billion. Our operating cash flow for the quarter was $2.9 billion, up 70% year-on-year. And our free cash flow was $2.8 billion, up 77% year-on-year. The operating and free cash flow generated in the quarter benefited from $2.3 billion in change in working capital due to an increase in our deferred merchant booking balance as well as the $586 million in adjusted EBITDA. The $2.8 billion of free cash flow was mostly offset by about $2 billion in share repurchase in Q1 and the payment of about $500 million for debt to mature in March. Now, on to our thoughts for the second quarter of 2023. In April, we continued to see strong demand with room night growth versus 2019 that was slightly higher than the 26% growth saw in the first quarter, with all of our major regions growing at similar rates. The booking window in April at Booking.com continues to be long as it was in 2019. On a year-on-year basis, April room night growth was in the mid-teens which is lower than Q1 due to a more difficult prior year comparison. You will recall that last year, Q1 room nights were 9% below 2019 and April was up 10%. April 2022 was our first month of growth versus 2019 since the onset of the pandemic. Our comments on the second quarter make the assumption that room night growth will be up mid-single digits year-over-year. As you'll recall, Q1 last year was impacted by Omicron. And in Q2, we saw a strong recovery which resulted in Q2 2022 being our highest growth quarter versus 2019, especially May and June which were our highest growth months last year. Compared with 2019, we'd expect future room night growth in 2023 to be just over 20%, assuming some moderation from growth from the first quarter in April when room nights were helped by more bookings we expected for the summer. We expect Q2 gross bookings to grow about 4 points faster room nights on a year-on-year basis due to a few points from continued flight bookings growth and slightly higher constant currency ADRs. We expect Q2 revenue as a percentage of gross bookings to be approximately 120 basis points above last year due to a less negative impact from timing and increased revenue from payments, partially offset by an increased investment in merchandising and a higher mix of flights. We may see less of an increase in our take rate if booking trends exceed our expectations, especially in the high percentage of these bookings [indiscernible] stays in future quarters. This could also result in higher-than-expected marketing expense in the quarter. We expect Q2 marketing expenses as a percentage of gross bookings to be lower than last year due to an increase in direct mix. We expect marketing and merchandising combined as a percentage of gross bookings in Q2 to be about in line with last year. We expect Q2 sales and other expenses as a percentage of gross bookings to be about 40 basis points higher than last year due to higher merchant gross bookings mix and higher third-party call center costs, including the impact of our partnership with Majorelle. We expect our more fixed expenses in Q2 to grow about 25% year-over-year due to higher personnel and related expenses, indirect taxes and IT expenses. Taking all this into account, we'd expect future adjusted EBITDA to be around 35% higher than last year. In terms of our outlook for the year, we are not updating our previous full year commentary at this time. Our strong bookings in the first 4 months of the year created the potential for some upside but we want to see how the next few months develop before considering any updated commentary. We continue to expect that our adjusted EBITDA margin will expand by a couple of percentage points versus 2022. In closing, we're pleased with our Q1 results and the very strong growth in bookings for the summer. We'll now move to Q&A and Rob, could you please open the lines?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Justin Post from Bank of America.
Justin Post: I guess 2 things. First, when you look at ROI in the marketing channels, how do you feel about that going into the summer? Are you seeing some advantages based on changes from some of your competitors? And then secondly, as you think about your overall use of cash, any reason why you can't just put buybacks to work for the next 5 years? Are there anything we should be thinking about on the debt side?
Glenn Fogel: Well, Justin, why don't I take the second and then I'll let David talk specifically about ROIs and marketing and thoughts on that going forward. So I think we've been fairly clear in the past about how we view the company and how we believe our free cash flow should be used. And the first thing we always want to see is how can we invest that money appropriately in the company, build out services in ways that we can make the way we work with our partners and our traveller customers in a better way to help build this franchise. That's the first thing absolutely important. And after that, we say, well, we can't build it organically. Is there something outside the company, we think that could add value make things better for both, again, our traveller customers and our partner customers. And the last thing is, okay, if we don't see a good use of that, then we should be somehow returning that capital to our shareholders which is what we laid out the last quarter, we laid out our buyback program, where we had $4 million left in the previous authorization, $20 billion in the next one, that made $24 billion total. And then we said that over the next 4 years, we expect to be able to complete the full authorization. And I believe we've given out some numbers about our buyback now. And I am thrilled with the way we're doing this. But for long term, 5 years, this is what we laid out. Things can always change but that's the way we've laid it out. And I'll leave it up to David, in terms of ROIs, anything you're seeing differently about the summer, I have myself, maybe you see something.
David Goulden: Yes. Justin, I think it's hard to predict what's going to happen to ROIs that far out. So what I will say is that you can see that we saw some encouraging ROI trends compared to expectations in the first quarter. Those were a little bit related to what happened to our bookings profile. So as we mentioned, we got a lot of extra bookings for the summer in the first quarter, more than we would have expected. The ROIs in the pay channels were better than expected due to basically 3 things: higher ADR, a lower cancellation rate and longer-than-expected average length of stay. So we were bidding -- so basically, that was tied to the expansion of the booking window. So the expansion -- the booking window is quite close to correlate to what we saw in terms of good ROI performance in the first quarter. I've just always maintain the point these are highly competitive channels, many players in them and relative to your question on competitive dynamic and nothing really to talk about is different.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney from Evercore.
Mark Mahaney: I just want to ask about the Asia Pacific travel and China travel. Are you already seeing the impact of China outbound travel? And then within Asia Pacific, it sounds like that's the strongest region. Are there any particular markets that are performing well for you?
Glenn Fogel: Mark, sorry about that. Let me take that part 2 ways because I know last time, I believe you asked about China outbound then too, if I recall correctly. And so China is not a significant part at all of our very strong Asia growth in the first quarter. And I want to make it clear that China is still not anywhere near it was in 2019 and outbound. It is coming back in terms of overall market coming back but there's still shortages of lift there. It is getting better than it was in January when there was a think mid-teens number of available airlift out of China outbound is coming back. I'll be probably honest with you, we are seeing more growth, obviously, in other parts of Asia. We're very pleased with the very strong growth we're seeing. I don't believe that we're going to break down individual countries but I do see that this is an area of growth for us that I'm very pleased about.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lloyd Walmsley from UBS.
Lloyd Walmsley: Two, if I can. First, just going back to the higher marketing ROI. Like how much of that is you all proactively managing to higher targets versus just the competitive market, maybe softening up in marketing channels and like do you think this is durable? And do you think we should think of this as a reflection of kind of normalizing consumer demand? And then the second one is just anything you're seeing in terms of just price consciousness among consumers either trading down at all or taking shorter trips to compensate for higher ADRs. Anything you'd call out there in any of your big markets.
Glenn Fogel: Let me take the second one because I do look at that very carefully to see are there any smoke signals coming out of the market, giving us any indication of any changes. And I have not seen any decline in the star ratings that people are going for nor are we seeing a decrease in the length of stays, either one of which could increase that potential softening in the market and we have not seen that yet. And I think we made the remark about the booking window has gone out further indicating confidence, I believe, that's one hypothesis I want to point out, confidence about the future willing to put your money down and be willing to book for further out. That can be seen upon [indiscernible] is that people are concerned there's not going to be enough availability or they could be considered that prices are going to continue to rise, they will lock it in now, that's another way to look at too but none of those hypotheses to say anything about a weakness at all. And in terms of I think your first question, I'll leave it to David.
David Goulden: In terms of -- Lloyd, let me just remind you that this is a year that we still expect to be leaning into marketing and merchandising because we believe there's recovery in the travel market available to us. And I think that our growth rates relative to the market demonstrates that we're making progress there. If you remember, we started off the year by saying we expect our marketing and merchandising investment to be roughly the same as it was as a percentage of gross bookings, same as it was in 2022, we still expect that to be the case. Remember, we said that 2022 was a year which we look out of leaning in and making more investment relative to gross bookings that we did in 2019. And that story for us hasn't changed. We believe that we want to continue to lean in this year to continue to gain share in a recovery marketplace. And the fact that we saw some improvement in Q1, as I mentioned in my -- in the answer to my question to Justin, what to do with the kind of shape of our booking profile and the booking window and getting more summer bookings with higher transaction values than we would expect it to get from a mix point of view in Q1 and actually why the ROIs came in better. But we still plan to believe in the industry. And as I said in Q2 and for the full year, we still expect that investment in marketing and merchandising to be as it was in 2022.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak from Morgan Stanley.
Brian Nowak: I have two. The first one is on the direct mix of traffic, the percentage of the business is direct. You've made a lot of progress on that over the last year or so, a couple of years, Glenn. If you break it down by region, where have you made the most progress in increasing the percentage of the business that's direct? And how should we think about how high that is? And what are the regions that you have the most runway to sort of drive that percentage of the business that's direct up longer? And then, the second one on your forecasting. You guys have a lot of data and you're very good at forecasting. It seems like demand really came through better than you thought throughout the quarter. Which regions sort of drove that outsized demand versus your forecasting?
Glenn Fogel: So we don't break down the direct mix by region at all. But I can repeat things I've said in the past about how important direct mix is to the long-term increase the value of the franchise because of things we talk about with our connected trip. They're getting people in through the app primarily, having them understand all the different things we'll be able to offer to them, give them a real personalized thing that will make them want to always come back to us. The more we learn about them, the more they come back to us. So it's a flywheel effect happening there. Again, I won't break it down by region but my goal is to have every region have as many people as possible using the app and coming directly. That's the first thing. In terms of how we varied against our forecast, I don't know how much. David, why don't you get into that?
David Goulden: You can see that -- obviously, we did significantly better on the top line. And I think the place to go to -- I'd say it was fairly balanced across all regions. Obviously, the price we sold on booking window expand the most was in U.S. and Europe. So that's where we got a higher share of summer bookings than we expected to get in Q1. But you see also Asia did very well. And in general, also exceeded our expectations but we didn't have the booking window phenomena there. So I wouldn't call out any particular region but I will call out some of the differences in what we saw across the regions that contributed to the overachievement.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth from JPMorgan.
Doug Anmuth: Glenn, I just wanted to revisit on AI. Can you just talk about some of the advantages that booking would have in leveraging generative AI versus what other external or potentially new travel services might provide? And do you feel the need to protect the data on your platform to keep it from being used for training broadly across many large language models?
Glenn Fogel: Thanks, Doug and very interesting questions about that and I'll break it out into -- you start off with AI, then we went to a specific subset of degenerative AI. Let's just talk in general about AI first and how important this is into our business for many, many, many years, more than a decade perhaps, a machine learning model that really helped us do a better job making sure that what we're presenting to consumer, for example, is really something that they have a higher percentage chance they're going to convert on that. All sorts of ways that we use, very sophisticated machine learning models in many parts of the business that have helped us get us where we are today. Then of course, we come out in the fold, something that is -- the somewhat a lot of people were not that aware of this generative AI, large language models and see what could be done with them. And clearly, anytime there's a major shift in technology, everyone thinks like, well, is this going to be disruptive to the players who are already doing well? Is it not? And I said in my prepared remarks, how I feel very confident of where we are in this because of the work we've done in AI in the past, the number of people we've had working on, the amount of capital we have, our collaborations with universities. I believe that we are going to be benefiting greatly from this new type of technology in many different areas and some we haven't any thought of them yet and some things are going to be easy, perhaps increasing the productivity of our developers which we believe is hopefully going to achieve some very good results in the hopefully not so distant future, to things that perhaps are further away but ways that people interact with us in that connected trip vision, a way that you really do are able to recreate that human travel agent into something that's actually an automated player but is that does so much better than the human being did in the past? Now in terms of your very important question about the data and how do we protect it and not litigate it out and be used by others, that is a very important thing. And everyone from our attorneys to people in our development departments, people who are really working with some of these large language model foundational model people, we are looking very closely. Have they already been using our data and should they be -- and I think there's going to be a lot of interesting regulations in this area that nobody knows the answer yet, too but how will people become and say -- if they're data has been used in the past for training purposes or not. And I think it's a very open question that nobody knows the answer to yet but we will be very interested in the results.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Kopelman from TD Cowen.
Kevin Kopelman: Yes. First question, I wanted to ask about ADR's big area of interest. With all the strength you're seeing in Q1, could you just -- and quarter to date, can you touch on how ADRs have trended generally compared to what you're seeing as of the last call.
David Goulden: Yes. So when we gave you some data on the call, I mean ADRs are still trending positively. They're up on a year-on-year basis and they're up in -- across all regions on a year-on-year basis. So we're not seeing any slowdown in ADRs. And when we -- we've been looking at some of the things, I'm sure, behind your question but we're not seeing a reduction in ADRs in any region on a year-on-year basis or on a year-on-year basis. So we see ADRs continue to hold very strongly.
Kevin Kopelman: Great. And then, one other question. Could you talk about a little bit about the dynamics in the U.S. market. What are you seeing in the U.S. that's causing your growth to be a little bit slower there? And how do you feel about your market share in the U.S.
David Goulden: We feel that obviously, our U.S. business is still growing very, very strongly compared to 2019. And we have -- seeing that growth relative to 2019 come down a little bit. But we feel that a part -- we still feel it's -- when you look at how our business is vis-à-vis 2019 is significantly bigger than it was before and it's still growing at a very healthy rate vis-à-vis 2019. So we don't really worry about that.
Glenn Fogel: And I would just add, my conversations with our partner, some of our biggest partners and with their senior management, the critical thing for me is, are we providing them with what they need? Are we providing incremental business to them that helps them do better in their business? And do you feel that we are valuable to what you need. And I only heard positive things from all the people that I speak to in regards to where we are today versus where we were in the past. And it's a much more complementary relationship and I believe that will help us in the future to continue to build on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lee Horowitz from Deutsche Bank.
Lee Horowitz: Great. Maybe sticking with some of the comments around direct. You guys continue to post impressive direct booking results and app growth. Maybe looking beyond this year, how does this price of execution within the direct channel inform the way you see margin progression beyond 2023? And then, maybe one on VR. [Indiscernible] continue to indicate that you guys seem to be picking up some share in the U.S. vacation rental market, an area where you've been perhaps underrepresented. I guess what do you owe maybe some of the improvements you're seeing within the U.S. VR industry? And then looking forward, what are the things you think you can you need to continue to do in order to really scale up that business in line with some of your competitors?
Glenn Fogel: So why don't I start Lee -- going to start with -- as you put it up VR, vacation rental -- I'd like to use alternative accommodation. Neither one is a great customer-friendly term, of course. Let me talk about that and then I'll let David talk about the direct business of what that may or may not indicate when you go into the share in terms of margins down the road. And I talked a little bit about in my prepared remarks about some of the things we are doing in terms of the alternative accommodations area in the U.S. to build that business and you were very polite to say that maybe -- that we may under index where we said, it's very nice to say because I continue to admit that in the past, we have not been hitting that as well as we showed that we were behind where I thought we should be, especially since we do fairly well in that in other parts world, particularly in Europe. Things that we've been doing are things that I talk about, first of all, is you got to make sure you're providing a good service to the people who own the home, who own the apartments. Are we doing things like liability insurance. Well, now we have something like that. Damage waiver type stuff. So we have that. Yes, we do. Last time I talked about how we were testing out an ability to request to book because some people or properties, they don't want to have automatic booking. They want to have a request to book system, so we are developing out back. Once you start getting that in, you had start saying, well, are people aware of your product? Because as I said, there wasn't a lot of -- people didn't have a lot of knowledge that we had such a product. And I was just to joke that if you went down in New York City and you said something on the street and said, I need a place in the Hamptons, where shall I go, I could almost guarantee you they weren't going to say Booking.com. Well, we need to get that supplies once we have it, then we got to make people aware that we have the supplies. We have to build all that. So there's nothing miracle about this. This is [indiscernible] tackling business 101. Get your supply out there, make it attractive and then make sure people know about it and that's what we've been doing, cranking away at it. And I'm pleased and I said it's really nice to see us starting to hit it. It can come up with their mix in the U.S. at all-time high in terms of alternative accommodation in part of our total mix, along with having absolute number of alternative accommodation room night bookings. So I am pleased with the progress that we're making and I know that we had to continue that because I know customers like this product and this is an area where we have growth possibilities. And David, regarding direct only, do you want to?
David Goulden: Sure. Direct mix obviously is very tied to our strategy. Our strategy is to build a better product, provide better service for our customers and partners and get those customers to come back to us more frequently and more directly after we've acquired them in the first place to which shall we bring them into the portfolio the first time around. So it really does tie to executing against our strategy and lots of things that we do, many things that we do contribute to that better products. I could talk about alternative accommodation, I can talk about payments, we can talk about adding flights to all these things just create a better service for our customer and therefore, we're more likely to get them back directly. So it's very much tied to our strategy. It is also tied to your financial model because we made the comment last quarter on February, that we're obviously not targeting pre-COVID margin level because of the mix shift in the business for some of these new areas that we're now focused in but we do expect to be able to grow our EBITDA margin above the levels we're at in 2023 and the biggest driver, that would be continue to increase our direct mix. We'd also expect to be able to do better from a leverage on our more fixed costs going forward. And those themselves would kind of more than offset the pressure from the mix of lower-margin businesses as they grow within our portfolio. So continuing to improve our direct mix is very important for both the strategy and the financial model and will be the major sources to be able to provide some margin expansion beyond where we are this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Colantuoni from Jefferies.
John Colantuoni: Hoping you could update us on your strategy in the U.S. market. You've had a lot of success gaining share in recent years but I'm curious if you could update us on your learning so far about sort of the return on investments and how that's informing your aspirations to continue pursuing that opportunity as aggressively as you have been? And second, you sort of characterized investing ahead of the travel recovery to gain share throughout 2021 and 2022. I'm curious if that's your strategy in the Asia Pacific region as that market recovers. And if you have any early reads on returns on that investment.
Glenn Fogel: Yes. So I'll start off by saying that I'm very pleased with how the strategy has been working out in the U.S. given our gain in share. As David mentioned, we have a bigger business than we did in 2019. It's been growing nicely. I really do think that it's achieving what we've been trying to accomplish which is to not be the under-indexed player than we were in the past and we're making good progress there. In terms of the absolute ROIs on these things, we don't break them out by region at all. But I will say that, obviously, we are very conscious of spending money the right way to get the right return. And we are -- came out of the business. Previously, I was in China. I know how important is to make sure that you're getting your money's worth to where you're spending it and we are doing that. Now, I think it's just going forward strategy work and to see us continuing in the same thing. And in terms of Asia, it was not dissimilar that we want to make sure when people are going to start traveling, we don't want to wait until you're halfway down the track to get out of the gate. That would not be the best move. Get out in front, be there when the traveller wants to start traveling and providing them with what they want. And that we've been doing and we just talked a little bit about how we were very pleased with the first quarter for Asia growth. And I think, hopefully, it will continue the same way.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Deepak Mathivanan from Wolfe Research.
Zachary Morrissey: Great. This is Zach on for Deepak. Just first on the fixed cost [indiscernible] you -- or I guess the first half is kind of tracking above the kind of 20% growth that you kind of outlined last quarter. And the 1Q to 2Q is also kind of sequentially stepping up a little bit here. Just curious on your thoughts on how we should think about the fixed cost growth kind of maybe sequentially kind of into the back half of the year and into next year? And then second on just the buybacks. I think 1Q came in this stronger than we were expecting. Just curious how we should think about kind of the puts and takes in terms of the cadence of buybacks through the rest of the year, is 1Q kind of a good run rate? Or how should we think of that?
Glenn Fogel: David, you're the owner of the P&L there, looking that you want to take on the cost.
David Goulden: Yes. On the cost side, yes, I mean, we talked about being 25% in the first quarter -- we talked about being 25% in the second quarter. So obviously, that's going to put a little bit of pressure on our guidance for the full year. But what I'd say just generally, when you look at anything that's in the kind of full year view, we've not updated our guidance, there are going to be some -- likely go to be some puts and takes for the full year at the line item level but we're not going to update that line item detail today other than just recommit that we'll have a margin expansion by a couple of points versus 2022. Remember, next year, we said that we do expect our fixed cost to grow more slowly next year than we expect them to grow this year and that continues to be the case.
Glenn Fogel: And regarding buybacks, I think we laid it out a little bit. You know what our plan is. You know what we're doing. And I'm not sure there's any more color I can give and we're pleased with where we are.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jed Kelly from Oppenheimer.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Josh [ph] on for Jed. Just wondering, if you can maybe speak to how recent improvements in payments is resonating with U.S. property managers and their opportunity to increase share?
Glenn Fogel: Sure, Josh. Payments is an important part of the business. I've talked in the past about how it's the glue that brings everything together, along with making it easier for both the customer traveller and for the partner. And I think the growth in the amount of our business going through payments is a good indicator that is working and being accepted well. Customers have choice, both the traveller and the partner. Both of them can choose to use the payments or not. The fact that it's going up to me would be proof positive that people are finding it useful. And I believe in the long run, it's very -- being very, very helpful as we continue to build out the connected trip further.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Stephen Ju from Credit Suisse.
Stephen Ju: So Glenn and David, your merchant booking dollars are now at parity with your agency dollars. So just wondering how much of this is due to the ramp in air versus a more proactive choice to consumer may be making and they're lodging product selections -- to your point earlier, to alternative accommodations. And I guess doing more merchant and the rise in deferred merchant bookings there should improve your free cash flow generation. So does this change your capital allocation plans a little bit?
David Goulden: On the second question, no, the capital allocation plan that we talked about last quarter, that Glenn summarized earlier, anticipated that we would be continuing to increase our merchant mix. So on that piece, there is no change. In terms of where is that merchant increase coming from, just to remind us all, it's really coming from a mix shift inside of Booking.com where we are moving from what used to be almost entirely an agency model now to a much more balanced model. That is the biggest change would be in accommodations. That's still, by far, the biggest part of the business, although our flights grows, it's having an impact. But what's really driving the changes that you're seeing is the increase in merchant mix across our accommodations business, our Booking.com.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Lee from Mizuho.
James Lee: Two here. Can you guys maybe give us an updated outlook on ADRs. I think previously, you talked about expectation being maybe flattish on constant currency for FY '23. And also, David, maybe you can remind us -- talk about some of the puts and takes on take rate for your expectation for 2020.
David Goulden: We said that we expect our ADRs for the second quarter just to kind of continue the picture. We expect our ADRs for the second quarter to be up slightly on on-year basis. As I mentioned in one of my earlier answers, we're not out -- we're not updating every single line item on our full year guidance. But if they continue to hold at the current level, there may be a little bit of upside compared to what we said on the last call on ADRs. As I said, there'll be some puts and takes up and down our full set of guidance. But we're not specifically updating our guidance or giving you anything beyond what we're talking about for Q2. We'll have to wait and see how that all develops. But I think you can see from where we were in Q1, plus what we're expecting in Q2, things are trending positively.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Richard Clarke from Bernstein.
Richard Clarke: Just the first question was what is the ability for you to continue to get discounts from your hotels? I know the Genius discounts tend to be hotel-funded. And in this travel environment, are they more or less likely to give those? And is that influencing your level of merchandising at all? And could that change if the travel environment altered towards the back half.
Glenn Fogel: Richard, look, there's no doubt that hotels, when they are doing well may see less of a need to use all other ways to distribute and get business, then just have to come to them direct, right? And one of the things they're always looking at is what's the return. So with us in Genius, it's really being very targeted with them to make sure they understand how we can get the incremental demand that they wouldn't necessarily be able to get otherwise and then working with them and make sure is this value for them or not. And something I actually talked a bit in the past, I'm not sure on a call but our sales people have worked with hoteliers and talk to them sometimes, well, we're working with Genius program -- the Genius program in or that it's not actually the best use of their money in the best way for the business and told them, look, don't think you should use Genius this way, this amount, this time, whatever other time, etcetera. This is an idea long term, having a good partnership. It's just -- it's not just knocking down the door of hotel, give us discuss, give us discount. That's not how this works. This works with science. This starts with data. This is the machine learning stuff I talked about in the past. This is getting together to come up with a way that we can come up with a better way to improve their business. Now no doubt, as travel improves and such, there's going to be less of a need as the hotels will find other ways and perhaps less expensive ways or more efficient ways for them. And so maybe there will be some place but I am not at all concerned if your point is that this is going to make a drastic difference to how we do our business in the future. I don't see it. I see this as something that's going up more and more central as we continue to develop more ways to provide value to the traveller customer and be able to work with the customer supplier partner in ways that are complementary, symbiotic for all of us that we all win in this, the traveller wins, the hotel winds and we win.
Richard Clarke: Okay, perfect sense. Maybe just a little technical question after. You talked about -- you've got $19 billion of merchant bookings in the quarter. You've talked about longer booking windows but your deferred merchant booking is only at $4.5 billion. Just trying to square the gap between the $19 billion and the $4.5 billion that we see there.
Glenn Fogel: Richard, you're confusing me on this one.
David Goulden: Richard, you [indiscernible] spoke on that one.
Richard Clarke: The deferred merchant booking line which is $4.5 billion on your balance sheet, how does that square with you getting $19 billion of bookings -- merchant bookings in the quarter that you're saying are largely for future quarters?
David Goulden: Richard, why don't we follow up with you offline on that one and try and progress all down? Just to understand the question, make sure we get you the answer. And if others want -- just to give us the answer, we can follow up to them as well. But we'll touch base with you offline. John will call you back.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. Mr. Glenn Fogel, I turn the call back over to you.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. So as always, I want to thank our partners, our customers, our dedicated employees and our shareholders. We appreciate your support as we continue to build on the long-term vision for our company. Thank you, everyone and good night.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-23 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Booking Holdings Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2022 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings’ actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of Booking Holdings’ earnings press release as well as Booking Holdings’ most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings’ earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings’ website, www.bookingholdings.com. And now I’d like to introduce Booking Holdings’ speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and David Goulden. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you and welcome to Booking Holdings’ fourth quarter conference call. I am joined this afternoon by our CFO, David Goulden. I am pleased to report a strong finish to 2022 as we delivered fourth quarter revenue and adjusted EBITDA of approximately $4 billion and $1.2 million respectively, which were both ahead of our previous expectations. Room night growth versus 2019 of 10% in the fourth quarter improved from 8% growth in Q3. And for the first time, we saw room nights across four of our major regions above 2019 levels for the quarter, which was another important milestone for our recovery. Room night growth trends have further strengthened in 2023, with January room nights up 26% compared to 2019 or up about 60% year-over-year. We are very encouraged by the continued strength and resiliency of travel demand last year and into the new year which speaks to consumers’ strong desire to travel. However, as we stated last year, month-on-month trends can be volatile and we recognize that there is uncertainty regarding the future path of the world’s economy. And David will provide further details on our fourth quarter results and on the recent trends we have been seeing in 2023. Looking back at the full year of 2022, I am proud of our company’s performance during what was a challenging and very competitive environment. Our customers booked an all-time high of nearly 900 million room nights on our platforms in 2022, which was an improvement of 52% versus 2021 and 6% higher than in 2019. Gross bookings of $121 billion exceeded the $100 billion mark for the first time in our history and increased 58% versus 2021 and 26% versus 2019 or 73% and 36% on a constant currency basis. These are record levels per room night and gross bookings were achieved despite travel restrictions still in place in many parts of the world at the onset of 2022. And I note that most of Asia did not begin to open until towards the end of the year and Russia’s invasion of Ukraine negatively impacted our business. In terms of our P&L last year, we reached a new revenue record of slightly more than $17 billion, which was 56% higher than 2021 and 13% higher than 2019 or up about 71% and 24% on a constant currency basis, respectively. We achieved this strong top line result while improving our profitability with adjusted EBITDA of $5.3 billion, increasing 82% versus 2021 and margins expanding by 4 percentage points year-over-year. Adjusted EBITDA was 10% below the 2019 levels. However, on a constant currency basis, it was actually 6% higher after accounting for the FX headwinds we faced in 2022. I believe these results demonstrate that we are making significant progress against our goal to build a larger and faster growing business that generates more earning dollars than it did prior to the pandemic. While there is more work to be done to achieve this long-term goal, I am encouraged by the progress we have seen so far. Regarding our long-term outlook for travel, we are pleased with the positioning of our business and are positive about the future. This, coupled with our strong balance sheet, led us to return $6.5 billion to shareholders during 2022 by purchasing our shares. At year end, our share count was 8% lower versus the prior year and returning capital to shareholders will remain a high priority for the company going forward. David will provide further thoughts on our approach in his remarks. In addition to our strong financial results in 2022, we made meaningful progress against the key strategic priorities that I highlighted on our earnings call 2 years ago. These are expanding payments at Booking.com, building out our connected trip capabilities, and strengthening our position in the U.S. market. Let me address the progress we have made in each of these areas. On payments, in the fourth quarter, we processed 42% of Booking.com’s gross bookings on a merchant basis and are pleased with our progress in this area. As mentioned in the past, moving Booking.com’s model from agent to merchant drives important benefits for both our supplier partners and our travelers. For our supplier partners, offering a payment solution adds value in several key ways, including providing access to additional traveler demand by enabling alternative payment methods, reducing cancellations, decreasing operational workloads and enabling fraud protection. For our travelers, Booking.com’s platform allows many consumers to pay how they want to pay and we believe ultimately helps deliver a more seamless and frictionless booking experience. On the connected trip, on our long-term vision is to make booking and experiencing travel easier, more personal and more enjoyable, while delivering better value to our traveler customers and supplier partners. We have expanded our offering into travel verticals other than accommodations with a focus on flights. And in the future, we will work to link relevant travel components together to provide a more seamless and flexible booking and travel experience. We believe that as a result of this initiative and the improved consumer experience we will drive increases in customer engagement and loyalty to our platform over time. We have continued to make progress on further developing our flight offering on Booking.com, which is now available in over 50 countries. This flight offering gives us the ability to help our consumers book another important component of their travel in one place on our platform and allows us to engage with potential customers who choose their flight options early in their travel discovery process. We continue to see that over 20% of all of our flight bookers globally are new to Booking.com. We will continue this important work to provide our customers the best possible trip experience we can offer. In the U.S., both our Priceline and Booking.com brands continue to execute well and contributed to U.S. room night growth of almost 30% and gross bookings growth of about 60% in 2022 versus 2019. On our volume and consumer spend basis, we have grown our U.S. business to be meaningfully larger than it was prior to the pandemic. And we believe that our growth rate has outpaced the recovery in the broader market for U.S. accommodations, which means we believe we gained market share. At Booking.com, we have taken steps to improve our offering in the U.S. by utilizing marketing to improve awareness of our brand, introducing and ramping up our flight target, scaling adoption of payments and working closely with our combination partners to ensure we are delivering incremental value to them. We are encouraged by our achievements in strengthening our positioning in the U.S., but there is much more work ahead as we continue to execute against this priority over the long-term. In terms of our core accommodation business, we continue to drive benefits for our traveler customers and for our supply partners. For our supply partners, we strive to be a valuable partner for all accommodation types on our platform by delivering incremental demand and developing products and features to help support their businesses. For example, as I mentioned earlier, payments brings an important benefit to our partners. In the area of alternative accommodations, Booking.com alternative accommodation room nights for the full year grew about 56% versus 2021 and about 11% versus 2019 and represented about 30% of Booking.com’s total room nights. During the year, we made progress with our alternative accommodation offering for the full spectrum of property types by rolling out an enhanced payment solution for professionals, launching partner liability insurance, introducing a damage policy and piloting request-to-book functionality, which is an important feature for some individual partners. We have seen improvements in the time to first booking and better retention rates for new partners. At the same time, we are incorporating our alternative accommodation offering in some of our recent brand advertising to help raise awareness, customer awareness of this product. We aim to build on this progress by continuing to improve the product offering to our supply partners and travelers, particularly in the United States. We remain focused on building a better experience for our customers and increasing loyalty, frequency, spend and direct relationships over time. Our mix of customers booking directly on our platforms reached its highest level ever in the fourth quarter. Our goal over time is to further increase our direct mix through several initiatives, including continued efforts to enhance the benefits of our Genius loyalty program, further building out our connected trip vision to increase engagement with our customers and driving more of our customers to download and utilize the mobile app. The mobile app is an important platform as it allows us more opportunities to engage directly with travelers. And ultimately, we see it as the center of our connected trip vision. About 45% of our room nights were booked through apps for the year, which is about 13 percentage points higher than in 2019. For 2022, Booking.com’s app remained the number one downloaded OTA app globally, and for the first time, moved into the number one position in the U.S. according to one of the leading third-party research firms. We will continue our efforts to enhance the app experience to build on the recent success we have seen here. We believe providing attractive prices on accommodations, is very important as we aim to deliver value to our travelers. Our first priority, as we think about providing attractive prices is to work directly with our supply partners to source competitive rates. In addition to sourcing competitive rates directly from our partners, we have built up our ability to selectively offer discounts and incentives at Booking.com over the last few years. This ability to merchandise is another lever that we can now pull as we look to deliver value to our customers when we cannot directly access the most competitive pricing. We have been pleased with the levels of incremental return we have seen in 2022 from merchandising and we will continue to selectively utilize this tool going forward. In conclusion, I am encouraged by the progress our teams have made in delivering strong results in 2022, while executing against our key strategic priorities. These initiatives will help us deliver a better offering and experience for our customers and partners which strengthens both sides of our marketplace. We are as confident as ever in the long-term growth of travel and the opportunity ahead for our company. Now, before I turn the call over to David, I want to share the news that David has let us know that he plans to retire from his role as CFO in early 2024, after which he will be involved with us for up to 2 more years to help initially with the transition and then with other projects and initiatives as needed. As you can see by this timeline, he is not going anywhere for quite some time. So now, let me turn the call over to David. David?
David Goulden: Thank you for those comments, Glenn. And as you said, I am not going anywhere for some time over the next year in my CFO role and when involved beyond that, I will remain as focused as ever on continuing to help deliver strong results from the business and creating value for our stakeholders. Now turning to our results. I will review our results for the fourth quarter and provide some color on the trends we have seen so far in the first quarter and our thoughts on 2023. All growth rates for 2022 are relative to the comparable period in 2019, unless otherwise indicated. All growth rates for 2023 are on a year-on-year basis unless otherwise indicated, but we will be making some references to the comparable periods in 2019 where we think these are helpful. Information regarding reconciliation of non-GAAP results to GAAP results can be found in our earnings release. Now on to the fourth quarter. We are encouraged to see room night growth of 10% in the fourth quarter, up from 8% room night growth in the third quarter, with the improvement driven by Asia and the U.S. For the fourth quarter, the U.S. was up more than 35%, rest of world was at 110%, and Europe and Asia were both up mid single-digits. Q4 was the first quarter of room night growth in Asia versus 2019. Our growth in total room nights on a year-on-year basis increased from 31% in Q3 to 39% in Q4. Our mobile apps represented over 45% of our total room nights in the fourth quarter and about 45% for the full year. We continue to see an increasing mix of our total room nights coming to us through the direct channel. The direct channel increased as a percentage of room nights in the fourth quarter and for the full year relative to 2021 and 2019. The international mix of our total room nights in Q4 was about 48%, which was higher than Q3, but still a few percentage points below Q4 2019. Our cancellation rate was slightly above 2019 levels in Q4, but were slightly below 2019 levels for the full year. In Q4, the booking window of Booking.com remained shorter than in 2019 similar to what we saw in the third quarter of 2022. This booking window expanded meaningfully versus the fourth quarter of 2021 when we saw a higher mix of near-term bookings during the COVID-19 Omicron variant wave. For our alternative accommodations at Booking.com, our room night growth rate was about 15% in Q4 versus 2019 and the global mix of alternative accommodation room nights was about 29%, which was a couple of percentage points higher than Q4 2019 and Q4 2021. Q4 gross bookings increased 32% versus 2019 or 47% on a constant currency basis. The 32% increase in gross bookings was 22 percentage points better than the 10% room night increase due to 29% higher accommodation constant currency ADRs and also due to 5 points from strong flight bookings across the group partially offset by 15 percentage points of negative impact from FX movements. Our accommodation constant currency ADRs benefited by about 1 percentage point from regional mix and about 28 percentage points from rate increase across all our regions. Despite the higher ADRs in the fourth quarter, we have not seen a change in the mix of hotel star ratings being booked or change in length of stay that could indicate that customers are trading down. We continue to watch these dynamics closely. Airline tickets booked in the fourth quarter were up about 2.9% versus a small base in 2019 and up about 61% versus 2021 driven by the continued expansion of Booking.com’s flight products. Revenue for the fourth quarter was up 21% versus 2019 and up about 35% on a constant currency basis. Revenue as a percentage of gross bookings was about 130 basis points below Q4 2019 and was about in line with our expectations. Our underlying accommodation take rates were about in line with Q4 2019 levels. Marketing expense, which is a highly variable expense line, increased 32% versus Q4 2019. Marketing expense as a percentage of gross bookings was about in line with our expectations and with Q4 2019. Sales and other expenses as a percentage of gross bookings were up about 40 basis points compared with Q4 2021 and was in line with our expectations. About 42% of Booking.com’s gross bookings were processed through our payments platform in Q4, up from about 30% in Q4 2021. Our more fixed expenses in aggregate were up 24% versus Q4 2021, which was higher than our expectations primarily due to changes in FX in the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was over $1.2 billion in the fourth quarter, which was 3% below 2019 and would have been around 16% above 2019 on a constant currency basis. Non-GAAP net income of $957 million results in non-GAAP EPS of about $25 a share, which was up 6% versus Q4 2019. On a GAAP basis, we had net income of over $1.2 billion in the quarter, which included a $240 million pre-tax gain related to the sale of our office building for Booking.com’s future headquarters in a sale leaseback transaction as well as $179 million unrealized gain in our equity investments, primarily related to Meituan, JD and Grab. When looking at the full year, we are pleased to report that our 2022 room nights were 6% higher than 2019 and our gross bookings were 26% higher and about 36% higher on a constant currency basis. Our full year revenue was over $17 billion, which was 13% above 2019 and up about 24% on a constant currency basis. Full year revenue as a percentage of gross bookings was 14.1% in 2022, which was lower than the 15.6% in 2019 due to almost a full point negative impact from timing, about 40 basis points from the slow recovery in our advertising and other revenues, which have no associated gross bookings and about 30 basis points from an increased mix in flights. The benefit of take rates in 2022 from increased revenue from payments was offset by our increased investments in merchandising, each of which impacted our reported take rates by about 1 percentage point in 2022 compared to about 0.5 percentage point each in 2019. These changes in payments revenue and merchandising costs versus 2019 are mainly at Booking.com. Our full year adjusted EBITDA was about $5.3 billion, which was 10% below 2019 and up about 6% on a constant currency basis. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 31%, which was 4 points higher than our EBITDA margin in 2021 and better than our expectations for a few points higher at the start of the year. Now on to our cash and liquidity position. Our Q4 ending cash investment balance of $15.2 billion was up versus our Q3 ending balance of $11.8 billion driven primarily by the $3.6 billion bond offering we completed in Q4, the $2.1 billion of free cash flow generated in the quarter, and about $600 million in proceeds from the sale leaseback transaction I mentioned previously. This increase in our cash balance was partially offset by about $2.3 billion in share repurchases in Q4 and by the payment of about $780 million in November debt maturity. For the full year 2022, we generated almost $6.2 billion in free cash flow, which was 38% higher than in 2019. We repurchased over $6.5 billion of our shares in the year and reducing our year end share count by 8% versus 2021 and by 22% over the last 5 years. We are proud of this accomplishment, because it reflects both our commitment to return capital to shareholders and how carefully we have managed our stock-based compensation expense and its dilutive impact. We continue to see many publicly traded companies pro forma out the very real expense associated with stock-based compensation. We strongly disagree with this approach, and therefore, every profit metric we report includes the negative impact of stock-based compensation expense. We view SBC expense as a very real cost of doing business across every stakeholder should fully count when evaluating the performance and returns of our business or any business. If anything, we view SBC dollars even more valuable than cash dollars because of our long-term expectation that dollars worth of stock to-date will be worth more in the future. It’s the same expectation that serves as the rationale for pursuing our share repurchase program, a program that has meaningfully reduced our share count over time has not just served to offset dilution from SBC. Simply offsetting dilution does not represent a return on capital to shareholders, but actually represents a cash drain on our business that does not get counted in many companies’ pro forma reporting of profits. In 2022, our stock-based compensation resulted in less than 0.7% of shareholder dilution. And during the last 5 years, it resulted in less than 3% of cumulative dilution. As I mentioned, during the same period, we reduced total share count by a net 22%, inclusive of the shares that were added as a result of our stock-based compensation activities. Our future practices will continue to be guided by the same two philosophical approaches that guide us decades, namely, number one, the stock-based compensation counts; and two, that our stock repurchases, first and foremost, are meant – are actively meant to return capital to shareholders in the form of share count reductions. In January, we started to sell down our investment in Meituan and completed the sale of our position in February. Total proceeds of $1.7 billion from the sale, represents a $1.2 billion or over 250% increase in the value of our regional investments. On an after-tax basis, we expect this to increase our available cash position by about $1.4 billion. Our business partnership with Meituan continues. As we think about our capital structure and allocation framework going forward, we are focused on growing returns for our shareholders whilst appropriately investing in our business and maintaining our strong investment grade credit ratings. We will target maintaining a gross leverage ratio of about 2%, which is about in line with the historic levels. On a net leverage basis, we have started to run the business with negative net leverage. However, we plan on moving gradually through addition our positive net leverage targeting about 1x net leverage over time. We believe managing our capital structure with these targets will allow us to maintain our strong investment grade credit ratings whilst also generating additional capacity for returning capital to shareholders as our EBITDA increases. Given these considerations and our current outlook for the business, we expect our annual total return on capital to shareholders to be at least equal to our free cash flow over the next few years. In 2019, we started the year with $4.5 billion remaining under our share repurchase organization that was approved in the prior year. And in the second quarter 2019, our Board of Directors approved a new $15 billion authorization. Since the start of 2019, we repurchased the full $4.5 billion under prior authorization and have repurchased $11.1 billion under the $15 billion authorization, leaving us with $3.9 billion remaining at the end of last year. We are announcing today that our Board of Directors has approved a new share repurchase authorization of $20 billion that we will begin utilizing after we complete the current authorization. We expect to complete the share repurchases under the cumulative $24 billion authorization within the next 4 years, assuming that travel continues to recover and grow from here. Before I turn to 2023, I’d like to remind you we will primarily compare 2023 with 2022. However, there will be some periods where a comparison to 2019 will be helpful to better understand the trends of the business. For example, comparing January 2023 versus 2019 helps avoid the distortion created by – from comparing to January ‘22, which was negatively impacted by the Omicron variant. As you recall, our January 2022 room nights were 21% below 2019, but it’s quickly improved and February was in line with February 2019. So, now on to recent trends and our thoughts for the first quarter of 2023, in January, we booked over 95 million room nights, our highest monthly amount ever and about 10 million more room nights than our previous monthly record set last May. January 2023 room nights were up 60% on a year-on-year basis. This compares to Q4 2022 room night growth of 39% on a year-on-year basis. When comparing January 2023 with January 2019, room nights were up 26%, a very nice improvement from the 10% growth in the fourth quarter of 2022. This improvement in growth rates versus 2019 from Q4 January was driven primarily by Europe, rest of world and Asia. January room night growth versus 2019 was about 35% in the U.S., over 25% in Europe and rest of the world and over 20% in Asia. In January, we saw lower cancellation rates versus 2019. Additionally, we have seen the booking window fully normalized back to 2019 levels in January. And in some regions, it has expanded as we see a healthy mix of near-term bookings as well as bookings to stay late in the year. We also continue to see no change in the mix of hotel star rating levels being booked or changes in length of stay that could indicate that customers are trading down despite ADRs continuing to be higher than in 2019. The average length of stay of transaction booked in January continued to be a bit longer than it was in 2019. January likely saw some benefit from bookings that were made in the month – instead of December last year or potentially later in this year. This may indicate the room night growth could moderate from these levels going forward as some of these booking pattern differences normalize. On a year-on-year basis, January gross bookings were up 74% or up 83% on a constant currency basis. The 74% increase in gross bookings is 14 percentage points higher than 60% room night growth due to 13% higher constant currency ADRs and also due to a few points from flight booking partially offset by 9 percentage points of negative impact from FX movements. Gross bookings in January were up 55% versus 2019 or up 72% on a constant currency basis. While there continues to be uncertainty around the month-to-month trends, our comments for the first quarter made the assumption that room night growth for the fourth quarter will be over 30% year-on-year. Compared to 2019, this will be just over 20%, assuming some moderation in growth from what we have seen over the last few weeks. We expect Q4 gross bookings to grow about 4 percentage points faster than room nights on a year-on-year basis due to about 6% higher constant currency ADRs and a couple of points from continued flight bookings partially offset by about 6 points from FX. We expect Q1 revenue as a percentage of gross bookings to be about 10.3%, a 40 basis point improvement from Q1 2019 due to a less negative impact on timing, partially offset by increased investments in merchandising and a higher mix of clients. We expect Q1 marketing expense as a percentage of gross bookings to be slightly lower in Q1 than in Q1 2022 due to increase in direct mix. Marketing and merchandising combined, as a percentage of gross bookings in Q1, will be a little higher than in Q1 2022, but for the full year, we expect them to be about in line with last year. We expect Q1 sales and other expenses as potential gross bookings to be about 30 basis points higher than in Q1 2022 due to higher gross merchant bookings mix and higher third-party core costs, including the impact of our partnership with Majorelle. We expect our more fixed expenses in Q1 to grow just over 20% versus Q1 2022 due to higher personnel and related expenses, indirect taxes and IT expenses. Taking all this into account, we expect Q1 adjusted EBITDA to be over $600 million, which will represent a more than 93% increase versus Q1 2022. As we think about the full year ahead, we’re encouraged by the strong trends we’re seeing in Q1 so far. However, we do expect continued volatility in our top line trends, which makes it very difficult to predict how the top line will progress during the year and how the full year will turn out. Assuming a moderation in growth from current levels and taking into account the more difficult comparisons as we move through the year, our full year commentary assumes low-teens gross booking growth versus 2022. Of course, it’s early in the year, but this is our best estimate at this point in time. For the full year, we expect our 2023 revenue as a percentage of gross bookings to be about 50 basis points higher than in 2022, which will result in year-over-year revenue growth is higher than our year-over-year gross bookings growth. We expect the negative impact on timing to mostly go away in 2023, and we also expect that our payments mix will continue to add to take rates. Partly offsetting these are continued increases in the mix of flights in our business, an increase in merchandising spend versus 2022. We expect marketing and merchandising combined as the percentage of gross bookings will be about the same as in 2022. We expect our more fixed expenses in 2023 to grow about 20%, which is similar to the growth last year. We expect these more fixed expenses to grow more slowly in future years. As a result, we expect to deliver a record level of EBITDA in 2023 while continue to expand our EBITDA margins by a couple of percentage points versus 2022. In closing, we are pleased with our Q4 results and the early trends we’re seeing in 2023. We remain confident that our strategic priorities will enable us to provide better services for our travels and partners. We continue to remain focused on building a larger and faster-growing business than we have pre-COVID that delivers more and faster growing EBITDA dollars and more and faster growing earnings per share with industry-leading EBITDA margins. We will now move to Q&A. So Chris, can you please open the lines?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Brian Nowak, Morgan Stanley. Brian, please go ahead.
Brian Nowak: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Congratulations, David. I have two questions, one sort of blocking and tackling and one big picture. Just the first blocking and tackling one, as you’re thinking about the low teens gross bookings for this year, can you just sort of walk us through how you’re thinking about your best guess or your base case on ADRs around that model? Then the second one, kind of more big picture. There is a lot of discussion or speculation about search and potentially travel search becoming more sophisticated because of new AI tools. How do you think about Booking.com’s position in that world and sort of the ability to continue to grow the percentage of business that’s direct if the search model becomes a little more comprehensive? Thanks.
David Goulden: Okay, Brian. Thank you. Let me take the first one and then hand over to Glenn for the second one. So Yes, there are a few puts and takes, obviously, as we think about the entire year. To answer your question, we expect that our room night growth will be slightly lower than the low teens gross booking growth. we will get a little bit of help from FX. We will get a little bit of help from flights. But we think that across the year, as the ADR compare gets harder and we got more recovery in Asia that impacts geo mix, we will see a little bit of pressure on constant currency ADRs for the full year.
Glenn Fogel: Brian, why don’t I take the second one. Obviously, a lot of hype about AI right now, about generative AI. And I guess hike is a good word when we talk about are we on the Gartner hike cycle right now. I’m not sure – I don’t think we’re into that froth of dissolution yet. I think we’re still probably in the peak of inflated expectations, but there is no doubt this technology has seems to be accelerating all the time. And I think you may be limiting the question on those because it’s not just how is AI going to impact search down the road, it’s just AI in general. And we have been talking about this for some time always. I happened to be listening to our call from 3 years ago. And I talked about what we are doing – AI. I talked about our [indiscernible] center, I talked about the things we’re doing, how important it was to develop our machine learning capabilities and all the things that we do and Booking Holding’s using AI to improve the product, improve what we’re presenting to our customers, working with our partners better using AI. So there is a tremendous amount of interest, of course, in all these areas and some of the stuff we see is very interesting. But I think it’s going to take some time – but something – there is going to be major changes in your specific question about search, no doubt it’s going to make it better. In terms of your question, how are we going to be positioned for these changes, I think the best thing anybody could do is look back at the past. There is been lots of technology changes since we first started our business over 20 years ago. And as those changes happened, we adapted and developed. We did great when, for example, people went from just desktop to mobile. And we were very good coming out with these new AI machine learning tools to be able to predict what would be best for our customer. I would say that our capabilities are as good as anybody else’s and we will adapt and do very well with these new technologies. So I am confident in the future, and I am not scared, I’m actually encouraged by being able to use all of these new tools to provide a better service for both sides of the marketplace.
Brian Nowak: Great. Thank you both.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Mark Mahaney, Evercore. Mark, please go ahead.
Mark Mahaney: Okay. Let me ask two questions, please. The China outbound question, Glenn, just – that will take a while, but that is been a massive market historically. I think it’s the largest outbound travel market. And I know it was a small single-digit percentage, mid single digit percentage, whatever, back in 2019. Your thoughts on how to position the company to maybe better tap into that now than you were able to a couple of years ago? And then is there another U.S. out there? What I mean by that is you’ve talked about leaning into gaining market share gains in the U.S. Is there another region where you think you kind of underpunch your weight, if I said that right, and can also apply the U.S. playbook to also gain better share in that market? Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: Thanks, Mark. In regards to China, obviously, there is a lot of excitement about China, too, dropping the restrictions in terms of being able to travel due to COVID, getting everybody very excited about what does that mean. And not just for travel, of course, just reducing those restrictions is increasing GDP in China and what that’s going to do in terms of demand for all sorts of things and what’s that’s going to do to inflation, and how is it going to impact the rest of the world economies. In terms of your specific question, you’re correct. We were a small player in terms of the overall Chinese travel business before the pandemic. In terms of the future, yes, there is an opportunity there, and there are a lot of outbound travelers who definitely are hoping that they can go outbound and travel soon. I don’t think it’s going to happen nearly as quickly as I think some deals have been predicting. When you look at some of the numbers out of January in terms of the amount of outbound airlift available was a teens number, I think maybe it was 15% of what it was in 2019 in terms of the actual lift that you can get out of China. So I think it’s going to take some time for that. Now in terms of how we can take advantage of the increase that is going to happen in future, we’re going to use pretty much the same placement we use pretty much everywhere, albeit China is a little different because there is not Google there. But in terms of marketing, meaning people are aware of all the great products that we offer and be able to competitive pricing, all things any consumer cares about, whether you’re in China, Europe, U.S. or wherever in the world, we will keep doing those things. I know it’s not – China is a very competitive market. And it’s going to take some time. And as we said when we talked about our priorities, you’ll note that we take U.S. I don’t say China, but I would like to be able to say, look, we have been able to be successful in gaining market share in the U.S. over the last few years. I think everybody can see those numbers. So – yes, we will try and do better than we did in the past in China, but I don’t think anybody should start going to the bank with any expectations of significant improvements anytime in the near-term. What’s your second question or was that – that was second question?
Mark Mahaney: No. No. Is there another U.S.? So is there – not Europe, but is there another regional market where you think your market share probably isn’t where you want it to be, and you can use U.S. learnings to expand share in that market?
Glenn Fogel: Well, we want to increase our market share everywhere, of course. The reason we kept calling out the U.S., the U.S. very similar to Europe in many ways. And we had noticed how underindexed we were there. That’s not quite the same case when we look around the world, albeit in right now, except in China, which we noted. We do fairly well in a lot of parts of the world, but there is nothing that we pull out separately and say, hey, here’s another area where we’re going to really press hard to try and do better at. We’ve kind of do what we’ve been doing throughout the world for a long time, it’s gaining share everywhere.
Mark Mahaney: Okay. Thanks, Glenn and congratulations, David.
David Goulden: Mark, thank you. Just to add to comments. Relative to what we’re seeing in January, we saw obviously a nice improvement in the Asia region compared to Q4. That is not being driven by China. That’s been driven by the other markets in the Asia region. China is a small contributor to that improvement so far.
Mark Mahaney: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Lloyd Walmsley, UBS. Lloyd, please go ahead.
Lloyd Walmsley: Thanks, guys. If I heard you right, you talked to, I think, 50 bps of revenue take rate improvement this year. How much of that is kind of the timing headwind unwinding? What are kind of some other puts and takes we should think about impacting revenue take rates this year? And as we think about ‘24 and growth continues to normalize, is that – is there another 50 bps in take rate just from that kind of timing unwind? You talked about the 1% headwind to ‘22. And then the second one, I guess, you’ve been picking up share in the U.S. for a while now. Can you talk about just how repeat business is coming in and specifically repeat direct is coming in as that kind of cohort of users starts to age in the U.S.? And maybe how that compares to historical levels? Anything you can share there would be great. Thanks.
David Goulden: Yes. Lloyd, let me take the first part of that. So I think I kind of went through a little bit of this in the commentary, but there is a lot of numbers in the commentary with all the comparisons of versus last year versus 2019, etcetera. So relative to the 50 bps of improvement this year, essentially, the timing drag on take rates last year has basically gone – almost entirely gone away. So there was about a point of timing last year that goes away. And also, we get a little bit of an increase from payments as payment mix increases. The offsetting amount to those get you to the plus 50 is that we have continuing this year at the same level of merchandise we exited last year out, broadly speaking. So you get a year-on-year impact of merchandising that’s a negative and flight mix as well. So that’s how you get to the cap plus 50 improvement from last year. So to your question on 2024 though, the timing impact has really gone away at this point in time compared to 2019, a lot less, of course, growth rate change, much more than expected during the year. So essentially, there are puts and takes along the lines. The same thing I talked about, payments, merchandising, flights, etcetera. But we don’t expect major changes in the take rate level from where we are right now. You shouldn’t be modeling big changes in to take rates because we have some things helping and we have some things that are hurting, and they are generally going to offset each of that broadly speaking at this point in time.
Glenn Fogel: We don’t go regional in terms of your question there. We are not going to be talking about in the U.S. in terms of steps that you are asking for.
Lloyd Walmsley: Okay. Any directional sense of just how you’re feeling about the aging cohorts in the market share gains you’ve had just broadly?
Glenn Fogel: No, I’m not going to be specific in terms of that. I just would say how pleased I am. We’ve been talking about it for some time on these calls about what we’re doing in the U.S. and gaining share and the reasons that we’re doing, how we’re doing it, and I’m just I’ll just reiterating how pleased we are to be able to do that, and we’re going to keep on grinding the way to continue to try and gain share.
Lloyd Walmsley: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Justin Post, Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Justin, please go ahead.
Justin Post: Thank you. Maybe one for David and one for Glenn, David, it looks like you’re getting your EBITDA back towards the 33%, maybe 33.5% range this year in guidance. How do you think about where you are now versus pre pandemic? And what are the levers going forward? And then, Glenn, I think you said AA nights were about 29% of total and that’s kind of flattish with last year. How are you thinking about your alternative accommodation business? And to the extent you can talk about it, obviously, competitive concerns, what are your big initiatives for that business this year? Thank you.
David Goulden: Alright. Just let me take the EBITDA margin question first. So if we add a couple of points to where we are in ‘22 to ‘23, the drivers between that, the difference between that, the 39 points we were at in 2019, are basically a few things. One, we’re leaning in more relative to marketing and merchandising that we did in 2019, that’s very conscious to continue to gain share in the recovering market. We’ve got the mix of lower-margin business. We said that flights and payments will start to have an impact as they grow and they are making part of the difference. We’ve got some targeted OpEx investments in – when you look at our total OpEx expense vis-à-vis 2019, we’ve got DST and we’ve got FX. I mean, I don’t know their impact – rough order of impact. That’s how you kind of get to the 6 points of difference. So when you think about where we would go going forward from that, we do expect to be able to increase even the margins from this level. We’re not trying to get back to COVID, pre-COVID volume levels, I just want to be super clear, but we do think there is still some growth potential from where we are right now. And the drivers of that, if you think of the things I just mentioned, are the reasons we’re down below versus 2019 now. The drivers of that, that we think we can use to our advantage over time is that as our direct mix increases, we should be able to kind of lean in less in total to our margin spend. We may lean in to the same level in absolute terms on paid marketing, but paid market becomes a smaller part of the business. We do believe that over time, we can get more leverage on our fixed costs. But then we do expect to see continued pressure from the lower mix – from the higher mix of lower-margin businesses that will continue to grow. We believe that over the kind of medium term, we can still increase margins from where we are today into 2023. But again, not back to the 2019 levels.
Glenn Fogel: Regarding the alternative accommodation space, we are very pleased with what we’re doing in growing. And I mentioned in the prepared remarks some of the things that we did last year and I will repeat them all, but those are the things that we’re doing to make sure that partners, that suppliers, they want to put their properties on to our platform. And that’s the first thing. And having done that and doing that right now is that how do we get the awareness. So you noticed, for example, our Super Bowl ad, where we do include the non-hotel accommodation in that and make sure as we grow that branding throughout the year to make sure people are aware. It’s really – it’s not anything that is magic is making a product that people want to use and making a product that people who own properties want to put on our platform and then putting in the marketing to push it through. It has increased. It has not increased substantially over the years as our hotel product continues to fill rapidly too. We can have a big increase in this year of the trend of accommodations that we start growing [indiscernible] in the hotel area, but we are doing both. So that’s the point. And our thing is we know, and this is really important. We know customers come to our site, come to our app. They start a one type of property. And then they switch and they look at another one, another entirely different one. And then they go back and they come back. We really believe having both types of properties, hotels and non-hotels in the same place that enables a customer to be able to compare and interest, that’s what they cause or look at the reviews makes a better process for consumers over time. Now look, we just got a lot of the stuff out last year. And for example, I mentioned our requested book we’re still trialing that, we’re just piloting that. It’s going to take some more time. I am very encouraged by where we are and where we’re going. So I have no concerns about us continuing in the same direction.
Justin Post: Great. Thank you, Glenn. Thank you, David.
David Goulden: Thank you, Justin.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Eric Sheridan, Goldman Sachs. Eric, please go ahead.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks so much for taking the questions. Glenn, your comments around the competitive intensity that you faced in I’d love to look backwards as the first part of the question and sort of reflecting back on ‘22, how you saw the competitive intensity of the industry broadly evolve against the backdrop where sort of pent-up demand was sort of a bit of a tailwind for the industry from a growth perspective. And as you look forward into ‘23 and beyond as demand somewhat normalizes away from the pent-up dynamic. How should we be thinking about some of those key initiatives you’re most focused on to sort of meet where you see pockets of competitive intensity against a more normalized demand environment? Thanks so much.
Glenn Fogel: Sure. Well, the competitiveness was quite clear when you compare ‘22 versus ‘21. We had a very nice recovery in ‘21, and we benefited from the fact that a lot of our competitors just didn’t seem to be out of the gate so fast in terms of their marketing, in terms of what they are doing, whether it be brand performance marketing in terms of trying to get the same demand that we are out getting there. So 2022, also we’re putting a full throttle on to get those customers. So that’s what we saw. We saw it in performance marketing. We saw it significantly increasing the amount of money being put into brand marketing. In lots of different ways that everybody wanted to make sure that they are out trying to get those customers. Tthat was the difference between ‘21 and ‘22. That’s when I speak about what a competitive market really was last year. But look, this industry has always been competitive. The wonderful thing about the way technology has developed is that enables customers with very little friction to be able to look at all the different ways they can be very trial. So we have to always be providing them with a great service, a great price, so they will actually use us. It’s one thing that I think some people will recognize as much perhaps is that this is on every day we go out there and we fight for those customers. Yes, we have loyal customers. They’ll work because we’ve providing them with a great service and price. We got to keep on doing it to maintain their loyalty. And we’re going to keep on doing that. Now in terms of the future, in terms of areas that I don’t think it’s going to get any less competitive, but I do think that we do have some advantages because of our great technology because of the skill sets that we have to continue to try and advance this service better, so people do use it and then they do say, hey, I’m going to go to Booking because it’s just better. And that’s they going to have to keep on doing, but there is no magic bullet here. We’ve got to do it every day.
Eric Sheridan: Great. Thank you, Glenn.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from John Colantuoni, Jefferies. John, please go ahead.
John Colantuoni: Great. Thanks for taking my question. So marketing efficiency moved back to 2019 levels in the second half of ‘22 after being much higher in the first half. And I realize – some of that is just the timing of the recovery and sort of the transition to a more competitive environment that you just talked about in the prior question. But how are you thinking about balancing continued investments in customer acquisition with driving EBITDA dollars in 2023, along with the mix between sort of merchandising and marketing? So any detail there would be helpful. And then if you could give some more detail about how bookings so far in the core summer period have trended, that would be great. Thanks.
David Goulden: Alright. John, let me answer both those questions. So as I think you know, we took a conscious decision, especially in 2022 to kind of lean into our marketing channels, the combination of merchandising and marketing. And collectively, they were a fair amount higher than they were in 2019 from expense point of view. And that was a conscious choice, we believe that is reflected in the share gains we’ve made, not just in the U.S., but also globally. We – obviously, we have recovered the level much more than the travel industry as we talk. When you look at occupancy rates and how they have recovered and you look at our room nights, and obviously, we’re significantly in front of that. So we believe that has been a sensible investment. We – as I mentioned in my prepared comments, we will keep the combined investments in marketing and merchandising in 2023 at about the same level as it was in 2022. Now during the year, we will kind of look at what we think the right balance of merchandising versus marketing is. From the comments that I made, you would realize we probably on average across the year compared to 2022, spending a bit more on merchandising, a bit less on marketing, but that could change during the year. We can’t really think of a tune based upon the efficiencies we see in each of the cells. And we will stay at that more elevated level because we believe the market is still recovering. There is still potential for share gains for us in our marketplace. So we don’t really think of it together. And if you kind of look at it versus 2019, it’s a fairly sizable step up. But we think that’s been a smart investment and a good investment that makes sense at least this year, we still see recovery in the travel industry. And if you remind me again please, the second part of your question?
John Colantuoni: Second part was if you could give any detail around summer bookings so far.
David Goulden: Yes. Thank you. So summer bookings, yes. So we have seen, as I mentioned, the travel window – the booking window recover completely on a global basis. But actually, the booking window has now expanded a little bit in Europe and North America and still slowly was – or shortly was, I would say, in Asia. So that means that in Europe and North America, we’re seeing strong demand for short-term bookings but also for summer bookings. So we’re seeing the summer booking season shape up quite well. We’re not going to repeat on the book type metrics we talked about last year. We think they perhaps caused a better future, but more appropriate for a recovering environment, but you can see based upon the fact that we have strong growth in rents, we have now in those markets, slightly lengthened booking windows, strong growth in gross bookings, then obviously, that would certainly say subject to, obviously, the fact that things are cancelable and a high degree of our bookings are flexible, but it certainly looks like it’s shaping up to be a strong summer season for us.
John Colantuoni: Great. Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Kevin Kopelman, Cowen. Kevin, please go ahead.
Kevin Kopelman: Thanks. I want to ask about the flights initiatives. Could you update us there and what the outlook is for flights this year? And then also could you comment on the traveling?
Glenn Fogel: Sure, Kevin. So in the prepared remarks, we talked a little bit about the number of countries we have. They are obviously we’re very pleased where we are in terms of the growth of the number of tickets that we’re selling now is very good product. We like it because, as I mentioned, people, some people go to flights first, and we want to make sure they know who we are and then start buying from us. In terms of the acquisitions, I can’t – you have the world work to regulations, I have nothing to comment on that. We continue to work with the people in the process and continue to work on that. But I would say, just so please, we look where we were – again, because I listened to that call 3 years ago, the earnings call, and we just 3 years ago, talked we just started in 2019, the flights been up off the ground, so sorry about deployments at Booking.com. And we are just starting to where we are now. I just love the – what the people have been able to build, and I love the fact that people like it and are coming to us. And we have high hopes for the future in this area.
Kevin Kopelman: Okay, Glenn. And a quick – one other quick one, as we think about year-over-year comps as the year goes on, is it fair to think it’s – Q2 has a pretty tough comp and then the second half is more normal?
Glenn Fogel: I’ll let David talk about that if he wants to or not.
David Goulden: Yes, if you look at year-on-year, then obviously, the comps get harder when we get past Q1, right? Q1 is going to be the easiest comp on a year-on-year basis. And the toughest quarter on a year-on-year basis will be Q2. because remember, we had that kind of early peak in travel bookings in the many time frame last year as we have – went through our non-linear recovery. We always said it would be a non-linear. So Q1 will be just comp. Q2 will be the toughest comp and Q3 and Q4 a little way between.
Kevin Kopelman: Great. Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that was your final question. I will now turn it back to Glenn Fogel for closing remarks.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. I want to thank our partners, our customers, our dedicated employees and our shareholders. We appreciate your support as we continue to build on the long-term vision for our company. And I want to close by thanking everyone at Booking Holdings and everyone around the world who are contributing to help the people a bit so terribly hurt by the tragic events in Turkey and Syria. We have employees in Turkey and many more who have family and friends there, along with supply partners in the devastated area. Our hearts go out to all who are suffering there. Thank you, and good night.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for today. We thank you for participating and ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-02 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Booking Holdings Third Quarter 2022 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings' actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the safe harbor statements at the end of Booking Holdings' earnings press release as well as Booking Holdings' most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings' earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the -- for Investors section of Booking Holdings' website, www.bookingholdings.com. And now I'd like to introduce Booking Holdings speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and David Goulden. Please go ahead, gentlemen.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you, and welcome to Booking Holdings' third quarter conference call. I'm joined this afternoon by our CFO, David Goulden. I am encouraged by the strong results we are reporting today and by the record level of travel during our peak summer season. In the third quarter, our customers booked 240 million room nights, a little under 0.25 million room nights, which was 8% higher than in Q3 2019. We saw an improvement in room night growth during the third quarter from 4% growth in July to 10% growth in both August and September relative to the comparable months in 2019. We note that sadly, the war in Ukraine continues. And as you know, we suspended our operations in Russia and Belarus shortly after the work we get. If we exclude the suspended areas as well as Ukraine, our room night growth for the quarter would have been 11%. We are pleased that all of our major regions improved in August and September versus July and room nights in Asia surpassed 2019 levels for the first time in September. In the U.S., both our Priceline and Booking.com brands continue to execute well and contributed to room night growth of almost 30% in the third quarter versus the third quarter of 2019. We continue to see very strong accommodation of ADR growth, which helped drive a 27% increase in global gross bookings in the third quarter or 41% on a constant currency basis, both versus Q3 2019. Despite the strong pricing environment, we have not seen evidence of our customers trading down to lower hotel star ratings or reducing the length of their trips. We took another important step in our company's recovery from a profitability perspective with the third quarter being the first time that adjusted EBITDA surpassed pre-pandemic levels. In fact, the third quarter was our highest revenue and adjusted EBITDA quarter ever. Our Q3 revenue and adjusted EBITDA were 20% and 7% higher than Q3 2019 and grew 34% and 25% on a constant currency basis. More recently, we have seen resiliency in the level of demand from travelers with room night growth improving slightly from September levels to about 12% growth estimated for the month of October versus October 2019. Gross bookings in October are estimated to be up about 30% or just over 45% on a constant currency basis. The slight improvement in October was primarily driven by the continued recovery in Asia as well as a slight improvement in Europe. As we take an early look at demand into 2023 at Booking.com, we see strong growth in gross bookings on the books for travel that will take place in the first quarter of next year, though I note that a high percentage of these bookings are cancellable. Interestingly, we have strong numbers on our books for early 2023 despite the booking window being shorter than it was at this point in 2019. David will provide further details on our results and on the recent trends we have been seeing. While there is a rising concern around the macroeconomic environment and uncertainty around the consumer spending, we believe the sustained level of demand we have seen through October helps demonstrate our consumers' strong desire to travel further. We believe our solid operating results, substantial liquidity and strong free cash flow positions us well to navigate potential near-term economic uncertainty while we continue our work attracting customers and partners to our platform and making progress on our key strategic priorities of payments and the connected tradition. Given our confidence in the positioning of our business, the positive long-term outlook for travel and our strong balance sheet, we have stepped up the pace of our share repurchases since we reinitiated the program at the start of the year. With a $4.2 billion in repurchases for the first 3 quarters of this year, we have reduced our share count by 5% relative to our ending share count last year. We remain focused on building a better experience for our customers and addressing their needs of value, choice and convenience. With continued focus on our customers, we aim to increase loyalty, frequency, spend and direct relationships over time. We are encouraged to see our unique active customers at Booking.com above 2019 levels in the third quarter, which was driven by strong growth in reactivated customers who had not made a booking it over a year as well as growth in repeat customers. Our mix of customers booking directly on our platforms reached its highest third quarter level ever. Our goal over time is to further increase our direct mix through several initiatives, including continued efforts to enhance the benefits of our genius loyalty program, further building out our connected vision to increase engagement with our customers and driving more of our customers to download and utilize the mobile app. The mobile app is an important platform as it allows us more opportunities to engage directly with travelers and ultimately, we see it as the center of our connected trip vision. About 45% of our room nights were booked through our apps in the third quarter, which is just over 10 percentage points higher than in 2019. Booking.com app remains the number one downloaded OTA app globally according to a third-party research firm, and we have seen increasing levels of downloads in the U.S. We will continue our efforts to enhance the app experience to build on the recent success we have seen here. We're thinking about addressing our customers' need for value, we believe providing attractive prices on accommodations is very important. As has always been the case, our first priority, as we think about providing attractive prices, is to source competitive rates from our supply partners. We do this by working closely with our supply partners to get the best prices possible and increase participation in our targeted rate programs to ensure that compelling prices are available to our customers. Our Genius loyalty program at Booking.com is a great example of a program where hundreds of thousands of our property partners are participating to offer lower rates and other benefits to travelers in ways that meet our property partners specific revenue needs. In addition to sourcing dependent rates directly from our partners, we have built up our ability to selectively offer discounts and incentives at Booking.com over the last few years. Visibility to merchandise is another lever that we can now pull as we look to deliver value to our customers to more competitive pricing. We believe this competitive tool helps us attract and retain customers and drive improved conversion on our platform. Importantly, we take a disciplined approach to merchandising by very closely monitoring the incremental return on investment on that spend, and we can adjust the level of our spend according to our desired return objectives. We have been pleased with the levels of incremental return we have seen this year for merchandising and we'll continue to selectively utilize this tool going forward. For our supply partners, we strive to be a valuable partner for all accommodation types on our platform by delivering incremental demand and developing products and features to help support their businesses. Alternative accommodations of room night Booking.com grew about 11% versus 2019 and represented about 30% of Booking.com's total room nights in Q3. We have continued to make progress with our alternative accommodation offering by increasing our supply base of properties, which has grown by about 300,000 since the end of 2021 and has increased in each of our major regions around the world over that time period. We aim to build on this growth in our alternative accommodation supply base by improving our product offering to our supply partners globally with a continued focus on the U.S. market. Let me now talk about the progress we have made in our interrelated strategic priorities of payments and the connected trip vision. On payments, 40% of Booking.com's gross bookings were processed through our payment platform in the third quarter, which, once again, is our highest quarterly level ever. We believe Booking.com payment services drive benefits for both our travelers and our supplier partners across hotels, alternative accommodations, cars, flight and attractions. Furthermore, we believe that Booking.com's payment platform helps deliver a more seamless and frictionless booking experience, which are important elements of our larger connected tradition. One the connected trip, our long-term vision is to make booking and experiencing travel easier, more personal and more enjoyable, while delivering better value to our customers and supplier partners. We are expanding our offering into travel verticals other than the combinations, and then we'll work to link relevant travel components together to provide a more seamless, flexible consumer experience. As a result of this initiative, we believe, over time, we will drive increases in customer engagement, share of spend and loyalty to our platform. We continue to make progress on building foundations that we connect provision, including our work to integrate ground transportation options and further develop our flight offering on Booking.com. This flight offering gives us the ability to engage with potential customers who choose their flight options early in their discovery process. And over 20% of all of our flight bookings globally are new to Booking.com. There is much more work to do as we strive to give our customers the best possible trip experience, but we are pleased with the early results we have seen so far. In closure, I'm encouraged by our strong third quarter results and the sustained levels of travel demand we are seeing into the fall and into early next year. We continue to make progress in several key areas, including engagement with our app, the Genius program, our alternative accommodation offerings, payments at Booking.com and building towards our connected tradition. I believe these initiatives will help us deliver a better offering and experience for our customers and our partners. While there continues to be uncertainty around the near-term macroeconomic environment, we are as confident as ever in the long-term growth of travel and in the opportunities ahead for our company. I will now turn the call over to our CFO, David Goulden.
David Goulden: Thank you, Glenn, and good afternoon. I'll review our results for the third quarter and provide some color on the trends we've seen supply in the fourth quarter. All growth rates for 2022 are relative to the comparable period in 2019, unless otherwise indicated. Information regarding reconciliation of non-GAAP results to GAAP results can be found in our earnings release. Now on to our results for the third quarter. In the third quarter, we were encouraged to see room night growth improved to 10% in both August and September, up from the 4% room night growth we previously reported for the month of July. All regions improved in August and September relative to July. For the full third quarter, global room night growth was 8%, with Europe up high single digits, the U.S. up almost 30% and Rest of World up over 10% and Asia down mid-single digits. And September was the first month of room night growth in Asia versus 2019 as the delayed recovery continues in that region. Our mobile apps represented about 45% of our Q3 total room nights, an increase of slightly over 40% in the second quarter. Total mobile bookings represented over 60% of our total room nights in the third quarter, also an increase from the second quarter. In the third quarter, we continue to see increasing mix of our total room nights turning to us to our direct channel versus 2019 and also versus Q3 2019 and also versus Q3 2021. The international mix of our total room nights in Q3 was about 45%, in line with Q2. Our Q3 cancellation rates continue to be below 2019 levels as they were in Q2. In Q3, the booking window of Booking.com remain shorter than in 2019, similar to what we saw in the second quarter of 2022. This booking window expanding meaningfully versus the third quarter of 2021, where we saw a higher mix of near-end bookings due to the COVID-19 Delta variant wave. For our alternative accommodation in a Booking.com, our room night growth rate was 11% in Q3 versus 2019 and the goal mix of alternative accommodations was about 30%, which is slightly higher than Q3 2019. Q3 global mix was about in line with 2021. Q3 gross bookings increased 27% versus 2019 or 41% on a constant currency basis. The 27% increase in gross bookings was 19 percentage points better than the 8% room night increase due to 28% higher accommodation constant currency ADRs and also due to 4 points from strong flight growth bookings across the group, partially offset by the 14% points of negative impact from FX movements. Our accommodation constant currency ADRs benefit by about 2 percentage points from regional mix and about 26 percentage points from rate increases across all of our regions, most notably in Europe and North America. Despite the high ADRs in the third quarter, we have not seen a change in the mix of wholesale star ratings being booked or changes in length of stay that could indicate that consumers are trending down. We'll continue to watch closely. Airline tickets booked in the third quarter were up about 235% versus a smaller base in 2019 and up 45% versus 2021, driven by the continued expansion of Booking.com's flight offering. Revenue for the third quarter was over $6 billion, which was up 20% versus 2019 and up about 34% on a constant currency basis. Revenue as a percentage of gross bookings was about 110 basis points below Q3 2019 due to a number of factors, including investments in merchandising, which are consistent with our prior commentary about the opportunity for us to lead into a recovering travel market in 2022 and also due to an increase in the mix of flights, the slower recovery of our advertising and other revenues, which have no associated gross bookings and some negative impact from FX rates. Q3 take rates were down more than our expectation of being down about 70 basis points, primarily due to timing differences between gross bookings and revenue recognition, driven by the improved bookings in Q3, some of which relate to travel in future quarters. Our underlying accommodation take rates were about in line with Q3 2019 levels. Marketing expense, which is a highly variable expense item, increased 27% versus Q3 2019. Marketing expense as a percentage of gross bookings was about in line with Q3 2019, which was better than our expectations, mainly due to higher-than-expected direct mix. As expected, our marketing ROIs were lower than in Q3 2019, which was in line with our strategy to lead into a recurring travel market in the Q3 peak season. Sales and other expenses as a percentage of gross bookings were up about 40 basis points compared to Q3 2021, which was in line with our expectations. About 40% of Booking.com's gross bookings are processed through our payments platform in Q3, up from almost 1/3 in Q3 2021. Our more fixed expenses in aggregate were better than our expectations of 17% versus Q3 2021, primarily due to a slower-than-expected ramp into our IT expenses and lower-than-expected personnel expenses. Adjusted EBITDA was $2.7 billion in the third quarter, which is better than our expectations and about 7% above 2019 and would have been about 25% above 2019 on a constant currency basis. Non-GAAP net income of $2.1 billion results in non-GAAP earnings per share of about $53 per share, which was up 17% versus Q3 2019. On a GAAP basis, we had operating income of $2.6 billion in Q3. We recorded GAAP net income of $1.7 million in the quarter, which includes a $336 million unrealized loss on our equity investments, primarily related to Meituan as well as $125 million expense related to an ongoing French tax matter. Now on to our cash and liquidity position. Our Q3 ending cash investment balance of $11.8 million was down versus our Q2 ending balance of $14.2 billion, primarily driven by about $2 billion in share repurchases in Q3 as well as the unrealized losses on our equity investments. The $2 billion in share purchases in Q3 was a step-up from the $1.3 billion in Q2 as we increased the pace of our repurchases given the pullback in our share price. In October, we repurchased another $595 million worth of our shares, which brings our year-to-date repurchase up to about $4.8 billion and our remaining outstanding authorization to about $5.6 billion. As Glenn mentioned, we reduced our share count by 5% since the end of last year. And over the last 5 years, we reduced our share count by 20% despite suspending our share buyback activity for 21 months during COVID-19 pandemic. With negative $95 million in free cash flow for the third quarter, our earnings for the quarter were offset by about a $2 billion decrease in our deferred merchant booking balance following the peak travel season in Europe and North America. Now on to recent trends on our fourth quarter. We estimate that October room night increased about 12% versus 2019, a slight improvement from the 10% growth in September, driven primarily by the continued recovery in Asia as well as a slight improvement in Europe. In October, all regions were above 2019 levels. The U.S. was of almost 35%, Rest of World was up high teens, and both Asia and Europe were up high single digits. ADR growth has remained around Q3 levels, and we estimate gross bookings were up about 30% in October, which includes negative impacts from FX pressures. We estimate that constant currency gross bookings were up just over 45% in October. While there continues to be uncertainty in the near term, our comments for the quarter make the assumption that room night growth for the fourth quarter will be about 10% above 2019, which is in line with levels of growth we've seen over the last 3 months. Compared with room night growth in Q4 versus 2019 would also be an acceleration on a year-on-year basis from 31% growth in Q3 2022 versus Q3 2021 to 39% growth in Q4 '22 versus Q4 '21. We expect the strength in ADRs we've seen in recent months to generally continue for the remainder of the fourth quarter as well as continued growth in by bookings. We expect about a 15% difference between the level of room night growth and gross booking growth, less than 19% gap in Q3 due to more FX pressure in Q4. We expect FX to pressure gross bookings growth versus 2019 by about 18% in Q4. We expect Q4 revenue as a percentage of gross bookings to be about 120 basis points lower than Q4 2019 due to investments in merchandising, an increase in mix of clients and negative impact from timing differences between gross bookings and revenue recognition. We expect Q4 marketing expense as a percentage of gross bookings to be a bit higher than in Q4 2019 as we expect to continue to invest in capturing demand and increasing awareness due to continued global recovery of travel demand. We expect Q4 sales and other expenses as a percentage of gross bookings to be about 40 basis points higher than Q4 2021 due to higher merchant gross bookings mix and higher third-party call center costs, including the impact of our partnership with Majorelle. We expect our more fixed expenses in aggregate will be about 20% higher than in Q4 2021, with personnel, G&A and IT each up similar percentage year-on-year. Taking all into account, we expect the Q4 adjusted EBITDA to be over $1.1 billion. If it were not for the impact of FX, we expect Q4 adjusted EBITDA to be above Q4 2019. We are maintaining our full year adjusted EBITDA margin commentary and still expect EBITDA margin for 2022 to be a few points higher than in 2021. And if not for the impact of timing, our expectations for the full year adjusted EBITDA margins would be higher by another few points. For the full year, we expect our revenue as a percentage of gross bookings to be just over 14%, lower than our prior expectations for mid-14% range, due primarily to timing differences between gross bookings and revenue recognition, driven by stronger bookings than previously expected, some of which are related to travel expected to occur in 2023. Compared to the 15.6% take rate in 2019, the expected take rate in 2022 includes almost a full point of noted impact from timing, about 40 basis points from a slower recovery in advertising and other revenue, which have no associated gross bookings and about 30 basis points from increased mix of flights. The benefit to take rates in 2022 from increased revenues associated with payments is offset by our increased investments in merchandising, each of which impacts our reported take rates by about 1% in 2022 compared with about 0.5% each in 2019. These changes in payment revenues and merchant costs versus 2019 are mainly on Booking.com. Looking forward into window months, the booking window continues to be shorter than it was in 2019, which means that we would expect lower levels of future stays already on our books. Given this, we are pleased that the gross bookings we've already received at Booking.com for in Q1, up about 25% in euros versus the same time in 2019. Of course, we note that high percentage of these bookings are cancellable. While this represents a relatively small percentage of the total revenue we record in Q1, we think it's a helpful early data points to share. In closing, we're pleased with our Q3 results and the trends that we're seeing into Q4 and early into 2023. We remain confident that our strategic priority is the right ones and will enable us to provide better travel services for our customers and partners. We'll now move to Q&A. And Sylvie, can you please open the lines?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question will be from Lloyd Walmsley at UBS. Please go ahead.
Lloyd Walmsley: All right. Two, if I can. First, it sounds like you're not seeing any consumer weakness right now, but are there any actions you're thinking about taking or approaches to the cost to batten down the hatches ahead of what could be a tough year from a macro standpoint? And maybe help us think about fixed cost growth and marketing posture for next year? And then second one would just be, can you give us an update on payments monetization and profitability? I appreciate some of the added disclosure you gave us this quarter. But maybe where are we in the rollout of FX translation? And how should we think about impact of that on take rates and profitability maybe over the next year or so?
Glenn Fogel: Lloyd, why don't I take the first one. I'll let David talk about payments, then add anything he wants in terms of fixed cost going forward. So obviously, we are very pleased with third quarter and we are very pleased with what we're seeing, albeit it's small numbers into the first quarter. David just talked about that 25% on the books in Europe in euros, I'd like to see that. Your question is, is there anything we're seeing from consumer sentiment or on expanding some macro that may be inhibiting growth or be hurt in the future? And something that's very hard to know is what's the counter factual. And we're doing well measure would be if all these terrible things that we read in the newspapers have not been happening, how much better would it be? I can't measure that? I don't know. What I do know, though, is that we are seeing good numbers, and we're pleased with where we are. We know that we've been through bad times in the past and were able to do very well. We've made adjustments where we've had to. I've been now in this company for 23 years almost. We've had some recessions and we have some real disasters. And we have managed this company extremely well steering it through some very stormy weather and being able to adjust. So many of our expenses are variable, so we can adjust very quickly and we adjust automatically almost as volumes change. But I'm feeling good right now, albeit the world can change any time, and I'll let David now talk to you want to say about specifically fixed expenses and also about payments.
David Goulden: Yes. Thank you, Glenn. I just point that about two-thirds of our expenses are variable, which is caused a very important starting point. We, of course, do look at the fixed payments costs very carefully, but just put that into context. And then also just to clarify, the 25% is actually a Booking.com global number, not just Europe, it's around the whole business. So I think Glenn said what we need to say about the expense side. We will -- we have an agenda to move forward, we really want to continue enhancing our products and services and obviously, that requires continued investments and movement towards further important payments that the connected trip. Relative to the payment platform, of course, we are pleased with the progress. We did give you some additional delay, as you mentioned. So you get a feel for what the revenues are for payments now, also you get a feel of what the corresponding expenses are in sales and others that offset those revenues. Because as we said, this year, we're running the payments platform at about breakeven when you look at revenues and you subtract the sales and other expenses. What I'll also tell you is that relative to 2019, payments is having about 0.5 basis points or about 0.5 point impact on our EBITDA margins as that mix of revenue has increased our breakeven or at mix revenue has increased. Now of course, back in 2019, we actually weren't a breakeven, but the combined impact of where we were to where we are now is about 0.5 point of headwind on our margin, but of course, is giving us additional capabilities. Going forward, room night has not changed. So we do expect to turn to profitability in that combination of payments platform, a combination of revenues, less sales and expenses in 2023. We are rolling out FX and other services on a market-by-market basis. And of course, testing levels we always do before we continue to push them further. We have an exciting road map. It's a multiyear road map for payments. I don't expect anything to change very rapidly in the course of 12 months, it will be a course of multiple years. But if you look at the sources we can provide for our business today in terms of reducing friction for customers and bookers and then we can look at how payments can really help underpin the factor in the future, we're very encouraged and excited about it. I think with the additional disclosure we give you today will be help have a more constructive dialogue upon how it's doing going forward against those benchmarks.
Operator: Next question will be from Brian Nowak at Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Brian Nowak: I have two. I appreciate the color on the U.S. almost growing 30%. I guess -- the question on the U.S. as you're sort of looking at the different regions of the globe from a profitability perspective, can you just help us understand where you are at this point from the U.S. from a profit contribution perspective? Or is it still sort of very much in investment mode to drive growth? And how do you think about the path to making that a more -- a more profitable region for the company? And the second one, I'm going to mispronounce it. It's a Majorelle and Majorelle, I apologize. David, can you just talk us again about how do we think about the puts and takes or potential tailwinds of that arrangement into 2023 to the P&L?
David Goulden: Okay. Brian, we can take in reverse order. So Majorelle, you're very close, is basically, from a P&L point of view, this year is just moving around geography because always going through a transition phase, I think we mentioned that about $25 million of personnel expense quarter and about $6 million of G&A expense a quarter move out of those lines respectively and into sales and other. And that started in June 1. Essentially, starting in Q3 and Q4, you see the full impact of that. As we mentioned, the policy Majorelle does have some cost benefits to it, but really most about flexibility. It's about our ability to flexible down quickly, respond to different market needs, different pictures of languages. So over the longer term, compared to continuing to build out ourselves, there are some cost benefits and it'll start occurring in 2023. We haven't quantified yet. We'll think about whether it makes sense to try and quantify the middleware for you next year. But again, it's not the primary driver. So I'm not saying there are no cost managers. That's not why we entered into that partnership. What we sell says the partnership is working exceptionally well. We just completed the summer period, and our customer service results were also solid under the new regime because we did keep some folks ourselves. On the U.S., well, of course, we are growing. So we're investing. I mean it's no big surprise. We haven't broken out contribution margin dollars in different regions. We don't plan to do that. But obviously, we're investing in the U.S. to grow a position, which is continued to increase. And as that increases over time, we'll be able to deliver higher profitability for it. But we're not -- we're not any way this leaves with what we're doing in the U.S. And obviously, it's a market where people do make money, and we do too, just maybe not the same rate as the market we're not investing in price heavily.
Operator: Next question will be from Kevin Kopelman at Cowen. Please go ahead.
Kevin Kopelman: Just a follow-up on the marketing spend. Could you characterize how you see the competitive environment right now on advertising channels over Q3 and quarter-to-date? How that compared to earlier in the year and maybe also compared to 2019?
Glenn Fogel: One, I just mentioned in general and then if David want to state specific. Look, marketing for travel is always extraordinarily competitive. It's never not competitive. No matter what channel you're spending your money, it's competitive. And we're always trying to make the right judgment and how much money to spend, what we think the ROI is going to be and looking into it for the long view in terms of what this does in terms of our overall building the franchise. I can't give any specifics in terms of up and down. David can talk about percentages of the amount of marketing spend we've been doing versus gross bookings over the last couple of years. But again, the market is never less competitive. It's always competitive, and I think we have performed very, very well regardless.
Glenn Fogel: Go ahead, Kevin, please. Do you have the second question?
Kevin Kopelman: Just a kind of a separate follow-up on investment levels. Can you talk about just how headcount has been trending? Kind of what you're doing now in terms of hiring? And any color on how that looks over the next year?
David Goulden: Sure. Just to finish up on Glenn's point on the market environment. Remember that we did say that our ROIs were a little lower this last point in Q3, as we expected. We targeted lower ROIs obviously that we chose to drive ourselves to continue to lean into the recovery. Also remember, our ROIs were actually, in fact, higher in the first half than they were in 2019. So you have a little bit in that context. Investment levels, we continue to be -- I'd say, we continue to want to invest in the business. But of course, we do recognize some of the backlog factor. We're not going to pull back anything strategic from what we want to do if we have a short-term slowdown. But of course, we are looking at how many people we add and where we are to make sure we are them against the things that really matter most for the business, as you would expect us to do.
Operator: Next question will be from Mark Mahaney at Evercore. Please go ahead.
Mark Mahaney : Two questions, please. Can you talk about how you have been able to drive up that mobile app usage? There's obviously got great benefits for the business model. But how have you been able to do it? And just -- I know you'd like to get it higher. How much higher? What's realistic for how much higher it could get? And then if you could, please double-click on the flights business? And where are you now in terms of rolling that out and to how many markets, how broadly used is it or how high is the awareness of the product? Just talk about what the growth path is just for those flights product.
Glenn Fogel: Mark, so you're very right about the importance of the mobile app, and I say that every single prepared remarks call we do, I always mentioned it's an important part of our platform. How we are doing is by creating a great experience for the people who are using it. That's the same thing we all think you're trying to get somebody uses provide a great experience will come back and they'll tell all the people, et cetera. We're not necessarily doing anything really different than anything anyone else does, but just doing it well. In terms of when do -- what would be the top level for it? That's hard to say because as the people who create these mobile devices continue to prove upon it and people find it more advantageous to use that versus their desktops, it's hard to say, but it could be an extremely high number that people go to the mobile device. Now our job is to make sure people use our app use mobile web search where we have to pay, which is one of the key things. We mentioned, I think, over 60% of our business was going in mobile, but 45% is at the app. So obviously, we want to make anybody using the mobile device. We want them to use the app is how to direct them. Regarding flights, I should have checked countries. I haven't done that recently. It's an awful lot, but some of the areas is a relatively low amount because there's very little awareness. I think, for example, I give you an extreme. I know we brought up Pakistan, not that long ago, not a lot of flights yet in Pakistan, but we are getting out there. The key thing for us again is creating a better experience. And I'll be honest with you. Our flight product is not yet, what I would say, as good as it should be. We continue to improve upon it, make it better than it's been in the past, providing the features that some other of our competitors offer up to consumers that we don't do yet that we want to offer. So there's a lot of upside left in this, I think a tremendous amount of upside. And the numbers are still, while we like the growth rates, it's still relatively small.
Operator: Next question will be from Justin Post at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Justin Post: Great. One for Glenn. Obviously, merchandising, I think you all at a one point headwind, payments might be offsetting. But can you explain why you think that's a good thing to do? Is it training the consumer? Is this something you have to comp next year? Why do you like that aspect of the business? And then maybe for David, assuming we don't have a real unusual year for travel. As you think about the unwind of the timing differences and the added marketing spend this year, how do we think about those kind of unwinding next year? And then maybe last, if you want to call anything about 1Q. I remember, I think we had a real COVID slow start to the quarter and then bookings really accelerated in March. If there's anything unusual in Q1 we should be thinking about.
Glenn Fogel: So I'll talk a little bit about merchandising. A couple of things. First thing is, so can be an investment that we're making, a way to bring in customers, retain customers or ways that we feel it necessary to be competitive against other OTAs or our suppliers even. The fact is that we're always looking where to spend the money at the best return. And merchandising, if we see somebody else is off in a lower price, we recognize that one of the most important things is to give a competitive price, and we need to make sure that we're offering that up to the customer. Many times, we want to do my talk with our supplier partners and making sure they bring us as I said in the prepared remarks about bringing us the most competitive prices. But if for some reason is not available, and we feel a need, we'll put money in there to make sure that our customers like to at Booking.com and we'll provide them with a great place to do their travel bookings. That's one. Second thing is I want to make sure everybody understands that merchandising doesn't always mean a discount by us. It can mean lots of things. People offering up some other type of benefit, for example. Although it if somebody were to offer up a upgrade in a room, I'll consider that a merchandising technique to do. If somebody offers a free breakfast at the hotel, I'll consider that too. We're not paying for that breakfast, it's the free breakfast. So parts of ways to do lots of levers to play. That's one of the things we think is so important is making sure that we are providing the most competitive offering out in the space and in addition, being able to use all of our investments in the right way at the right time to get the right return. And as a lot of data to see where is it best to be put out. I'll let David go with the other two questions.
David Goulden: Yes. Thanks, Glenn. Yes, in terms of -- just as looking forward, on the timing side, I mentioned the timing is costing us about 1 point of take rate this year. We think we have most of that back next year, maybe not 100% of it. There probably be some timing impact. But again, it's really a function of what the growth rates look like going into and going out of the year, but assume we get most of that back. On the marketing and merchandising side combined, that's where we've been leading in this year to really take advantage of a recovering marketplace. We certainly will be deleveraging on those lines further next year. But we want to see really what the market looks like in terms of how much recovery there is left to get it sort of recovering interact travel recovery. There are a few things that have not yet gone back to where they were before. So we'll look at exactly what the right level of investment is. And if we feel that we continue to gain share, we believe we're gaining this year, we believe we gained share last year. We share gains in outlets we have that we may maintain those levels for a while until we get back to a more normal market growth rate. And we'll give you more thinking on where we are on that spectrum when we get together in February we completed our planning process for the year, and we've got a bit more visibility into next year. And then finally, on your Q1 question, yes, Q1 last year was unusual. Omicron was really having an impact. We'll have to see exactly what happens the different variants that are out there this year. We wanted to give you that stats about 25% more gross bookings on the books. For next year, we had the same half of '19 for the first quarter of 2020 as a way to understand the book is building quite nicely for Q1. Obviously, there's a lot of ground to happen between now and their store represents a relatively small percentage of what we'll do in total in Q1 for revenue, but we think it's a -- it's a positive stat. And if a stat we gave out a couple -- actually for the last two quarters and the number was more like 15% forward growth, not 25% and in both cases, the revenue for the quarter wound up being a fair amount higher than our early indicator as those books built. Now again, don't forget -- I'm talking about the euro number, just to be clear, was 25%.
Operator: Next question would be from Doug Anmuth at JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Doug Anmuth: I have two. I know you indicated you're not seeing hotel trade down or shortening of trips. I just wanted to clarify, is that the case across all geographies? And do you have any more relative stability in the U.S. versus other regions? And then secondly, how should we think about ADR growth? I know you said it continues to be strong. But as you look into '23, just factors around FX and any relevant mix factors and like-for-like potential pressures as well?
Glenn Fogel: So Doug, I'll start with the hotel trading down stars or I have not seen anything in any sort of geographical area that would anything stand out differently. We're seeing people who want to travel to have a significant amount of savings over this COVID period and they want to travel and some are even traveling longer to stay and enjoying it regardless of what the economic situation is. So we -- I have not seen anything and David, you saw I would say anything that where you talk about what we're seeing for ADRs going forward, I'm not sure we've said we were going to say publicly.
David Goulden: Yes. On the mix -- on the trade down, Doug, as you mentioned, we're not seeing that in Europe to be perfectly clear because that's where sometimes people are asking the question, but we're not seeing global either. So it's just not factor, but particularly, it's also not a factor in Europe either. On the ADRs that we got some takes into next year, we'll talk in constant currency because it's difficult to know exactly how exchange rates are going to move on us. We're not really -- so the 28 points of constant currency ADR mix we saw in Q3, and we saw continued roughly same level into October was 26 points from rates and only 2 percentage points from mix. So as ADR continues to rebound, we'll lose that 2-point of mix, which is really what's driving right now, the fact that Asia had a lot of mix down it used to be. So that will go away. But obviously, most of what we're seeing is rate driven. And as we talk to our property partners, they continue to be facing the same expense pressure and inflation pressures that made people face you in terms of utility, energy, labor, et cetera. So we'll see how the environment develops and we have no other color on that to give at this point in time. We'll update you again when we get to February, if we see anything differently.
Operator: Next question will be from Eric Sheridan at Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe a few, if I can, on the alternative accommodation space where you made some interesting comments there. When you think about supply growth, are there any areas of either geographic focus or mix or types of properties or types of duration stays that are levels of target for supply growth as you look out into '23 and beyond in terms of alternative accommodations? Is there any color also you can give us on, as you have more of that type of supply to show that the consumer what that might do to either a traffic conversion or ROI in the platform as you have a wider array of inventory to show the consumer? And the last piece for you, is there any element of either mix or size of the business you're sort of thinking about in terms of striking the right balance between traditional inventory and alternative accommodation inventory over the long term?
Glenn Fogel: So Eric, basic concept for us has always been more is better, more supply is better and it's always the consumer's choice of what they want to stay, where they want to stay. They want to stay in a home or villa, apartment or a hotel, that's it. So in terms of overall, we do need to continue working hard at getting more supply of all types. I've talked many times in the past about our need for the single property, the home specifically that we need to build. I talk geography. I've always talked about we need to build in the U.S. even better. And one of the things is creating a better onboarding experience for people who own these properties, improving the payments for these people, coming up with ways they feel better about having some may stay in their property with an insurance type property. These are something that we have been working on that we brought out, and we're going to continue to roll things out down the road to make it better for the owners and the managers of these properties to be willing to put it up on our platform. Now I believe the -- and this is what we've seen over many, many years is that as we bring more and more supply in, that will help us build the business. And I absolutely think that this is something that is not some is going to require some rocket science or some great thing that can't be invented. People are doing this. We just need to continue to work on it, put people to work, create the things necessary, and we will roll this out on the is taking longer than I would like, but I am very pleased with where we are. And I think some of the numbers that we've talked about are encouraging.
Operator: Next question will be from Naved Kahn at Truist Securities. Please go ahead.
Naved Khan: Glenn, I think you mentioned you see opportunities to enhance the experience in the mobile app. Can you give an example of what kind of things we could see there? And then I don't know if you guys updated us on the mix of urban and cross-border any stats that would be pretty helpful.
Glenn Fogel: I'll let Dave talk about stat you want to revolve about urban or. But in term of the app, I'll give you one right off the bat that I think is a -- and again, I look at it as a traveller, I say, what am I missing? Why am I not getting this? Something is simple as, as you know, we have attraction, so we're building that up right now. But in destination, I need to have things being popping up on my screen from our app, telling me great things to do, maybe the discount or skip a line, things that will make somebody say, "Gee, using Booking.com for this travel experience is much better because I'm getting so much more." And I can go through so many different examples of that. The great thing about the mobile app is in people's hands or in their pocket book or in their pocket, they're carrying it with them. And that gives us the connection to be able to provide better service, better things to do, better value. And that's why it's such an important part of this connected trip vision. David, I don't know if you want to give anything from any steps?
David Goulden: No sense on the note to say that historically, is we've had a heavier weight of mix urban not. So as recovery continues, if people go back to cities and other locations that usually is a positive for us, but no stats on mix. On cross-border, we did tell you that we're back up to 45% of our bookings now in the third quarter. For international, that's down from a little over 50% on a pre-pandemic basis. So there's still some decent recovery left there to we had as things continue to normalize back to where they were.
Operator: Next question will be from Lee Horowitz at Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Lee Horowitz: Two on margins that -- margin, if I could. When you think about margins beyond this year, how does the strength in direct and applicants impact the way you think about the long-term margin profile of the business, particularly with some of your growth initiatives like flights having lower margin than your core could direct end of offsetting these headwinds in the fullness of time? And then when you think about the shape of margins perhaps next year, how it all should we be thinking about APAC being potentially a source of premium growth impact in the overall margin profile of the business in 2023?
David Goulden: Yes, Lee, I really try to talk about 2023 margins today. That's really a conversation for next February, but maybe longer term, is a place to have to kind of recap on what we're thinking and save the 2023 commentary for them. So as we said, the -- our strategy here is to build a better product and service for customers and partners. So they'll come back to us more frequently and more directly. And obviously, our direct mix is super important and direct mix is tied heavily to frequency and to people who do more with. People who bought a buy multiple things from us are much more likely to come back to us directly in the through the pay channel. So yes, of course, there are some headwinds to our volume profile because of our business mix changing and is changing from almost the pure accommodation business, having a higher mix of payments, a high mix of flights and those are of course lower margin businesses, we've had that conversation before. But most important thing we can do to kind of keep our margins in a strong position is to continue to drive that mix of direct up, and that will impact all parts of the business. But as we said before, we'll be industry-leading profitability and margins. Because of the mix factors, we do not have a -- we believe that medium term, the margin will be a little bit lower than they were in 2019, but we'll have a faster growing business with more EBITDA, more earnings per share that's growing faster than the top line and bottom line, we think that's the most important thing.
Operator: Next question will be from Mario Lu at Barclays. Please go ahead.
Mario Lu: The first one is on the room night guide in the fourth quarter, the 10% for 2019. I guess, can you talk a little bit more about what you saw in October? Did the trends within the month get worse as we exited the month? Just trying to tie that 10% versus 12% in October? .
David Goulden: So yes, sure. The 10% room night guide, it's -- it's really a framework what we give you for Q4. There's still a lot of volatility. And obviously, we can't predict exactly what's going to happen to room nights in November and December, given the back were out there. But what we did was say, look, we grew -- we've been growing at 10% increase up to 12%. It's a nice round number to kind of pin our commentary to with Q4 to explain to you what the shape of the P&L might be. It does not indicate that there was a slowdown at the end of October. In fact, room night growth was fairly linear at 12% throughout the entire month of October. So it's more of a framework than it is a hard guy. But of course, we give you a number to kind of think about when building your models, but it's not reflective of anything we're seeing in October, either slowing down or speeding up. It's just a way to think about the shape of the income statement and how things might look in Q4.
Mario Lu: And then just one on alternative combinations. You guys mentioned as a percentage of total, it's around 30%, slightly higher than 3Q '19. I guess, are there any low-hanging fruit or opportunities ahead to kind of increase this percentage over the next couple of years?
Glenn Fogel: Well, I mean, we could easily increase that if we didn't do so well in hotels. It's one of those things where we think of this holistically, we want to get more bookings, as I mentioned earlier. This is really a case where the consumer makes the decision, not us. We think one of the great advantages of our platform is that we offer all the different types of accommodations. And we have seen the data where people come to our site. And the first thing they're looking at may be one type of combination, let's say, hotel. They end up booking with a home because they saw that in the search results and they were going back and forth looking around. It's really so that we're very pleased to have that ability to offer up all the types of accommodations to the customer. So I don't see anything to try and artificially try and drive more people to the alternative accommodations necessarily a thing that's going to increase the value of the company. I think providing the customer with what they want, what they need, what they think is best for them is really the right way being consumer-centric and really driving that is the best way to build the company.
Operator: Your last question will be from Stephen Ju at Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Stephen Ju: So Glenn, your unit growth commentary in the U.S. was actually very interesting. So can you talk about the relative size of your user base for Booking.com in the U.S. versus, say, Priceline? And presumably booking continues to grow, do you think it's necessary to support both brands longer term. And if you were to take one step out and zoom out more globally, there was always a sharper line in the sand between the consumer experience on booking and? Or do you think as you do more merchandising and connected trips, should we be thinking about a unified brand position under Booking.com?
Glenn Fogel: Yes. So let me talk in general about why we have different brands. We have different brands because they offer a different user experience to the consumer and the different things that they are aiming to do different strategies. We really -- we totally understand the issue of are we calling excess cost? Are there ways to save money by doing things that are not duplicative? So we are -- we understand that. We are working all the time looking at those things that we can try and improve upon. But at this time, I do not see any reason I'd want to separate out and say, well, we're going to at one of these and just go under one brand. Some of our competitors have done that. And to me, that may be there -- our strategy is to continue with the differentiation among these brands and continue to build them out the way they're doing them. In terms of the actual North U.S. for Priceline versus booking, I don't believe we never disclose anything of that nature. So I think we're going to sit tight with that and keep going the way we are.
Operator: At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Fogel. Please go ahead.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. And I want to thank our partners, our customers, our dedicated employees and our shareholders. We appreciate your support as we continue to build on the long-term vision for the company. Thank you, everyone, and good night.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, this does indeed conclude your conference call for today. Once again, thank you for attending. And at this time, we do ask that you please disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-03 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, everyone and welcome to Booking Holdings’ Second Quarter 2022 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guaranteed of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings’ actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of Booking Holdings’ earning press release as well as Booking Holdings’ most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings’ earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings’ website, www.bookingholdings.com. And now, I would like to introduce Booking Holdings’ speakers for this afternoon, Mr. Glenn Fogel, CEO and Mr. David Goulden, CFO. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you and welcome to Booking Holdings’ second quarter conference call. I am joined this afternoon by our CFO, David Goulden. I am pleased to announce that we reached another milestone in our company’s recovery with room nights for Q2 being the first quarter in which we have surpassed 2019 pre-pandemic levels. Our customers booked 246 million room nights in the second quarter, so just shy of 0.25 billion room nights, which represented an increase of 16% versus Q2 2019 and a significant improvement from the 9% decline in Q1. We continue to see very strong accommodation ADR growth, which helped drive an even higher 38% increase in gross bookings in the second quarter or 48% growth on a constant currency basis. Both our room nights and gross bookings in Q2 were our company’s highest quarterly amounts ever for these metrics. While we continue to see bookings growth in July versus 2019, the pace of growth moderated to about 4% for room nights and just over 20% for gross bookings or about 35% growth on a constant currency basis with room night and gross bookings growth slightly improving in the back half of the month versus the comparable weeks in 2019. For the remainder of the summer period through the end of Q3, we see higher gross bookings on the books than at this point in 2019, which we believe will result in a record revenue for the third quarter, which is our seasonally largest revenue quarter. Looking towards the rest of the year, Booking.com, we see solid gross bookings for the fourth quarter, which are about 15% higher than at this same point in 2019 on a euro basis. Though I note that a high percentage of these bookings are cancelable and current FX rates will negatively impact that growth rate in dollars by about 10 percentage points. The booking window remains shorter than it was at this point in 2019, which somewhat limits our visibility into how Q4 will continue to develop. And although conditions could change rapidly, we are cautiously optimistic on the data we are seeing so far. David will provide further details on the recent trends we have been seeing. Now, we recognize that there is uncertainty around the macroeconomic environment and questions about the strength of consumer demand through the end of this year and into next year. And while it is extremely difficult to accurately predict the near-term economic environment, I am as confident as ever in consumers’ strong desire to travel, the attractive long-term growth profile of the travel industry and our improving longer term competitive position. With our industry leading margins, high-quality earnings, strong free cash flow and liquidity position and solid balance sheet, we believe we are well-positioned to navigate any potential near-term economic uncertainty and continue our work attracting customers and partners to our platform, while making progress on our key strategic priorities of payments and the connected trip vision. In terms of attracting customers to our platform, our unique active customers at Booking.com surpassed 2019 levels in the second quarter, driven by very strong growth in returning customers who have not made a previous booking over a year as well as growth in repeat customers. Our mix of customers booking directly on our platforms reached its highest second quarter level ever. We aim to build on increasing our direct mix through several initiatives, including by continuing to enhance the benefits of our Genius loyalty program, further building out our connected trip vision to increase engagement with our customers and driving more of our customers to download and utilize the mobile app. In our mobile app, we see the strongest direct repeat customer behavior when compared to our other platforms like desktop or mobile web. Consistent with the first quarter, over 40% of our room nights were booked through our apps in the second quarter which is about 10 percentage points higher than in 2019. Booking.com’s app continue to set new records in terms of monthly active users in Q2 and remains the number one downloaded OTA app globally according to a third-party research firm. As I said before, the app is a critical platform as it allows us more opportunities to engage directly with travelers and ultimately, we see it as the center of our connected trip vision. We will continue our efforts to enhance the app experience to build on the recent success we have seen here. For our supply partners, we strive to be a valuable partner to all the combination types on our platform by delivering incremental demand and developing products and features to help support their businesses. Alternative accommodation in room nights, Booking.com grew about 25% versus 2019 and representing about a third of Booking.com’s total room nights in Q2. We continue improving our alternative accommodation product globally with an additional focus on the U.S. market. In the first quarter, we launched partner liability insurance for our alternative accommodation supply partners with global coverage. In the second quarter, we launched enhanced payment solution for professional property managers in the U.S. and have made progress increasing adoption by our partners. Finally, we started rolling out the damage policy option for partners in the second quarter and have continued expanding this option to more countries in the third quarter. Each of these initiatives helps add important features to our alternative accommodation offering, which we believe strengthens our efforts to attract more properties and partners onto our platform. In the second quarter, we saw the largest sequential net increase in alternative accommodation properties since 2019 and we now have 6.6 million alternative accommodation listings on Booking.com. We are encouraged by the increase in alternative accommodation supply that we have seen so far this year and we aim to further build on this growth as we move through the second half of the year. Let me now talk about the progress we have made in our interrelated strategic priorities of payments and the connected trip vision. Of this, 38% of Booking.com’s gross bookings were processed through our payment platform in the second quarter, which is our highest quarterly level ever. We continue to increase adoption of payments by our property partners, with over 60% of our total Q2 gross bookings coming from properties that have adopted payments. So, this means that about two-thirds of the bookings at payment-enabled properties are being processed via payments. We believe Booking.com’s payment services drive benefits for both our travelers and our supplier partners across hotels, alternative accommodations, cars, flights and attractions. Furthermore, we believe that Booking.com’s payment platform helps deliver a more seamless and frictionless booking experience, which are important elements of our larger connected trip vision. On the connected trip, I think it’s a helpful reminder to talk to what we are hoping to achieve with this vision. Our vision for the connected trip strives to make booking and experiencing travel easier, more personal and more enjoyable while delivering better value to our customers and a way to provide marketing opportunities to our supplier partners. And as a result, we believe over time we will drive increase in customer engagement, share spend and loyalty. First, we are looking to increase the engagement of customers on our platform by solving more of our customers’ travel problems than just finding the right accommodation of Booking.com as we have done in the past. A simple example of solving a problem and driving additional engagement would be proactively suggesting options for top attractions that can be booked seamlessly in our app while our travelers a destination and looking for something to do. Another example is our testing discounted transportation from the airport to the hotel for say a high-value accommodation customer. And the ground transportation supplier might in the future be providing a discounted price that is specific for our customer, because we are able to provide incremental business. Second, we see the opportunity to increase our share of customers’ travel spend. We estimate that pre-pandemic, our customers’ annual spend on Booking.com represented only about 25% of their total travel spend on average. We believe that by making it easier to book multiple elements of the trip in one place, we can take more part of that travel spend onto our platform. Even in core accommodations and even with top customers, we believe there are opportunities to improve our share of spend over time. And we want to increase customer loyalty and drive a higher direct mix through our app over time. We believe by addressing our customers’ critical needs of value, choice and convenience through our connected trip vision we will deliver an improved experience and increase the likelihood that our customers come back to us again on a direct basis. This year, we continue to make progress as we work on building the foundation of the connected trip, including developing a flight offering of Booking.com. This flight offering gives us the ability to engage with potential customers who choose their flight options early in their discovery process and allows us an opportunity to suggest other services to these flight bookers. Flights continues to be a source for new customers with about one quarter or 4 of our flight bookers globally being new to Booking.com with an even higher share of new customers in the U.S. In conclusion, I am encouraged by our strong second quarter results and the record level of summer travel we are seeing now. Our teams are working hard to continue making progress in several key areas, including the app, the Genius program, our alternative accommodation offering, payments at Booking.com and building towards our connected trip vision. Through this work, we believe we are building a better offering for our customers and partners while strengthening our long-term competitive position. While there is uncertainty around the near-term macroeconomic environment, we are as confident as ever in the long-term growth of travel and in the opportunities ahead for our company. I will now turn the call over to our CFO, David Goulden.
David Goulden: Thank you, Glenn and good afternoon. I will review our results for the second quarter and provide some color on trends we have seen so far in the third quarter. All growth rates for 2022 are relative to the comparable period in 2019 unless otherwise indicated. Information regarding reconciliation of non-GAAP results to GAAP results can be found in our earnings release. Now, on to our results for the second quarter. Room nights in the second quarter were up 16%, a 25 point improvement from Q1 and our first full quarter of room night growth versus 2019. On our May earnings call, we discussed how we started off the quarter with a 10% increase in room nights for the month of April, which was a 14 point improvement from March. As we move into May, we saw further strength in room nights resulting in 22% growth for the month. June room night growth of 14% landed between April and May. For Q2 on a regional basis, room nights in Europe were up over 20%. The U.S. was up about 30%. Rest of world was up in the mid-teens, and Asia was down high single-digits with all regions improving from Q1 levels. The improvement from Q1 was helped by all regions with Europe and Asia contributing the most. Mobile bookings, particularly through our apps, represents about 60% of our total room nights in the second quarter. Our apps were over two-thirds of our mobile bookings and over 40% of total room nights, which was in line with the first quarter. In the second quarter, we continued to see an increasing mix of our total room nights coming to us through the direct channel versus Q2 2019 and versus Q2 2021. The international mix of our room nights in Q2 was about 45%, an increase from about 40% in Q1. Q2 international room nights were up mid single-digits compared to Q2 2019 levels, which was the first quarter of growth versus 2019 for international. And these international room nights drove most of the overall improvements in room night growth from Q1 to Q2. The improvement in international room nights we saw continue to be driven by travel within Europe and these cross-border room night bookings continue to have on average longer length of stay and a shorter booking window than comparable bookings in 2019. In Q2, we also saw an encouraging improvement in long-haul international room nights, which almost recovered to 2019 levels. We saw very strong growth in our domestic room nights in the second quarter, also an improvement from Q1. We were pleased to see our cancellation rates below 2019 levels in Q2. You will recall our Q1 cancellation rates were about in line with 2019. In Q2, the booking window of Booking.com moved closer to 2019 levels than it was in Q1, but remained shorter than 2019 across all major regions. The booking window expanded versus the second quarter of 2021. Our alternative accommodations of Booking.com, our room night growth rate was 25% in Q2 versus Q2 2019 and the global mix of alternative accommodation room nights was about 32%, which was about in line with Q2 2021 and a couple of percentage points higher than Q2 2019. Within Europe, our mix of alternative accommodations continues to be meaningfully higher than the global average. In North America, our mix of alternative accommodations remains low relative to global average. However, we did see an encouraging increase in mix versus Q2 2021 in that region. Q2 gross bookings of about $35 billion increased 38% versus Q2 2019 or 48% on a constant currency basis. The 38% increase in gross bookings was 22 percentage points better than the 16% room night increase due to 25% higher accommodation constant currency ADRs and also due to a few points from strong flight booking growth across the group partially offset by the 10 percentage points of negative impact from FX improvement – from FX movements. Our accommodation constant currency ADRs benefited by about 2 percentage points from regional mix and about 23 percentage points from rate increases across all of our regions, most notably in Europe and North America, especially in high-demand, leisure-oriented destinations. Constant currency ADR growth versus 2019 accelerated from 18% in Q1 to 25% in Q2 due primarily to higher rates in Europe. Despite the higher ADRs in the second quarter, we have not seen a change in the mix of hotel start rate levels being booked or changes in length of stay that could indicate that consumers are trading down. We will continue to watch these dynamics closely. Airline tickets booked in the second quarter were up about 190% versus a small base in 2019 and up 31% versus 2021 driven by the continued expansion of Booking.com’s Fly platform. Consolidated revenue for the second quarter was $4.3 billion, which was up 13% versus 2019, up about 20% on a constant currency basis. Revenue as a percentage of gross bookings was about 275 basis points below Q2 2019, down more than our expectations due primarily to the timing differences between gross bookings and revenue recognition driven by stronger bookings than we expected in Q2. Our underlying accommodation take rates were about in line with Q2 2019 levels. Marketing expense, which is a highly variable expense item, increased 27% versus Q2 2019. Marketing expense as a percentage of gross bookings decreased by about 40 basis points versus Q2 2019, which is better than our expectations, mainly due to higher than expected marketing ROIs in a high-intent travel environment. Additionally, our direct mix was a little higher than we expected. Sales and other expenses were up 87% versus Q2 2019 due to a higher volume of merchant gross bookings and higher third-party call center costs. 38% of Booking.com’s gross bookings were processed through our payments platform in Q2, up from 16% in Q2 2019. Compared with Q2 2021, sales and other expenses as a percentage of gross bookings were up about 40 basis points, slightly better than our expectations of up 60 basis points. Our more fixed expenses in aggregate were better than our expectations, up 7% versus Q2 2021 primarily due to a slower-than-expected ramp-up in terms of our G&A and IT expenses. Adjusted EBITDA was $1.1 billion in the second quarter, which is better than our expectations. If we were to normalize for negative timing impact on revenue in the second quarter, our adjusted EBITDA would have been meaningfully higher than in Q2 2019. In addition, the changes in FX rates are negatively impacting the translation of our EBITDA to U.S. dollars. Our Q2 EBITDA would have been about 10% higher if FX were in line with Q2 2019. Non-GAAP net income of $776 million results in non-GAAP EPS of about $19 a share, which is down 19% versus Q2 2019. On a GAAP basis, we had operating income of $1 billion and net income of $857 million in Q2. Now, on to our cash and liquidity position. Our Q2 ending cash investment balance of $14.2 billion was up versus our Q1 ending balance of $12.8 billion, primarily driven by $2.6 billion of free cash flow, partially offset by about $1.3 billion in share repurchases in Q2. The increase in free cash flow included a $2.1 billion benefit from change in working capital due to the increase in our deferred merchant bookings and other current liabilities, partially offset by the increase in our accounts receivable. We continue to return capital to shareholders and more recently have increased the pace of our repurchase given the pullback in our share price. In addition to the $1.3 billion of share repurchase in Q2, we repurchased another $840 million of our shares in the month of July, which brings our year-to-date repurchases to just over $3 billion and our outstanding authorization to about $7.4 billion. Given our recent increased pace of share repurchases, we now believe we will complete our current authorization in about 2 years from when we started the repurchasing back in January. Now on the recent trends occurred for the third quarter. Juliet room nights increased about 4% versus 2019 or about 7%, excluding Russia, Belarus and Ukraine. Growth fluctuated a bit in July and were strong in the second half of the month versus the comp we reached in 2019. ADR growth remained at Q2 levels, and gross bookings were up just over 20% in July, including some help from flights, partly offset by negative impacts of FX pressure. In July, constant currency gross bookings were up about 35%. Compared with June, growth rates in July moderated in all regions with North America showing the smallest change. In July, Europe room night growth was up mid-single digits and up low double-digits, excluding Russia, Belarus and Ukraine. Growth in the U.S. was up 25%. Rest of world was up low single digits, and Asia was down about 10%, all versus 2019. When thinking about the rest of Q3, we realized there continues to be volatility in the environment, and our commentary assumes that room night growth for the fourth quarter will be at the same level we saw in July. We do expect the strength in ADRs restore in July to continue for the remainder of the third quarter as well as continued strength in price and flight bookings. We expect the difference between the level of room night growth and gross booking growth for the fourth quarter to be a few percentage points less than the 22% it was in Q2 due to factors, including more FX pressure in Q3. We expect FX pressure gross bookings by about 12% in Q3. In July, the overall booking window Booking.com remained strong than it was in 2019, similar to Q2. We expect Q3 revenue as a percentage of gross bookings to be about 70 basis points lower than in Q3 2019 due to investments in merchandising, consistent with our prior commentary about the opportunity for us to lean into a recovering travel market in 2022 and due to an increase in the mix of flights and some impact from FX rates. We expect our underlying accommodation take rates to remain stable. We expect Q3 marketing expense as a percentage of gross bookings will be slightly above Q3 2019 as we expect to invest in capturing demand and increasing awareness during the peak travel season. We expect Q3 sales and other expense as a percentage of gross bookings to be about 40 basis points higher than it was in Q3 2021 due to higher gross booking mix and higher third-party call center costs, including the impact of our partnership with Majorelle. We expect our more fixed expenses in aggregate will be about 20% higher than Q3 2021 with personnel up about 10% and both G&A and IT up meaningfully versus Q3 of last year. The year-on-year increase in G&A is driven by higher dual sales taxes, which are tied to revenue as well as increased personnel-related expenses due to return to a hybrid work environment. We expect IT expenses to increase year-over-year at a similar rate to what we saw in Q2. Taking all this into account, we would expect Q3 adjusted EBITDA to be slightly above Q3 2019. As I noted for Q2, the comparison of our Q3 EBITDA expectations to Q3 2019 is negatively impacted by changes in FX rates. At current exchange rates, we expect that our FX-neutral Q3 EBITDA growth versus 2019 will be about 15 percentage points higher than our expectation on a reported basis. We know there is a lot of interest in what will happen beyond the summer. Booking.com’s gross bookings for the Q4 travel period are over 15% higher than they were at this time in 2019 but with a high percentage of cancelable bookings. The booking window is still shorter than it was in 2019, which reduces the amount of gross bookings that we expect on the books for Q4 at this time. The shorter booking window limits our visibility into Q4, and we recognize that conditions could change rapidly. Please note these Booking.com gross booking trends for Q4 period are on a euro basis. On a dollar basis, these growth rates would be about 10 percentage points lower. We are maintaining the full year EBITDA margin commentary we provided in February and May, and we still expect EBITDA margin for 2022 to be a few points higher than in 2021. As a reminder, timing mainly impacts adjusted EBITDA and EBITDA margins for the year. If it were not for the impact of timing, our expectations for the full year EBITDA margins would be a few points higher than our guidance for the year. As the year has progressed, we revised our allocation of our growth investments between marketing and merchandising. We now expect marketing spend as we’re saying to gross bookings to be about the same as it was in 2019 and expect to spend more on merchandising. This higher merchandising, along with a higher-than-anticipated mix of flights and some negative FX impact, means we expect our take rates for the year will now be in the mid 14% range. Our underlying accommodation take rates remain about the same as we were in 2019. In conclusion, we’re encouraged by our strong Q2 results and by the continued growth above 2019 levels we have seen in July. We remain confident that our focus on customer acquisition and our strategic priorities is the right approach for 2019 – sorry, for 2022. We will now take your questions. Michelle?
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Mark Mahaney of Evercore. Please go ahead.
Mark Mahaney: Let me ask two questions, please: one long-term, one short-term. Long-term, how do you increase, Glenn, that your share of annual spend per customer? If it was 25% in the past, what do you think the best way to increase that is? And what’s a reasonable number? Is it 50%? And then secondly, just near-term on the room night, so this deceleration from May to June and then continuing into Q3, could – is this – it doesn’t sound like you’re seeing macro issues. So is that a comps issue? Or is it just that you’ve had this really material recovery in travel and now that’s starting to fade and become more – is starting to become more of a normal growth environment? So just what’s your interpretation of why we’re seeing that deceleration in the room night growth? Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you, Mark. And question actually has some interrelated themes. So let’s start a little bit with, I’m going to repeat how happy I am. When we spoke last time, and I talked about April being the first month that we were able to say were recovered beyond 2019. And now we have a full quarter where we’ve done very, very well. As you point out, very strong there. And yes, we see that there is been some moderation, but I will repeat, July gross bookings, 35% on a constant currency basis. That’s pretty strong. And yet we know that the recovery is not fully done yet. We know there are countries around the world that are still somewhat inhibiting travel, making it more difficult. And we know we hear about people saying how hard it’s been in some airports. We read about some of the travelers with cancellations and the crowds and you have to come 5 hours before on the airport, all these things. So, why the deceleration? Hard to say and we can all hypothesize about what that is and why and all that. But I do believe there is tremendous opportunity still in this recovery. And then going into your first question about what share we can get, that is something that we will get even more of because I believe in our future, the idea is that we know travel is going to continue to increase in the long run. We don’t know how steady it will be. We know the volatility we see the last 2 years. This recovery is not a linear straight line up. They are ups and downs, up and downs. And now we have some economic things people are talking about and certainly what the mill pandemic. There is a war, as David pointed out, what things would have been without Russia, Belarus. Look, there is a lot of uncertainty in the short run that’s understood, but the long run is fairly certain that travel will continue to increase. Our job is to continue to improve our products and our services so we get that higher share of our current customers get more customers and get a lot of their share to. How do we do that? All the things I talked about. I talk about building out that connected trip. I talk about making the app better. We talk about payments. We talk all things we’re doing. And we’re seeing us gain think that share and we see it has improved. Now what is the ultimate – what we talk 25 should that go? Somebody individual look, this is the average. Some customers, I’m certain, were getting a huge amount of it, some customers less so. And it certainly depends on what kind of product our customers are looking for. And we’ve mentioned in the past that we know in some parts of the world, our alternative accommodations, is not where I want to be yet. We’re working on that to make that better. So sometimes uncertain customers say, I’m going to use Booking.com this type of stay, and I’m going to use some competitor for this other type of stay. That’s an area we can do better and get more share. So I’m not going to come back and say, my goal is x percentage but will come back and say, I absolutely we’re on the right path, and we are growing that share, and we’re going to continue to do that in the long run. David, anything you want to add to that?
David Goulden: No.
Mark Mahaney: Thank you, Glenn.
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Post of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Justin Post: Great. Thank you. It looks like your bookings-to-ad spend ratio was about 19.9% in Q2. That’s up from 18.3%. So it looks like getting progress there, but maybe investing more in merchandising and that’s impacting your take rate. Can you explain why you think this is the right strategy for the company shifting a little bit to merchandising? And then second, it does appear you could be gaining some share of room nights in the U.S. And just trying to think about how you think about those customers repeating. Do you have confidence that spending and getting market share is going to result in better repeat rates next year and you’ll be able to keep those customers? Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: Yes. So actually, your last question actually applies to the earlier part, which is part of our decision how we spend our money, whether it be dollars, euro again, whatever, how do we spend it? To point people to our platform and get them to buy something is factored by what do we think we’re going to get in terms of the return. And when they return is, are they going to come back? Or else they going to come back? Are they coming back direct or not? Do they now make want to pay from the cannot? All of these types of things go into our calculations around our machine learning, all the science we bring in to try and decide what is the best use of the money? And we’re looking, obviously, the markets are dynamic. I haven’t used that word in a while, but we’re going to use it today right now. These markets are dynamic. And whether it’s a performance marketing market you’re looking at or any other type of market in terms of what is the best way to put that money to work to get the best long-term value for our company. And that’s what we’re doing right now. And clearly, David pointed out that we’re leaning more toward some merchandising right now because we believe that is the appropriate use of our money right now to get the best return in the long run for the company. And obviously, one factor is getting to come back again and again, and that’s the important point in trying to make sure that we use the money correctly.
Justin Post: Great, thank you. And maybe a follow-up, are you seeing higher repeat rates? I know it’s early in the transition, but are you seeing higher repeat rates?
Glenn Fogel: Well, I’m going to say that we believe the repeat rates are appropriate for the money we’re spending, and we’re comfortable with how we’re spending it. How about that?
Justin Post: Great. Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lloyd Walmsley of UBS. Please go ahead.
Lloyd Walmsley: Thanks. So you guys have talked in the past about looking to grow room nights in 2023 faster than what you were doing in ‘19. I guess, is that still your ambition? Does the macro make it harder to kind of expect that? And any kind of medium-term outlook you can share? And then secondly, recognizing there is a balance with using the margin for merchandising, but what is the latest update around payments margin, turning that to profitability maybe with FX translation or other value-added services? Are you guys starting to roll those out, thinking about it? What’s the latest thought process and timing there? Thanks.
David Goulden: Yes. Lloyd, let me take both of those. So our goal is absolutely to when we have a fully recovered marketplace, whenever that is, and that gets back to your question about 2023, will that be the case? We don’t know yet. But our view is that when we get back to a more stabilized market growth level, at that point in time, we would expect to be growing fast than we were in 2019. That’s still very much our strategy, our statement based upon the things that Glenn talked about moving forward with the product, building out the connected trip, having a more comprehensive offering and also doing more with payments, which gets back to the second part of your question. So that goal is absolutely out there. Our goal is to be growing on the top line and the bottom line faster than we were in 2019 when we’re into a fully normalized recurrent market environment. So we believe that we can do that. In terms of where are we on the payments platform, we continue to be pleased with the progress that we’re making. We expect to run our payments platform very close to breakeven this year. And we expect to start seeing some positive returns to the payments platform in aggregate in 2023. Some of that will just come through better economics in the core processing of payments, and some of that would be from starting to introduce in a bit more scale. Some of the payment-oriented products that we’re currently experimenting rolling out, we’re currently working on FX options for our customers, paying your own currency-type solutions, buy now, pay later type offerings. Those are the first two we’re experimenting with in different markets right now. We expect to roll it out a little bit more fully in 2023. And the combination of that and some things will also add in 2023 on top of that will move us into a positive position relative to getting a return from payments platform next year.
Lloyd Walmsley: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Kopelman of Cowen. Please go ahead.
Kevin Kopelman: Great. Thanks a lot. Just follow-up on the marketing question, you talked about in the second quarter the kind of high-intent environment. Can you dig into that? Exactly you were seeing there that allows that add ROIs to outperform in Q2 and how has that trended into Q3? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Glenn Fogel: Did you guys – he kind of broke up.
David Goulden: No. I missed the last part, Kevin. How does that turn into and then you cut out?
Kevin Kopelman: Sorry, so if you could dig into the high-intent environment that you described in the second quarter and how – what the drivers were and how that has looked into the third quarter.
David Goulden: Thank you. Let me take that, Glenn, add some color. So we would please see the ROIs better than our expectation in the second quarter and to get some leverage on that marketing spend. It’s obviously the biggest single line in our income statement. And we characterize it as a high-intent environment in Q2 because there is no single factor that kind of led to that. It’s a multiplicity of things. As you know, the calculation of ROI is based upon many, many different variables. Some of the ones that made a difference to the positive in the second quarter, having a lower cancellation rate helped with ROIs. We saw some strengthening length of stays versus what we were expecting and also versus 2019. And some of the ADR trends also helped us. There are other factors as well. But I’d point out those three as ones that certainly had a meaningful impact on the overall ROI environment. And just to a lot of people, a lot of volume in environment. And as we said, people were booking and they weren’t canceling. That’s going to be part of what we mean by high intent. In the third quarter, we still expect that to be the biggest travel season from a room state point of view. It always is. The market is still recovering. As Glenn said, it’s not linear. But the trend line is certainly going up positively, which is what we like to see. And like last quarter, we think there’ll be an opportunity to attract bookers to the platform. Bear in mind for a number of people still be a couple of years since they have made their last booking, and they may not automatically come back. So we’ve got a regain some existing customers. There is the opportunity to win new customers in the peak travel season. So our plan is still to lean in as we said we would do at the start of the season. We expect, in total, that leaning in on marketing to be a little less impactful on the P&L than we did for the full year and been on our merchandising to be a little more, but we will still have both of them turn up pretty high in the third quarter.
Kevin Kopelman: Great. And then a quick follow-up on the merchandising in the mix, how should we be thinking about that as a percentage of the mix? What is the kind of level you’re looking at? And would you – as it’s gotten more important, is this something you consider disclosing?
David Goulden: Again, I missed the first part of the question. I think Glenn, did as well. I apologize.
Kevin Kopelman: Apologies. So, could you give us a sense of merchandising, how big it could be in the mix or what you are envisioning? And then as it’s become more – is it something you would consider disclosing? Thanks.
David Goulden: Yes. Thank you. I got the question, merchandising. Obviously, it’s something that we use selectively. We will think about further disclosure as it grows. Obviously, this year is something that we will – but think of it as something we are leaning into this year in a recovering marketplace, just like marketing. As and when things have recovered, we may not have to lead in quite heavily. So, we kind of see this may also fluctuate. We have not broken it out. Yes, it does obviously have a bit of an impact upon take rates. And probably the way to give you some flavor on it in the future is to give you a bit more flavor as to how it’s impacting take rate, but nothing more to disclose at this point in time.
Glenn Fogel: I would say one thing in turn generally in merchandise. But in general, when we talk about one of the values in the connected trip, and I mentioned in my prepared remarks about providing a marketing platform for suppliers to be able to do what they feel is appropriate in terms of maximizing their value and us providing them an opportunity to do their own way to merchandise and offer up different types of offers to our customers. And we will use all sorts of important scientific analysis of where it’s really incremental for them. And that I believe is something that’s going to be very helpful going and run, particularly if we are in a less of a hot market where everybody feels we can sell at maximum price. When things start getting a little more interesting, that will be another opportunity for us to provide value to our supplier partners.
David Goulden: And just final, as we build out the elements of the connected trip, that gives us more ways to merchandise. At the moment, a lot of our merchandises through pricing type activity, but as Glenn mentioned, we are looking at providing incentives or other benefits to our high-value accommodation customers, if they are buying more elements of the total trip. So, the mix of how we merchandise on our side will also change over time as well.
Kevin Kopelman: Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Nowak of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking my questions. Good evening guys. So, just a couple I wanted to follow-up on. Pretty strong U.S. numbers and you are talking about the 30% growth and even the 25% growth in July. Maybe just talk to us about what are sort of some of the unique drivers around that U.S. business at this point. Are you seeing outsized Genius adoption? Is the merchandising having an impact there? Is air a disproportionate driver? Like what is sort of one or two of the key funnel drivers you are seeing in the U.S. for that type of growth is the first one. And then the second one, and maybe you said it, I know you guys gave so many helpful numbers. Can you just sort of talk to us about the growth rates you are seeing on cross-border travel versus intra-continental travel across the entire company? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: Sure. So, let me take the first one, and David can do the second one. I know he talked a little bit in what sort of details you want to give on that second one. On the first one, I will make the point that several years ago, I said that it was just hard for us to do better in the U.S. That would be a strategic priority for us to get more share we are under-indexed in the U.S. We felt we have a very good product, but now improve upon it. And that is something that we should be doing better we would. And now we are beginning to see some of that. We are seeing these kind of growth rates that you just mentioned, and that is something that I am very happy that the team has executed well. Now what is the silver bullet, there is no silver bullet. It’s a lot of things. There is a tremendous number of different things being worked out by so many different teams. And I can – we can spend all through the rest of this call talking about all the things that have been done by the different people to improve so we can get higher share. And you have seen some of it yourself. You see our brand marketing. You see the things that we are doing in terms of app. You see us in terms of being payments out. We have Booking.com and have payments in the space, and we have that. And assuming those things is the blocking and tackling every day, working with the suppliers, achieving better relationships so that we work together so we can offer up to travelers something that really fits what their needs are. And I can’t come out and help you in terms of – this is the biggest part, the next part and the next part. What I can say is that this is something that has been something that’s been important to us, but I am glad to see the results starting to come through. It’s not done by any way, shape or form. There is a lot more to be done, and I continue to repeat myself about we got to do better in the alternative accommodations in the states. Not enough people know about it, and we have enough supply and all those areas we want to improve upon there. And obviously, flights started up for Booking.com in the States and is doing well, but a lot more to do there. And all those things that connected trips. So, lots more to be done there, but that is an area where we are going to continue. As I said, it’s one of our priorities, one of the things we are working hard on it. And I am happy to see to be able to show people, here is what the growth – the progress that we have made so far.
David Goulden: Yes. Thanks, Glenn. Brian, yes, on international travel, Q2 is probably the best place to come look because we have got the full quarter numbers to talk about. International, that was the first quarter that we saw growth in international travel in total vis-à-vis 2019. So, in Q2, international travel in total was a mid-single digit growth. Of course, the room nights in aggregate were up 16 points. Obviously, domestic was still strong, very strong, but it was the first quarter we saw return to growth of international travel in aggregate. And to your point, within international travel, we saw better-than-average growth in the – within regional travel, so travel within Europe and Asia, etcetera. And the long-haul international travel was still down mid-single digits, but was – still was almost recovered back to 2019 levels. So, I think it’s an encouraging trends as we move through the quarter. As I mentioned, in terms of the overall improvement from Q1 to Q2, international travel drove most of that improvement.
Brian Nowak: Thank you both.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Anmuth of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Doug Anmuth: Thanks for taking my questions. Glenn, can you just elaborate a little bit around your thoughts on ADR strength and the sustainability and just kind of how things get a little bit more interesting? I think as you said, in a potentially less hot market. And then, David, I just want to ask about payments. I think you said kind of close to breakeven this year, some positive returns in ‘23. Can you just talk about how you are kind of working through the initial dilutive nature there from a margin perspective? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: So, a couple of thoughts about ADR. Obviously, we talked about ADR, a very global average-type thing. But it’s interesting, when you look around the world, it’s not the same everywhere. In Asia, very different than what’s happened in States, let’s say, differences in Europe, too. It is interesting that in almost all the time I have been in the travel industry, when you had lower occupancy rates, that would usually end up with lower ADRs. People try to fill up those last rooms because the margin that would drop to the bottom line was huge. Yet, that is not what’s happening here. You see occupancy rates, for example, in the States, still not at historical highs, yet we all know ADRs certainly are. And that’s an interesting change from how they have been in the past. And now your question is a good one. Well, what’s going to happen in the future? Are these things going to come back – are these ADRs going to come back down now at some point, if demand does drop, are we going to see that come back down, or are the hoteliers going to continue what they have been doing with us saying, look, I can’t even service for all of my rooms. So, I am not going to try and fill them. But I don’t want to know on labor or labor cost. It’s better or doing better by doing this higher ADRs and not trying to fill everything. That’s happening in some of the places. The truth is, nobody knows what’s going to happen in the future. I do know, though, that we have flexibility ourselves, that we work well when there is – ADRs are high, as you have seen with the numbers we just printed, which is great. And also when ADRs are dropping because the suppliers need more demand, we are there to help them. We did better than most of the people in the industry coming straight out of the depth of the pandemic because we worked really hard with these suppliers to find a way to get the demand, and we did that. And that’s really our role with them is to make sure we are putting heads and beds for them at the price that they think is right. And that’s what we are going to continue to do. So, I can’t tell you what’s going to happen in the future. I can tell you, we will continue to execute well under either scenario.
David Goulden: And Doug, on payments, I think that is not a new story. The fact that we are going to have some revenue streams that are going to be growing faster than the current average because they are newer and they will be less profitable from a profit margin point of view. We talked about payments of flights earlier during the year that are both going to be significant contributors to the business in the future will result in incremental EBITDA dollars – incremental EBITDA dollar growth, but will be dilutive to margin rates. And I don’t think that’s anything new. And I think that’s a good thing for the business. It means we will have faster EPS growth for having those businesses than we would without. So, I think it’s a conversation we had a few times in the early part of the year and hopefully nothing new. We are making progress and getting payments into the position we talked we thought we might be able to go into 2023. So, I view that as encouraging.
Doug Anmuth: Great. Thank you, both.
Operator: Your next question comes from Naved Khan of Truist. Please go ahead.
Naved Khan: Yes. Hi. Thanks a lot. Glenn, in the past, heat waves have hurt bookings. I go back to 2018, 2019, I think that has happened. And this year, do you think there is any impact on the heat wave or maybe flight cancellations in the July trends that you just shared? And just give us your thoughts on that. And then if we just look at the U.S. room night growth, how should I think about the contribution from get it room? Is that – how much of a factor is that?
Glenn Fogel: So, I can answer the second one first because I heard that one well, and I want to go back and get that first question again. Again, we are very pleased with how it’s working, very nice, but that is not a big driver at all in these numbers. So – and I will let David work sort of specificity, but I would say do not – that is not the – it’s nice. It’s good. I am very happy how we are doing. I am pleased. I love the guys, doing great. It is very helpful in our B2B strategic partnership area. Helping us build out that part of our business to be a very competitive part of the business with others too, it’s one element. We had that part of the business for a long time before. This is just one addition to our overall B2B area. So, that’s something I am there. I will let – David, do you want to say on that and get…?
David Goulden: Sorry. Fine. It’s only a few points of incremental growth in the U.S.
Glenn Fogel: Yes. So, if we can, can you say the first question because I think I heard flight cancellations. I am not sure what you said. Could you go back to?
Naved Khan: Yes. It’s really about if there is any impact from either the heat wave in Europe or flight cancellations that we are seeing in the July numbers, just give us some color.
Glenn Fogel: Oh, I have got it now. Okay. So, it goes back to me trying to explain and talk about the non-linearity of the heats [ph] in January because yes, we see the change, and I talked at the beginning about that. And one hypothesis, certainly, somebody in the past, people have definitely talked about, well, when it’s hot, people don’t travel as much. That’s true. There is definitely there that in there. And there certainly is the cancellation of the Air Force Macassar, and that probably played a factor too. There are a lot of things that are probably played – and we want to look at how strong May was. And did that take some bookings from July we ended up in May because people were just – as soon as the pandemic levels went down, and so I am calling it down. People say I am going right away and won they would have waited. There is so many potential hypothesis. I can’t tease them all out. And in fact, I would say it’s actually not that – it’s not that important because we are talking for the long run, one month versus another month. In my mind, yes, I know there was going to be volatility in these things, variability. But we are looking at the long run. Are we achieving what we want to continue to open the long run, build this business? And we are doing that. And I see that. So I can’t really help you on whatever guess is you would like yourself, but what’s more important in my mind is are we executing, creating a better product, a better service that we will get more share as the travel recovery continues, which it is. And again, I emphasize this recovery from the pandemic is nowhere near done yet. When you look at countries like, in Japan, there are a lot of places where it’s not where everybody isn’t just traveling as they used to at all. In Asia, we mentioned Asia. It’s not a full recovery yet. Look at China, lots of places where the pandemic has not totally disappeared. Everybody is living like they did in 2019 at all, but there is a lot of room to come back just from recovery, and we are looking forward to that.
Naved Khan: Great. Thank you for your thoughts.
Operator: Your next question comes from Deepak Mathivanan of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks for taking my question. This is Jack Halpert on for Deepak. I just wanted to ask, can you guys talk about any shifts in the consumer demand you are seeing between your alternative accommodations and hotels booking as things sort of normalized a bit from COVID? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: Well, I think we talked a little bit about what share of our business in the alternative accommodations now and how we saw a couple of percentage points better than 2019 to more accommodations versus hotels. That’s steady improvement that we are pleased we are seeing. We talked a little bit about the U.S. and the mix there. It’s still low in terms of the share that’s going to internal accommodations, but we are pleased with the mix is improving. It’s on the right path. I am not sure in terms of general, though I think I know your question is, is this going to be – are people going back to where they formerly had done a lot more hotels and are they going to switch back there? I don’t think anybody knows or not. But what I emphasize is how important it is to offer both. And that’s why we think we have an advantage because we know, and I mentioned this in previous calls, we know people come to our site thinking they want one type of accommodation, yet we see by the way they search and the way they look at different potential places to stay, that there is actually a lot of uncertainty. And by offering both a hotel and a home or apartment or avail, whatever it is, we are providing better information to the travelers to be able to make the right choice and have a higher opportunity that they will buy from us because we are offering these different types of services. So, I don’t know what’s going to happen in terms of people’s behavior going back. I can guess. I think that people who have enjoyed a home they never get before, they are going to continue to look at that home. And I am fine with that because we offer it. So, it’s okay by me if that’s what’s happening. What I would like to do, of course, is make our home products be top brand – be as good as anybody else’s and make sure that nobody ever says, I gave you all of that, here are some things you don’t have yet. That’s something I want to get rid of.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lee Horowitz of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Lee Horowitz: Thanks for the questions. Two, if I could. Can you comment at all on how hotel attach rates are pacing for your air product relative to your expectations and how you think about continuing to improve those from here? And then just one on costs, if I could. Just given the directional commentary you have given us on fixed costs for this year, looking beyond this year, how do you think about the kind of sustainable level of fixed cost growth into a more normalized demand environment? Thanks so much.
Glenn Fogel: Well, I will take the first one. I will let David do the second one. And what we have said, and it hasn’t changed, what we said in the past is that we are a meaningful percentage of bookers who first book a flight then book an accommodation. And we are saying for new customers, we see that an encouraging percentage of them are attaching an accommodation to the flight booking, which is what I said in the past and I will say the same because it’s pretty much the same. And David, on your side?
David Goulden: Yes. On my side, obviously, the base element in our fixed cost is personnel. And in recent years, with the current inflation rates and obviously wage inflation, that has been pressured particularly for tech and technology people and product people, the marketing folks, etcetera, engineers. So, that’s been under pressure for a little while. We believe that when we get back to this post-COVID steady state and we get to the situation where we are gaining share, growing top line faster than we used to grow in the bottom line faster than we used to, we believe that we can start looking at the right time of getting leverage from our fixed costs. But at the moment, we are obviously facing some short-term pressures.
Lee Horowitz: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, I will now turn the conference back to Mr. Glenn Fogel for closing remarks.
Glenn Fogel: Well, thank you. So, after the difficult situation in the last 2.5 years, we are very pleased to arrive at where we are today. And I want to thank our partners, our customers, dedicated employees and our shareholders. We greatly appreciate the support as we continue to build on our long-term vision for our company. Thank you everyone and good night.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your conference call for this afternoon. We would like to thank everyone for their participation and ask you to please disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-04 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Booking Holdings First Quarter 2022 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantee of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied, or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings' actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the safe harbor statements at the end of Booking Holdings' earnings press release, as well as Booking Holdings' most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings' earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings' website, www.bookingholdings.com. And now I'd like to introduce Booking Holdings speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and David Goulden. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you, and welcome to Booking Holdings’ first quarter conference call. I'm joined this afternoon by our CFO, David Goulden. I am pleased to begin by reporting that our first quarter was a record. Our customers booked $27 billion in gross bookings, the highest quarterly amount ever. The continued improvement in our room night trends, increased accommodation ADRs and significant growth in our global flights product all contributed to achieving this gross bookings record. In our accommodations business, we saw meaningful improvement from last year, with first quarter room nights declining only 9% versus Q1 2019 which was an improvement of 12 percentage points from our fourth quarter 2021 results. Our bookings continued to strengthen in April, with roommates increasing 10% and gross bookings up over 30% versus 2019, making April a record month for gross bookings and our first month that global room nights exceeded 2019 levels. @Booking.com, I'm encouraged by the strong gross bookings already recorded for the summer period, which are over 15% higher than at this same point in 2019. In Western Europe and North America, gross bookings for the summer period are now over 30% ahead of where we were at this point in 2019. Though, I know that a high percentage of these bookings are cancelable. Of course, our brands or other brands, we are seeing the benefits of a global recovery from the pandemic with strong travel demand in the US for Priceline, a rapid recent improvement and trends in Asia for Agoda and uptick in international flight searches at KAYAK and the return of diners to restaurants for OpenTable. In many countries, especially across Europe and Asia, travel restrictions were eased in the first quarter, which we believe has contributed to the strengthening of travel demand trends. As we have said before, with leisure travelers believe it is safe to travel and restrictions are lifted, people booked travel. With that being said, there are still restrictions and inconveniences imposed on travelers today by some countries, though we believe that the industry is moving in the right direction and progressing back to normalcy. While we are pleased with the trends we're seeing right now across our brands, as we look towards the rest of the year, we are cognizant of the potential for macro uncertainty, and are aware that inflation or other macro factors may have an impact on consumer demand. And before providing further updates on our business, I want to address the devastating war in Ukraine. Since first hearing the terrible news of Russia's invasion of Ukraine, our first priority was the safety of our colleagues and supporting them through this time. We worked closely with our employees and their families in Ukraine to provide them with safe refuge, and we have continued to support humanitarian efforts in the region. As we previously disclosed in early March, we suspended travel services in Russia and Belarus. By mid-March Booking.com Booking.com, developed and launched a no commission initiative that enabled properties in select European countries to offer free or heavily discounted accommodations to refugees fleeing Ukraine. We believe that about 30,000 refugees have been provided with places to stay through this initiative so far. We continue to work closely with our hotel and home partners, and expect to expand this program to more properties in the region. As an example, Booking.com has partnered with Hilton and the UN Refugee Agency to make it easy for NGOs to book temporary accommodations on behalf of refugees fleeing the war in Ukraine. These rooms have been made available for free by Hilton at hundreds of their properties across Europe, which we in turn are providing through our platform. I am very proud of our team's quick actions to help our employees, customers, partners and the many people impacted by these tragic events. And, of course, we all hope this barbaric violence end soon. Let's now turn to the progress we're making in our business. We continue our work strengthening our core accommodation business by driving benefits to our traveler customers and to our supply partners. For our customers, we are focused on their critical needs of value, choice and convenience. With this high degree of customer focus, we aim to increase loyalty, frequency, spend, and direct relationships with our customers over time. In March, our unique active Booking.com customers at Booking.com were within 95% of 2019 levels, driven by strong growth in returning customers who had not made a previous booking in over a year. In the first quarter, we saw a higher mix of customers booking directly with us than any of the last three quarters first quarters, three years first quarters. We see the strongest direct repeat customer behavior in our mobile app than when compared to other platforms like desktop or mobile web. We continue to see more of our business shift to the app with over 40% of our room nights booked through our apps in the first quarter. Booking.com’s app hit a new record in terms of monthly active users in Q1 and continue to be the number one downloaded OTA app globally, according to a third-party research firm. As I said before, the app is a critical platform, as it allows us more opportunities to engage directly with travelers. And ultimately, we see it as the center of our connected trip experience. We will continue our efforts to enhance the app to build on the recent success we have seen here. For our supply partners, we strive to be a valuable partner to all accommodation types on our platform, which primarily means bringing incremental demand to properties from the broad audience of potential customers on our platform. For alternative accommodations, our global mix of room nights in the first quarter increased to about 31%, a couple of points higher than in Q1 2021. We continue to work on improving our alternative accommodation product globally with an additional focus on the US market. We've been working closely with property partners to identify opportunities to improve our platform to better fit their needs. Related to these efforts, we launched partner liability insurance for our alternative accommodation supply partners with global coverage in the first quarter. In addition, we are making progress on an enhanced payment solution for professional property managers that we're rolling out in the US. In the first quarter, we saw the largest sequential net increase in alternative accommodation properties on Booking.com since the start of the pandemic. While the net increase in Q1 was still a modest number of properties, we’re aiming to build on this growth throughout 2022 by continuing to improve our alternative accommodation offering and attracting more partners to our platform. In this week, we launched a new campaign in the US to promote Booking.com to alternative accommodation owners and managers who want to grow their business with us. Let me now talk about the progress we've made in our interrelated strategic priorities of payments and the connected trend. We believe both of these priorities will further enhance the strength of our core accommodations business and support its continued growth. On payments, 34% of Booking.com’s gross bookings were processed through our payment platform in the first quarter, which is our highest quarterly level ever. This year, we are focused on continuing to increase supplier adoption of payments, while introducing new products and features that over time will improve the customer and partner experience and bring new revenue streams to our platform. We will continue to position Booking.com as an attractive and trusted payment service for both travelers and our supplier partners across hotels, alternative accommodations, cars, flight and attractions. Furthermore, Booking.com’s payment platform helps deliver a more seamless and frictionless booking experience, which are important elements of our larger Connected Trip Vision. On our Connected Trip Vision, we continue to make progress as we work on the foundations such as developing a flight offering on Booking.com, which is now live in 40 countries. This flight offering gives us the ability to engage with potential customers who choose their flight options early in their discovery process, and allows us an opportunity to core sell our accommodation and other services to these flight bookers. We have seen that in over 70% of our flight bookings on Booking.com, the flight was the first or only product that was booked. This helps confirm the value of flights as the starting point in many people's booking journey, and is an anchor part that we can utilize to cross-sell accommodations and other products, a meaningful percentage of bookers who first book a flight, then book an accommodation. We'll continue our work to further optimize the cross-sell opportunity, and build on the early positive signals that we're seeing so far. Flights continues to be a source for new customers, with about one quarter of all flight bookers in Q1 being new customers for Booking.com. We've also seen recent success driving incremental room nights and experiments where discounts are applied to non-accommodation products that were attached to the transaction. To put it simply, we believe having more products on the shelf, increases our merchandising opportunities, and helps us sell more room nights. Finally, as I previewed on our last earnings call, we published our 2021 sustainability report and our Climate Action Plan in March. In our Climate Action Plan, we highlighted the significant emission reductions we've already achieved, in part driven by sourcing 100% renewable energy for our office by the end of last year. And we are committed to more than halving our emissions by 2030 and achieving net zero emissions by 2040. We are proud of the emissions reduction achieved and ambitious target set for our business. But as I said before, we believe our greatest influence on sustainable travel is through making it easier for travelers to find and book sustainable options. We are addressing this opportunity through our work with our Travel Still Badging program, which now includes over 100,000 properties that can highlight their sustainable practices to customers on Booking.com. In conclusion, I am encouraged by the strength we are seeing in bookings, the level of summer travel on our books and the potential for a very busy travel year ahead. As we discussed last quarter, in this recovery environment, we will continue to lean into performance marketing channels and appropriate ROIs as we look to bring more customer demand to our platform. Overall, we believe we are well positioned to continue capturing this returning travel demand. And we will continue our work executing against our strategic priorities. As I said before, we are focusing on building a larger and faster growing business with more products that is sustainable, and generates more earnings dollars for the long run. Now turn the call over to our CFO, David Goulden.
David Goulden : Thank you, Glenn and good afternoon. I'll review our results for the first quarter and provide some color on trends we've seen so far in the second quarter. All growth rates for ‘22 relative to the comparable period in 2019 unless otherwise indicated. Information regarding reconciliation of non-GAAP results to GAAP results can be found in our earnings release. Now on to our results for the first quarter. On our February earnings call we discussed the improved in trends we've seen so far in 2022. With room nights getting back to about flat versus 2019 in the first half of February after declining 21% in January just hours after our earnings call on February 23, the terrible news broke the Russia invaded Ukraine. As a result, we saw an immediate negative impact on room night trends, particularly in Eastern Europe. Despite this impact towards end of the month, room nights for the full month of February came in about in line with 2019 levels. In early March, we suspended the booking of travel services in Russia and Belarus. This led to a loss of new bookings, as well as significantly elevated levels of cancellations of reservations for these countries. Additionally, we saw some slowdown in booking trends within Europe, as travelers took in the news of the invasion. We disclosed that total room nights for the week ending March 6, were down about 10%. And that slowdown was driven by Eastern Europe, primarily Russia, and to a lesser extent by Western Europe, which remained mostly above 2019 levels. I'm pleased to say that compared with the first week in March, we saw our overall trend improve during March driven mainly by Europe, resulting in room nights been down about 4% for the month, which is only a modest pullback from where we were in February. For the first quarter, room nights were down 9%, an improvement from down 21% in Q4. And our best quarter results since the onset of the pandemic. Excluding Russia, Ukraine and Belarus, our room nights were down about 2% in March and down about 6% for the first full quarter. But Q1 on a regional level room nights in Europe and the rest of the world were both down mid-single digits. Asia was down about 35% with all three improving from Q4 levels. The US has strong growth versus Q1 2019 similar to what we saw in Q4. Mobile bookings primarily through our apps represented about 6% of our total room nights in the first quarter. Our apps were over two thirds of our mobile bookings and over 40% of total room nights. In the first quarter, we continue to see an increase mix of our total room nights coming through as the direct channel versus Q1 2019 and Q1 2022. The International mix of our total room nights in Q1 was about 40%, an encouraged increased from about 33% in Q4. Q1 International room nights were down about 30% compared to Q1 2019 levels, an improvement from the almost 40% -- for the almost 50% decline in Q4. The improvements in international bookings we saw continue to be driven mainly by travel plans within Europe. And these cross border bookings continue to have on average, longer length of stay and a shorter booking window and comparable bookings in 2019. We saw strong growth in our domestic room nights for the first quarter also an improvement from Q4. Our cancellation rates were about in line with 2019 levels in Q1 despite the impact of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. The booking window in Q1 of Booking.com contrasted less versus 2019 than it did in Q4. And this booking window expanded versus the first quarter of 2021. For our alternative accommodations at Booking.com, the global mix of room nights increased to about 31% in Q1, a couple points higher than 2021. Within Europe, our mixed alternative accommodation continuously, meaningfully higher than the global average. Gross bookings increased to 7% in Q1 versus 2019 and were up 10%, excluding Russia, Ukraine and Belarus. This 7% increase in gross bookings were 16 percentage points better than 9% room night due to 18% higher accommodation constant currency ADRs and also due to strong flight bookings across the group, partially offset by about four percentage points of negative FX movements. As Glenn mentioned in his remarks, the $27 billion of gross bookings in Q1 is a new record for us higher than the previous record at $25 billion in Q1 2019. On March 2022 was the first month our gross bookings exceeded $10 billion in a single month. This was up 17% versus March 2019 and compared to up 18% in February and down 11% in January. Our accommodation constant currency ADRs benefited by about three percentage points from regional mix and about 15 percentage points from rate increases in most of our regions. Notably, most notably Europe and North America, and especially in higher demand leisure oriented destinations. Constant currency ADR growth versus 2019, accelerated from 13% in Q4 to 18% in Q1, primarily due to higher rates in New York. Airline tickets booked in the first quarter were up 152% versus 2019 and up 69% versus 2021, driven by continued expansion of Booking.com site platform, as well as continued flight ticket growth at Priceline. Consolidated revenue for the first quarter was $2.7 billion, which was down 7% versus 2019 and down about 2% on a constant currency basis, revenue as a percentage of gross bookings was about 150 basis points below Q1 2019 in line with our expectations, due primarily to differences between gross bookings, the timing differences between gross bookings and revenue recognition. Our underlying accommodation take rates were about in line with Q1 2019 levels. Marketing expense, which is a highly variable expense line decreased to 4% versus Q1 2019. Marketing expense as a percentage of gross bookings decreased about 50 basis points versus Q1 2019, which is better than our expectations, mainly due to unexpected marketing ROIs. Sales and other expenses were up 58% versus Q1 2019 due to a higher volume of merchant gross bookings and higher third party call center costs. About 34% of Booking.com’s gross bookings were processed through our payments platform in Q1, up from 13% in Q1 2019 compared to Q1 2021, sales and other expenses as a percentage of gross bookings were about 30 basis points higher. Our more fixed expenses in aggregates were about in line with our expectations, up 12% versus Q4 and up 17% versus Q1 2021. Adjusted EBITDA was $310 million for the quarter, which was better than our expectations due to unexpected ADRs. And the better than expected leverage of our variable expenses. However, sequentially EBITDA was down 67%, which is significantly more than the seasonal decline you saw pre-COVID and aligns with our commentary in February. Non-GAAP net income of $161 million results in non-GAAP EPS of $3.90 which was down 65% versus Q1 2019. Our Q1 non-GAAP tax rate of 16% was lower than 19% in Q1 2019 due to a great impact from a discrete tax benefit on a lower base earnings. On a GAAP basis, we had operating income of $174 million in Q1. We recorded GAAP net loss of $700 million in the quarter, which included an unrealized loss on our strategic investments of about $987 million and a $36 million loss on assets held for sale related to the Majorelle strategic partnership we discussed last quarter. Now on to our cash and liquidity position. Our Q1 ending cash and investment balance of about $12.8 billion was down versus our Q4 ending balance of $14.3 billion, primarily driven by the payments of $1.1 billion for a margin debt maturity, about $950 million in share repurchases in Q1 and the declining value of our strategic investments. These factors which reduce our cash investment balance were partially offset by positive free cash flow of about $1.6 billion, which was driven almost entirely by change in working capital, resulting from an increase in our deferred merchant bookings balance. As we disclosed, on last quarter we started returning capital to shareholders in early January. And in addition to share purchases in Q1, we repurchased about $325 million of shares in April, which brings our outstanding authorization to just over $9 million. As we said before, we expect to complete our remaining authorization within the next three years. Now moving on to our thoughts for the second quarter, April room nights increased about 10% versus 2019, an improvement from the 4% decline in March, driven primarily by Europe, excluding Russia, Ukraine and Belarus, April room nights increased about 16% versus 2019. All regions show improving room nights growth in April. Europe was up high teens percent in April and up about 30% excluding Russia, Belarus and Ukraine. Growth in the US was very strong, rest of world had doubled digit growth, and Asia recovers to down high teens percent all versus 2019. The international mix of our room nights in April was over 45% and encouraging increase from the 40% in Q1. April international room nights were down slightly compared to 2019 levels, an improvement from down 30% in Q1. International demand driven mainly by travel plans in Europe accounted for most of the improvements in room nights in April versus Q1. Domestic room nights also improved in April to very strong growth versus 2019. April gross bookings increased over 30% versus 2019, driven by growth in room nights continued accommodation ADR strength, as well as continued strength in flight bookings. April gross bookings increased to almost $11 billion, which was a new monthly record. April gross bookings typically declined from March pre-COVID. While it's encouraging to see continued improvements in trends into April, the environment is still uncertain and difficult to predict with confidence how room nights for the remainder of the quarter will develop. While many countries are lifting their list of travel restrictions, COVID is still a factor which can impact travel and of course, the war in Ukraine continues to create volatility and macro uncertainty. We do expect the recent strength in ADRs to continue for the remainder of the quarter. And as a result, we expect the difference between the level of room nights growth and gross bookings growth for the full second quarter to be around 20 points, which is similar to what it was in April. In April, the overall booking window Booking.com continue to move back closer to 2019 levels. We continue to see strength in our summer booking trends, and our gross bookings for summer are now more than 15% higher than they were at this time in 2019. And within Western Europe and North America both of over 30% albeit with a higher mix of cancelable bookings. If the current trends continue, we could see a record summer travel season and we're gearing up to prepare for that across all parts of our business. Turning back to Q2, given recent booking trends combined with lengthening booking window, we expect Q2 revenue as percentage of gross bookings to be about 200 basis points lower than it was in Q2 2019. This 200 basis points of difference in revenue as a percentage of gross bookings is mainly timing related, and the impact could be greater if booking trends accelerate from April, especially if a high percentage of these bookings were staged in future quarters. The timing impact on take rates in Q2 is driven by a combination of the acceleration in gross bookings from up 7% in Q1 to up over 30% so far in Q2 coupled with the lengthening booking window from Q1 to Q2, we expect our underlying accommodation take rates to remain stable. We expect marketing expense percentage of gross bookings to be slightly higher than in Q2 2019, which is consistent with our prior commentary about the opportunities for us to lean into recovering travel market in 2022. We expect Q2 sales and other expenses as a percentage of gross bookings to be about 60 basis points higher than it was in Q2, 2021 due to higher virtual booking mix and higher third party call center costs. We expect our more fixed expenses in aggregate to be about 15% higher than in Q2 2021. With personnel down slightly on both G&A and IT up meaningfully versus Q2 last year. The overall year-on-year increase in G&A is driven by higher digital sales taxes, which is tied to revenue as well as increased office expenses due to return to hybrid work environments. We expect IT to increase year-over-year at similar rates to what we saw in Q1. If we were to see similar top line growth rates for the rest of the quarter we saw in April, we'd expect adjusted EBITDA to be over $900 million for the quarter. The expected timing difference between gross bookings and revenue which is the primary driver are expected 200 basis points lower take rate than Q1 2019 will have a significant negative impact on EBITDA in Q2 as our more variable expense lines are linked to bookings. If we normalize the timing impact on our take rates in Q2 2022 to be the same as it was in Q2 2019, adjusted EBITDA in Q2 2022 will be slightly higher than it was in Q2 2019. Now turning to the enhanced strategic partnership with Majorelle we discussed last quarter. As a reminder, Majorelle one of our most trusted long term external customer support partners will begin employing most of the customer service representatives and previous work for Booking.com outside of the Netherlands and the UK. We currently anticipate finalizing sponsorship around the middle of the year. And following the anticipated closing on a quarterly basis in the second half of 2022, we expect the personnel expenses will be lowered by about $25 million a quarter, but G&A expenses will be lower by $6 million a quarter. And our external expenses will increase to offset the lower personnel and G&A expenses. As we said last quarter, we did not anticipate much of an impact on adjusted EBITDA in 2022 from this initiative beyond 2022. We believe this partnership will help reduce further expense growth and enable a more efficient ramp up of our customer service function. Outside of the P&L geography changes to the personnel G&A and sales and other expense line from Majorelle, we are maintaining the full year P&L commentary we provided last quarter. As a reminder, the expected timing, we expect timing to know the impact take rates. The precise impact timing on our take rates for the year is difficult to predict as it is impacted by the rate of recovery of bookings coming into and during the year. And also by the length of booking windows during the year. We do know the relative to 2021 there was a negative impact on our take rates due to timing in Q1 2022. Our current best estimates of take rates in 2022 is just below 15%, which is lower than 2019 primarily due to timing. We expect the underlying accommodation take rates will remain stable. Timing also negatively impacted adjusted EBITDA and EBITDA margins for the year. If not impacted timing our expectations for full year EBITDA margins will be a few points higher than our guidance for the year. We're encouraged by our better than expected Q1 results and the strengthening trends we've seen in April, and we are confident that our focus on customer acquisition and expanding our product offerings is the right approach for 2022. We’ll now take the questions. Shawn, over to you, please for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Lloyd Walmsley with UBS.
Lloyd Walmsley: Alright, thanks for taking the question, two, if I can, first, on the April trends in bookings in room nights, those sound nicely ahead of where street estimates are for the whole quarter. So is there any reason to think that you won't continue to build from April in terms of kind of thinking about monthly comps or anything else we should keep in mind, pull forward or pent-up demand. And then secondly, helpful color on the revenue take rates and the EBITDA impact from timing, I guess, how do we think about that as we work into next year. Should take rates at least kind of like for like accommodation normalized to 2019 levels next year? And does that EBITDA headwind of few points on timing does all of that unwind you think as we get into 2023, any help you can give us on the kind of margins and how they progress further would be great. Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: Hi, Lloyd. While I’ll take that first one, I'll let David go back over the timing issues that you just asked about. So your question really is trying to predict the future, which is always an interesting adventure, particularly over the last couple of years that we've all gone through. As I've said, David was saying, we're very pleased with where we are. And we're happy with what's happening. I think everybody around the world is happy about travel coming back. And we've mentioned how some of the trends that we're like -- that we like seeing in Asia where things are getting better, we know they're not as good as they are in Europe or in the US. That's a good positive sign. Hopefully that will continue. We're also pleased with the things that we've been saying that throughout Europe and Western Europe and Eastern Europe coming back that so we're all very happy where we are, but we never know. We never know what's going to happen. You know that we've done this. We had a call, our last call. And then there was a terrible, terrible news shortly thereafter, what happened in Ukraine and if you recall going back a quarter before that, COVIND omicron came out of nowhere. So we all know that the world is, let's say volatile right now. But I will say I am happy where we are. And I'm pleased with the incredible good job of execution our team has done. And, David, I'm not sure you want to add any more than that.
David Goulden : Maybe, Glenn, just maybe a couple extra points on what we're seeing in April and March, we did see a steady progression from that first week in March where things were minus 10, up through March and April on a fairly steady basis, week on week. But as Glenn said, there's still a lot out there and the environment it’s hard to predict. I would call it this Easter happened in April in both periods. So there's no Easter effect there relative to the growth rates versus 2019 August 2021 for that matter, either. Relative to longer term take rates. And I explained on the call, take rates are the impact timing on take rates is a mathematical impact of the difference between the amounts that you spill into the year from the prior year, and the amount you still out in the current year into the next year. And of course, that can be variable based upon effects. We saw this year, we said that there was a hurting Q1 on timing effects on take rates, because that's when Omicron basically came up with into Q4, and that results in less booking still into Q1 than we would expect. So it's really going to be a function of how the recovery develops in total in terms of how rapidly things recover, and also just the timing of that recovery. So as growth rate starts to normalize, and get back to more normal level, you expect the impact upon the take rea, the timing impact on take rates to come down. But then there could be some additional factors that could impact those specific things relative to what happens about the prior Q4 going into Q1, and the next Q4 going into the future Q1. So normally, and as the growth rates start to normalize the roles of revenue growth rates and booking growth rates start to align more, there will be less effect. But there could still be unusual effects they have, like what we've seen before that could impact the specific timing of Q1 and Q4, and the relative difference between those quarters across the years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley.
Brian Nowak: Great. Thanks for taking my questions, guys. I have two, first one, David, I think last quarter, you talked about some like shape of the year comments, you talked about marketing as a percentage of gross bookings be a little higher than was in ‘19, et cetera. And sales and other expenses and sort of thoughts about that as far as your bookings? Yes, I know there was a lot of pieces with ADRs, moving around and et cetera. But can you just sort of maybe tell us your latest thoughts about some of those metrics on marketing spend for the year and sales and other for the year, however, you want to kind of help us think about it a little bit. And then Glenn, good to hear about traction you're making on payments and flights, et cetera. I guess, talk to us about on the connected trip front, which of the initiatives you think is most likely to really have a meaningful impact on the P&L as soon as maybe 2023 from an incremental dollar perspective. Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: David, you want to do that first one?
David Goulden : Yes, Brian, let me go first. So with the exception of the mechanical movements, I'll talk about how they impact things little bit, the mechanical moves relative to Majorelle, which are basically just P&L geography movements. We're not, I'm not changing what we said last time. We do expect some deleverage in marketing to gross bookings for the year. We said we expected in Q1 to be relatively flat, we were a little bit better that we were actually 50 points – 50 bps leveraging in Q1 due to a higher ROI, but we did say we'd be leaning into the busy travel season more in Q2 and Q3. So we're still expecting to see some level of deleverage during the year and also increased spending on merchandising, sales and others, we still expect that to be about 50 bps for the year that’s tied to payments, the mechanics of the Majorelle adjustment with moving those additional expenses into [Indiscernible] would be less than 10 bps although that are adjustments again as to TGV. So essentially, with the exception of the mechanical movements, what we talked about for the last, what we talked about quarter go for how we see the year shaping up, we still expect to see the shaping up the same way. And of course, I've given you some additional color on take rates we didn't provide last quarter so that gives you a little bit more color than we gave you on quarter because we now know what happened in Q1 so we can give you a bit more guidance around that.
Glenn Fogel: And, Brian, talking about connected trip. So connected trip is a long term vision. And it's going to take some time before we get to where I believe we need to be in terms of a truly step functional change in the way people are currently, by exploring going through travel, I think we all know how difficult it is. And we all know that it should be better. So that's the goal down the road. In 2023, we're still going to be pretty early in this, I think I would think it's, we're still in the base level of just getting great verticals up and running, so that they by themselves are fantastic, good product for people to use. And then just the basic-cross selling things that we think is a first step to get towards that connected trip. And if you ask me one of the biggest things for 2023. Well, the things I just talked about right now flights right now, I really liked the fact again, the new customers coming in, and they're coming in, they're buying a meaningful number of buyer combinations. And we haven't optimized this yet. That's something important. Then on top of that, I mentioned in my prepared remarks about just beginning small experiments with other types of verticals, and how putting these things together can give a better experience to a customer. The great thing about these things is trying to build a belief that coming to us to Booking.com is the best way to go. So getting more repeat business and getting this do it on the app, so that we don't pay for that person to come and increase that loyalty. So there's a lot of ways trying to increase this flywheel. So people know the products better and coming to us. And as we continue to do that, get more information, be able to provide a better proposal to them a better offer to them that they can work more easily. And it continues to build on its own. It's going to take time, though. And in 2023, I don't think you're going to see huge numbers from all things I just talked about. But you will see incremental improvement.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Kopelman from Cowen.
Kevin Kopelman : Great, thanks a lot. I was hoping to just dig in a little bit more on the April trends. The improvements is nice there to plus 10% is obviously a big acceleration. Could you -- what exactly are you seeing there in terms of changes? And if we relate that back to your ad spend, you had some leverage versus GBB in Q1, but you're spending more in Q2, how much of that is a reaction to what you're seeing versus strategically pulling on a lever in the start of Q2? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: So let me tell you in general, and David, I'm not sure you want to talk in terms of any sort of numbers and levers or whatever. But yes, we are very pleased with what we're seeing. But I believe it's a combination of many things that we're working on is really is a game of execution in the small details, means you're working with partners and getting the right price, the right inventory. And then it's making sure we're showing it to the customer at the right time in the right way. And it means also doing things we're talking about with alternative accommodations, bring in a few, bringing in some incremental more supply there, making sure we're working to come up with ways that works better, so that the customers having a better experience and their payments are more smooth, et cetera. I can go through a lot of little things that we're working on. And each one builds on its own. It makes it a better experience. Now, yes, we have a brand effort in the US, as you hopefully remember back from our Super Bowl, we, I believe a very good ad and we're continuing this is not just a one and done. It's a campaign. And we tie that with some efforts in social and we're doing a lot of different things to try to increase our awareness getting that top of mind awareness in the US, for example, helping build that. But this is a global effort really, in terms of trying to build our business by doing all the little things that make it a better product, because in the long run, the better product is what's going to win. And David, I don’t know, if you want to speak anything specific in terms of ROIs or levers right there and nature.
David Goulden : I think, Glenn, let we go where you went, because this is just not one geography. We're seeing all geographies improve in April, which for us is very encouraging. So we mentioned that Europe is now April back into high teen growth versus 2019. That is really encouraging and really the first time we've been able to talk about growth over 2019 in Europe, this is for room nights, US back to very strong growth versus 2019, which we think is well ahead of the market. And Glenn mentioned some of the factors, the APAC recovering nicely, down, still down but down IT is not, again the best result we've seen since the start of pandemic, and the rest of world backup to double digits, so all nice improvements from Q1, all nice improves to March, so it's not just one reason we're seeing it across the world, which I think is a positive sign, I mentioned that we will be leaning a little bit more, expect to leaning in more in Q2 than in we did in Q1, relative to the amount of spending and the ROI. But as we said, that is really in response to the opportunity to capture demand. When we see demand, and we see traffic on this site, that's when we can start increasing our marketing spend. So we're really responding to the opportunity of recovering travel. And whereas we see travel for that's when we can lead in sort of leaning in, particularly in Q3 of last year, you saw us do that in prior quarters. So it's early during the quarter, but that's why we said we expect it to be at a small level of deleveraging this quarter in marketing, but the impact we're seeing and the change we're seeing from March to April is very positive.
Kevin Kopelman : Great and could you touch on currency with the 30% GBV figure for April? Is that reported or constant currency and the dollar has strengthened since the last call. So I wanted to ask about that.
David Goulden : Yes, that's a reported number. And currency is an impact for what it is worth when we did our guidance, and we did our calculations here we had your [Indiscernible] come down a little bit doesn't make a huge amount of difference. But the numbers we gave you or reported unless we call some out specifically as constant currency, for example, we call our constant currency ADRs. For example, everything else is reporting.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Post from Bank of America.
Justin Post: Great, thank you. I guess I'm just trying to think about market share. Can you give us any indication of how much share US nights were back in ‘19? And what that looks like now? And then one question on take rates, I know your merchant, sorry, your payments platform is handling 34% versus 13%. I would think that would be increasing your overall take rates. But you said take rates about flat. So just talk, maybe you can help us understand how the merchant business is affecting take rates? Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: Dave, why don’t you take that? And I’ll just turn my [indiscernible]…
David Goulden : Yes, I talked about, so when we talk about the underlying take rates, we're talking about the basic take rate on the -- or the commission on the room. We're not factoring in payments to that at all, or motion the next. As I said, the biggest impact on timing is, sorry, these impact on take rate is timing. And we talked about it being raised significantly, but you're right, we are getting an increase in the overall take rate from our mix towards payments and from the fact that we gain additional revenue from payments. As I mentioned in 2021, for example, that was somewhat offset by the merchandising that we cannot do, because we couldn't merchandise and participate in pricing actions ourselves. And so we have on the payments platform, and in 2022, that again, will be largely offset by the merchandising activities. Now bear in mind, merchandising is also like marketing, we can turn up and turn it down. We think that this year in a recovering travel marketplace, there's a potentially once in a generation opportunity to really lean into both marketing and merchandising. But we are seeing improvements in take rates from the payment platform. And again, the number of, when I talked about the underlying accommodation take rate being a very constant that does not include the additions for things like payments or things that go on top payments, nor does it impact anything that we do on top of that, or does include anything we do on top of that with our merchandising activities. So hopefully, that clarifies the movements there.
Justin Post: Great. And then on US share of nights, any help there?
Glenn Fogel: David, I think we don't reveal that granularity.
David Goulden : I think our view just as being that shared data, and we should look at share medium term basis, single quarter, very difficult to predict. We certainly believe that last year with our growth in the US being strong versus 2019. We certainly covered a lot faster than the market did in 2021.We were strong again in Q1 in the US market versus 2019. And very strong here in April so difficult to give you an individual share points. But when we look at the overall accommodations markets, which is a way to think about things, we know we picked up some share points in 2021. And we know -- we continuing to stay above where the market is in 2022, from a recovery point of view.
Glenn Fogel: Yes, and I'd just say, look, I'm very pleased with what we've done over the last 2.5 years since this pandemic started. What we've been doing in building out our business in the US, and I made the point of how important was strategically to do better in the US because we had been under indexed in the US. And we've been doing a lot of blocking tackling over these 2.5 years in the midst of this pandemic. And we're beginning to see it come through, and I'm very pleased with the results up through Q1.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney from Evercore ISI.
Mark Mahaney: I am here. Sorry about that. David, a question for you. And then one for Glenn. David, you'd set talked about take rates this year being I think, just below 15%, or something like that. And you said that'd be a few points higher, if not for timing. So I want to ask you is does that mean that once we get beyond these unusual timing issues for a variety of factors this year, that kind of the normalized take rate is a couple of points higher like 17%, you haven't done that, your booking has done that in the past, but that's going back 5, 6, 7 years. But is that the implication of your -- of that statement? And then Glenn, about the connected trip? I wondered if you think that there's something that's structurally changed, that makes connected trip more attractive, more viable, or more impactful than it has been historically, I think about the history of online travel, and there was a connected trip company, but they never would large package business, but they never generated as many room nights as you did. And you were solo lodging company. Is there something that's changed now maybe it's much greater use of mobile or mobile apps that just makes the connected trip a greater, needle mover today than it was historically? Thanks a lot.
David Goulden : Glenn, why don’t you go first?
Glenn Fogel: Do you want me to go first? So, Mark, here's the thing. I have seen over two decades, people have been talking about a connecting trip, because travel in this problem since we started buying travel online, and no human being do it for us. Certainly, the technological landscape has changed significantly, since we first started doing this when I first joined this company in 2000. And now we have so many new things that we can use to make this better, the idea of mobile apps, but even more so all the machine learning, AI to be able to do better types of predictability. What's happening, what can be better for a person, how we can see is there a potential problem in the future, we can fix it before it happens. So many things, I believe this can be done will be done, and we are the ones we're going to do. Okay, but we're not there yet. So to say it hasn't happened, it hasn't happened yet. Because we've been built all this yet. I believe it will happen. And I do believe it's necessary, because I don't believe that people should have to suffer the way they do right now in trying to do a simple family trip. That being said, though, it is going to take time, we're going to get there. But we're not going to show up next quarter or the next year to say here's the incredible increase in our business, it is going to be incremental. It's going to take time, but I absolutely believe this is where it's going to be. And David, I’ll let you take yours.
David Goulden : Yes, right. Thank you, Mark. So yes, let's not confuse the difference between impact on EBITDA margin and actual take rates, take rate percentages, what we talked about is the fact that let's go back to numbers so in 2019, and take rates blended across the year was 15.6%. In 2021, we said it was 14.3%. We said last quarter, it was somewhere between those two, this quarter, we gave you a bit more guidance, because we know more about the timing impact in Q1. So we said just below 15%. We said that impacts on the timing impact on take rates was causing a few points of EBITDA margin compression, so it will take a few so we said last quarter, and we still maintain that our EBITDA margin rates for the year will be a few points higher than it was in 2021. And what we said at the last call we clarify again today. If it wasn't for the impacts of timing the EBITDA margin would be a few points higher again on a normalized basis. So the fact that take rates are being hurt for the full year is causing us to have a few points of compression on our EBITDA margin this year, which is timing related. We did not say the take rates [Indiscernible] seen, we said that they were, would be below 15. And if you normalize from just below 15%, back to 15.6%, something like that, then that will give you those few points EBITDA margin that we talked about.
Mark Mahaney: Okay, yes, sorry, that was my mistake, and it can confuse you. Thanks, David. And thank you, Glenn.
Operator: We will now take our next question comes from Eric Sheridan of Goldman Sachs.
Eric Sheridan: Thank you for taking the questions. So I want to come back to the comment you made in the prepared remarks on investing in supply as we go deeper into 2022. Can we talk about what kind of investments you feel you need to make? And also, as you look at the base of gross bookings in the booking window, you have now deeper into the year? Where do you find yourself with elements of supply demand imbalance on either the shared accommodation side or the hotel side that you're trying to sort of unlock or think about not only just for summer of ‘22, but beyond it to 2023? Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: Sure. So may be talk a little bit about trying to build our supply areas where we think we need it. And I've talked about this in the past in the alternative accommodations area, where we think we are not as well positioned as some of our competitors, stating the fact particularly in the US, so we absolutely need to go out. And firstly, sure we got a product that people own properties want to put on our platform. That's kind of the new things I talked about in terms of the liability insurance, in terms of payment system that is actually workable and works well even that. But then we have to make people aware of this. And that's going out, we mentioned we have a new campaign out, we're spending money. And it's more than just marketing out there. It's actually individuals talking with the big owners of multiple, multiple properties, make sure they understand what we can bring to them. That's how we start to bring in more of that because we don't have the supply. You've never becoming business. So we do that. And then we obviously have the second the other side of this two sided marketplace, make sure that consumers are aware of this too and make sure they're coming to it. That's how we're going to do this over time. And it's obviously something that I've been talking about for a long time, I'm sure people will get a little tired of me saying it. But it's this is where we're going. I mentioned how we are, we did have a net increase in alternative accommodations, very pleased about that. And we are going to keep on building this. And it builds on itself. This is again, it's one of those things where it's like a snowball, and you need to get it rolling. And then it will build more and more faster and faster. It's going to take some time. I'm pleased with where it is, in terms of the window and may repeat that part of the question.
Mark Mahaney: I'm just kind of curious, like where you do see supply demand imbalances based on what you've seen in the forward booking window going into the summer and other elements of this, where maybe there are disconnects in supply versus demand by product type looking out deeper into the year.
Glenn Fogel: Yes, so right now, we're not seeing any shortage of supply from demand, people come in, and it's not, so they're not -- they can't find anything [Indiscernible] or the rates right now. That doesn't mean and peak summer that there won't be some shortages of inventory. But that happens every normal year when there's peak summer travel in the northern hemisphere. The most popular places will fill up and most popular low key -- and most low key properties in most popular locations are going to fill up. One of the great things that we've been doing for some time is being very flexible in offering customers when they come in, and we're not having enough inventory, we think because things are filled up there. We're offering an alternative place that they could go and stay or different locations to your property all different ways. We are doing so working more different experiments to do that. But we're not the only one to do that. That's important. You have a customer in your store, you want to sell them you don't have enough of what they want you show them something else that probably he is just like, that's what we're doing. Clearly over time what I want to do, though, is not have to have this conversation about the US that we don't have enough of the single properties on the beach and XYZ. And that's something that really what we're working on, but right now I don't see an issue right now we're having insufficient supply.
Operator: And now we will now take our last question comes from Doug Anmuth from J.P. Morgan.
Doug Anmuth : Great. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to ask about international recovery. It seems like you're suggesting it's coming more from short haul. Just curious what you're seeing in terms of long haul and how you're thinking about none of that coming back. Thanks.
David Goulden : Sure. I’ll start --
Glenn Fogel: You got, Dave, start.
David Goulden : Go on Glenn. I’ll stop.
Glenn Fogel: You start.
David Goulden : So yes, so you're right. International recovery in total international bookings in total across borders, we define it in April is down a little bit short haul report or within Europe actually up decently, but long haul, still down, not too surprisingly, I mean total to see the international booking number close to flat for April, I think is a great step forward, not surprisingly, inter region is going to recover fast, fastest, most European countries and now relax all restrictions for travelers within Europe, which is great. And long haul still down, but also rapidly improving and we see strong growth from travelers from the US, for example, obviously travel into and from Asia is still down. And that's an important destination for both US and European people when you look at long haul routes.
Glenn Fogel: And David you basically said what I was going to say, basically, we have a situation that is very tied somewhat to restrictions and is countries that are typical long haul destinations, some of them in Asia, for example, as they'll begin to lighten up and feel more confident they can go without having to do a lot of different things don't have to quarantine before, don't have to go to get a test they have done test before as these things go away, then people will travel more and more of these long haul trips. So I definitely and positive on the continued trend in this area.
Doug Anmuth : Good, thank you both.
Glenn Fogel: Okay. Was that the final question?
Operator: Yes, that is our final question. So I will now turn the call back to Glenn Fogel for the closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Glenn Fogel: Okay, thank you. As always, I want to thank our partners, but I really want to thank all of our partners who have generously contributed to our refugee platform. Also, of course, want back to customers, our dedicated employees and our shareholders. We appreciate your support as we continue to build on the long term vision for our company. Thank you all and good night.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes today's conference call. Thank you, everyone for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-23 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Booking Holdings Fourth Quarter 2021 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guaranteed of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings' actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the safe harbor statements at the end of Booking Holdings' earnings press release as well as Booking Holdings' most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings' earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings' website, www.bookingholdings.com. And now I'd like to introduce Booking Holdings speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and David Goulden. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you and welcome to Booking Holdings' fourth quarter conference call. I'm joined this afternoon by our CFO, David Goulden. Despite the appearance of the Omicron variant in late November and its rapid spread throughout Europe, the U.S. and other parts of the world, we closed out 2021 by delivering fourth quarter revenue and adjusted EBITDA of $3 billion and $940 million, respectively which were better than we expected. Room nights decelerated from down 10% in October compared to 2019 to down 35% in December. However, I am pleased to say that since December, we have seen a meaningful improvement in top line trends, with room nights in the first half of February reaching 2019 levels and with gross bookings higher than 2019. At Booking.com, I'm encouraged to see strong gross bookings on our books for the summer period in Western Europe and North America, both of which are now ahead of where we were at this time in 2019. Although I note that a high percentage of these bookings are cancelable. 2021 was a year in which our hopes for a return to normalcy were set back several times, first with the Delta variant and then Omicron. However, we witnessed proof that people have a deep desire to travel. When leisure travelers believe it is safe to travel and restrictions are lifted, people book travel and we are currently seeing this starting to happen in many parts of the world. While this is a potentially favorable backdrop for 2022, we do expect there will still be periods when COVID negatively impacts travel trends as we move through the current year. David will provide additional details on our fourth quarter results and what we are seeing so far in the first quarter in his remarks. As I look back over the last year, I am proud of the work we have done under still difficult times to strengthen our core accommodation business by driving benefits to our traveler customers and to our supplier partners. For our customers, we remain focused on addressing our customers' critical needs of value, choice and convenience. One of the many ways we provide value for our customers and partners on Booking.com is through our Genius loyalty program. For our customers, our Genius loyalty program offers lower prices and other benefits like complimentary breakfast, room upgrades and discounted airport taxis. For our partners, our Genius program delivers incremental room nights to properties from our most loyal customers. Over the last year, we have meaningfully expanded our Genius loyalty program at Booking.com by opening the lowest level of Genius benefits to any customer who creates an account and is logged in on Booking.com. At the beginning of 2022, we fully launched a third tier of Genius for our top customers that made at least 15 bookings in the last two years. These Genius Level 3 members have access to even lower prices and priority customer service support in addition to all the benefits available to Genius Levels 1 and 2. These improvements to our Genius program are indicative of our efforts to move beyond just the transaction and increase our focus on value for the customer. With a higher degree of customer focus, we aim to increase loyalty, frequency, spend and our direct relationships with our customers over time. Over the last year, we have enhanced Booking.com's mobile app, making it more user-friendly and easier to use. As I said before, the app is a critical platform as it allows us more opportunities to engage directly with travelers. It is also where an increasing number of bookings are happening and ultimately, we see it as the center of our connected trip experience. In 2021, Booking.com was the number one downloaded OTA app globally according to a third-party research firm. For 2022, we are increasing our efforts to enhance the app in order to build on the success we saw over the last year. In the fourth quarter and for the full year, we saw a consistently higher mix of our customers booking directly with us than in 2019 and our direct mix improved even as we leaned into performance marketing channels during the year. We will continue to lean into performance marketing channels at appropriate ROIs as we look to bring more customer demand to our platform during the recovery. In addition to performance marketing, we will be utilizing brand marketing, particularly in markets where we are looking to raise consumer awareness of our customer-facing brands. A timely example of that which I hope all of you saw two weeks ago or so, was Booking.com's first Super Bowl ad in which we reintroduced the Booking slogan to our U.S. audience. We had a great year in the U.S. in 2021 with strong growth in room night and very strong growth in gross bookings versus 2019, even though Booking.com was relatively quiet from a brand marketing perspective. We are looking to accelerate the momentum of last year's performance by layering in brand marketing that extends beyond the Super Bowl ad through the rest of the year in order to introduce Booking.com to an even broader audience. As I mentioned last quarter, we have an ambition to acquire more customers in the medium intent space. We continue to work on strengthening our foundations for digital marketing, including in social channels. However, our spend so far remains relatively small. For our supply partners, we strive to be a valuable partner to all accommodation types on our platform which means focusing on bringing incremental demand to properties from the broad audience of potential customers on our platform. For alternative accommodations, our global mix of room nights in 2021 of about 29% was in line with 2019 levels. In Europe, where our alternative accommodation offering is more competitive, our mix of room nights increased in 2021 by a few percentage points relative to 2019. We continue to work on improving the competitiveness of our alternative accommodation offering in the U.S. market, where we have added targeted supply over the last year and have plans for more additions and improvements to come in 2022. We closed out the year with 2.4 million hotel and alternative accommodation properties and over 28 million total reported listings on Booking.com, both of which were stable relative to the prior year. Let me now talk about the progress we have made over the last year in some of our key strategic priorities around payments and the connected trip. These strategic priorities are interrelated and we believe both will further enhance the strength of our core accommodations business and support its continued growth. On payments at Booking.com, we saw a further increase in adoption by our property partners in the U.S. in the fourth quarter, now with over half of U.S. gross bookings booked at properties that have adopted payments. Globally, about 60% of gross bookings are booked at properties that have adopted payments. About 30% of Booking.com's total gross bookings in Q4 were processed through our payment platform which brings the full year 2021 mix to about 27% compared to about 22% for the full year 2020 and about 15% in 2019. We will continue our work on positioning Booking.com as an attractive and trusted payment intermediary by providing payment options favored by both travelers and our supplier partners across hotels, alternative accommodations, cars, flight and attractions. Furthermore, we see Booking.com's payment platform as a key component of our larger connected trip vision. On our connected trip vision, we made progress in 2021 as we work to build a robust flight platform on Booking.com. This flight platform gives us the ability to engage with potential customers who choose their flight options early in their discovery process and allows us an opportunity to cross-sell our accommodation and other services to these flight bookers. Flights also enables us to provide a more complete travel offering to our accommodation of customers. Booking.com's flight platform is now live in 34 countries which collectively represented about 70% of Booking.com's room nights booked in 2019. We continue to see that over 25% of Bookings flight bookers are entirely new customers to the platform. And of those new customers, an encouraging percentage are attaching an accommodation to their flight booking. These are positive early signals which help demonstrate that our flight offering can drive incremental new customers to us and we can cross-sell our accommodations product to them. We will continue our work to further optimize the cross-sell opportunity and build on the early positive signals we are seeing in flights. In November, we announced our intention to acquire Etraveli for €1.6 billion and we expect to close the transaction later this year pending regulatory approvals. Etraveli is one of the largest flight-centric online travel agencies and is a leader in flight booking technology. They've developed a comprehensive technology platform sourcing complex flight content from a variety of supply providers which is then distributed to consumer-facing sites. Booking.com and Etraveli have been successfully partnering over the last two years with Etraveli powering Bookings flight product. Given the strategic importance of flights to our connected trip offering, we believe it is critical to bring Etraveli flight expertise and technology in-house while also unlocking some of the limitations that exist in our current commercial agreement. When the deal closes, Etraveli will continue to operate as an independent company within Booking Holdings while further supporting the development of booking.com's flight platform. Outside of flights, Booking.com has significantly improved the coverage of its attractions product over the last year, in part due to the successful integration of third-party supply from Viator and Musement. We now have bookable attractions available in cities that represent about half of Booking.com's accommodation transactions which is up from about 10% coverage a year ago. While the volume of attractions bookings is still modest, we believe that developing a compelling, easy-to-use attractions product will help keep travelers engaged with our platform through the trip and build loyalty. We had a very busy end to 2021 and start to 2022, so I'd like to address a few other important recent updates. First, I am very excited to welcome the Getaroom team to Booking Holdings. We closed our $1.2 billion acquisition of Getaroom at the end of December and we are well underway with integrating Getaroom into Priceline, where it will help expand Priceline's current strategic partnerships business. Getaroom is a B2B-focused distributor of hotel rooms, primarily servicing leisure demand through about 150 affiliate partners primarily in the North American market. The B2B business is an important component and channel in our expansion efforts to reach new customers and partners, particularly in key markets such as the U.S. We believe B2B business can generate attractive returns by providing inventory to affiliate partners without the B2B business needing to invest significant dollars in brand marketing or online performance channels to generate customer demand. I am confident that the combined strategic partnership business of Priceline and Getaroom will improve B2B distribution for hotel partners while offering a robust accommodations technology stack for affiliate partners to help further enhance our offerings in North America. Second, some of you may have seen the news two weeks ago that Booking.com plans to enter into an expanded strategic partnership with Majorelle, one of our most trusted long-term external customer support partners. As part of this partnership which is still subject to consultation with works councils and regulatory approvals, Majorelle will begin employing most of the customer service representatives that previously worked for Booking.com outside The Netherlands and the U.K. We have been successfully working with Majorelle for six years in order to help meet the evolving seasonal demands of our business and we believe that this expanded partnership will help increase the flexibility and efficiency of our customer service offering going forward. Finally, on our last earnings call in early November, I discussed the urgency of tackling the global climate crisis and the importance of our industry coming together to work towards the goal of carbon neutrality by 2050. Shortly after that earnings call, Booking.com launched its Travel Sustainable Program. This is a first-of-its-kind program that features a travel-sustainable badge for any property on our platform that has implemented a combination of sustainable practices. When searching for accommodations, travelers can see whether or not a property has been given a travel-sustainable badge and can filter search results based on the badge. We believe our greatest influence on sustainable travel is through enabling our accommodation partners to showcase their sustainable practices to travelers who are looking for ways to travel more sustainably. We are looking forward to talking more about this program and other efforts and commitments related to sustainability when we publish our 2021 sustainability report and our first climate action plan in March. In conclusion, we executed well and produced strong results in 2021. As we look ahead to 2022, I am encouraged by the quick rebound in bookings we have seen so far this year and the level of summer travel on our books. While we expect to see some volatility in trends as a result of the ongoing effects of COVID, I am confident in the continued recovery in travel demand globally as there is clearly a very strong desire to travel among our leisure bookers. Of course, we are concerned and are monitoring the situation in Eastern Europe which we recognize could be disruptive to travelers who may be going to that region. Overall, we believe we are well positioned to continue capturing travel demand and we'll continue our work executing against our strategic priorities. As I have said before, we are thinking about our business beyond just getting back to 2019 levels of demand. And we are focused on building a larger and faster-growing business with more products that generate some more earnings after the full recovery and for the long run. I will now turn the call over to our CFO, David Goulden. David?
David Goulden: Thank you, Glenn and good afternoon. I'll review our results for the fourth quarter; provide some color on the trends we've seen so far in the first quarter and our thoughts on 2022. All growth rates for 2021 and 2022 are relative to the comparable period in 2019 unless otherwise indicated. Information regarding reconciliation of non-GAAP results to GAAP results can be found in our earnings release. Now on to our results for the fourth quarter. On our November earnings call, we discussed the improvement in trends that we saw throughout the third quarter driven by Europe, followed by a further improvement in October driven by Asia. You will recall the trends weakened in Europe towards the end of October driven by a number of countries that have seen recent increases in the Delta variant infections at that time. In November, we saw a slowdown from October in our overall trends driven mainly by Europe and this slowdown continued to worsen in December across all regions with future Omicron variant concerns. This resulted in Q4 reported room nights declining 21% versus Q4 2019 which was 11% worse than the 10% decline in October but only a few points worse than the 18% decline in Q3. December room nights were 35% below 2019. Looking across the full quarter; the slowdown in Q4 versus Q3 was driven primarily by Europe which declined about 20% versus Q4 2019, while our other regions improved in Q4 versus Q3. Compared with Q4 2019, the U.S. continued to have strong growth in the fourth quarter, while Asia was still down considerably and rest of the world was down modestly. However, as I mentioned, we saw a slowdown across all of our regions in December, most meaningfully in Europe and in the U.S. Mobile bookings primarily through our apps represented 2/3 of our total room nights in the fourth quarter and for the full year. Our apps continue to represent an increasing majority of our mobile bookings. We all continue to see greater than 50% of our total room nights coming to us through the direct channel. Our direct channel increased as a percentage of our room nights in the fourth quarter and for the full year relative to 2020 and 2019. The international mix of our total room nights in Q4 was about 33%, in line with Q3. Q4 international room nights were down almost 50% compared to Q4 2019 levels, a few points worse than the decline in Q3. We continue to see growth in our domestic room nights in the fourth quarter, also a level slightly below Q3. The December slowdown was more severe for international than for domestic. Our cancellation rates were up a few percentage points versus 2019 in Q4 and for the full year and increased meaningfully in December due to concerns about the Omicron variant. The booking window in Q4 of Booking.com was much shorter than it was in the fourth quarter of 2019 and contracted further in December as customers focused mainly on short-term travel needs. Alternative accommodation of Booking.com, the global mix of room nights is about 27% in Q4 and about 29% for the full year was in line with 2019 levels. The global mix was impacted by the underperformance of Europe relative to North America. Within Europe, our mix of alternative accommodations increased in Q4 by a couple of percentage points and for the full year, by a few percentage points relative to 2019. Gross fee declined 8% in Q4 which is less than the 21% decline in room nights due to an increase in average daily rates for accommodations on a constant currency basis of about 13% versus 2019 and very strong performance in our flights business. Our accommodation constant currency ADR benefited by about 4 percentage points from an increased mix of business in North America which is a higher-ADR region; and a decrease of mix in business in Asia which is a lower-ADR region. Excluding regional mix effects, constant currency ADRs were up about 9% driven by rate increases in most of our regions, most notably in Europe and North America and especially in higher-demand, leisure-oriented destinations. Constant currency ADRs were higher than expected due in part to continued higher rates for flexible bookings plus generally higher pricing in North America and in Europe. Airline tickets booked in the fourth quarter were up 116% and for the full year, were up 104% versus 2019 driven by very strong growth of Priceline and by-flight bookings at Booking.com. We're encouraged to see a full year of triple-digit growth from our flights business which is a key component of our multiproduct connected trip strategy. Consolidated revenue for the fourth quarter was almost $3 billion, down sequentially 36% from Q3 2021 and 11% below Q4 2019. Q4 2021 revenue was more than double the $1.2 billion of revenue we recognized in the fourth quarter of 2020. Q4 revenue was stronger than our expectation due to higher ADRs and a shorter booking window. Revenue was less impacted than bookings from Omicron in Q4. Revenue as a percentage of gross bookings was about 40 basis points below Q4 2019 which was better than our expectations as the deceleration within Q4 more negatively impacted our gross bookings than revenue in the quarter. Excluding timing impacts, our underlying accommodation take rates were about in line with Q4 2019 levels. Our full year revenue was almost $11 billion which is 27% below 2019 but improved 61% versus 2020. Full year revenue as a percentage of gross bookings was 14.3% which was lower than 15.6% in 2019, primarily due to the timing differences between gross bookings and revenue recognition. The strong revenue results in the fourth quarter helped drive adjusted EBITDA of $940 million which was 27% below Q4 2019. Sequentially, Q4 EBITDA was down 55% which is better than we expected. This was driven primarily by the higher-than-expected revenue and lower-than-expected OpEx in our more fixed expense categories. Marketing expense which is a highly variable expense line, decreased 2% versus Q4 2019. Marketing expense as a percentage of gross bookings increased slightly versus 2019, in line with our expectations. The marketing ROIs were a little lower than our expectations due to the negative impact of cancellations late in the quarter and this was offset by a higher-than-expected mix of direct business. Sales and other expenses were 21% higher than Q4 2019 due to a higher volume of merchant gross bookings and higher outsourced call center costs. About 30% of Booking.com's gross bookings were processed through our payments platform in Q4 and about 27% for the full year, up from 22% in 2020. We expected our more fixed expense categories in aggregate to be about in line with Q3 due to lower personnel costs offset by higher IT and G&A costs. They came in 10% lower than Q3 due to year-end finalization of our bonus expense accruals as well as lower-than-expected IT costs. This means our Q4 personnel expenses do not reflect our run rates going into 2022. Non-GAAP net income of $554 million results in non-GAAP EPS of $15.83 which were down 32% versus Q4 2019. Our non-GAAP tax rate of 20% was higher than 18% in Q4 2019. Our full year non-GAAP tax rate of 20% was 1% higher than in 2019 due to a high proportion of nondeductible tax expenses -- nontax-deductible expenses in relation to a lower pretax income versus 2019. On a GAAP basis, we had operating income of $848 million in Q4. We recorded GAAP net income of $618 million in the quarter which included income tax expense of $198 million. Now, on to our cash and liquidity position. Our Q4 ending cash and investment balance of $14.3 billion was down versus our Q3 ending balance of $15.4 billion primarily driven by the $1.2 billion Getaroom acquisition, partially offset by positive free cash flow of about $178 million. Two housekeeping notes about Getaroom. The first is that it closed at the end of Q4 and was not meaningful to Q4 results. The second is that we did not include the incremental room nights from Getaroom in our commentary about January and February. These incremental room nights will be included when we release our Q1 actual results. In early January, we started returning capital to shareholders under our remaining authorization and have to date purchased about $500 million. Assuming that travel recovery continues, we still expect to complete our remaining organization within the next three years. Now on to our thoughts for the first quarter. And to remind you, we'll make comparisons with 2019 unless otherwise indicated. January room nights declined about 22%, an improvement from the 35% decline in December as concerns around the Omicron variant eased. This improvement was driven primarily by a recovery in cross-border travel within the European region and domestic travel in Europe. We saw room nights trends improving throughout January and continuing into February. Our room nights in the first half of February were about in line with 2019 levels and gross bookings were higher. In the first half of February, we saw a meaningful improvement across all of our regions compared to January. The U.S. has strong room night growth versus 2019 in the first half of February, while Europe had about 10% growth. Rest of the world was up slightly and Asia was down about 35%. Our mix of international room night recovered from about 23% in December to over 40% in the first half of February which is the highest international mix we've seen since the start of COVID. As a reminder, our pre-COVID international mix was just over 50%. As I mentioned, the improvements we see in the first half of February are broad-based with large countries in Europe and international travel routes within Europe driving the largest impact. The new cross-border bookings we're seeing in Q1 in Europe on average have a longer length of stay and a shorter booking window than comparable bookings in 2019. As we've seen throughout the pandemic, when travel restrictions are lifted and traveler confidence increases, bookings improve quite quickly. Given the rapid changes during the first half of Q1, it's difficult to predict how room nights for the remainder of the quarter will develop. While it's encouraging to see the recent improvements, we are still in a potentially volatile environment with high COVID infection rates in some part of the world and geopolitical uncertainty that could impact our business, especially in Europe. So far in Q1, the overall booking window of Booking.com has contracted less versus 2019 than it did in Q4. We've seen recent strength in our summer booking trends and our gross bookings for the summer are higher than they were at this time in 2019. The summer booking trends are stronger in Western Europe, where gross bookings for the same period are up double digits versus 2019 and gross bookings for the U.S. are also higher for the summer than they were at this time in 2019. Of course, a very high percentage of all bookings for summer are cancelable, so things could change rapidly. Turning to the income statements; we expect the change in gross bookings in Q1 versus 2019 to be several percentage points better than the change in room nights due to an increase in ADRs and very strong flight bookings. Constant currency ADRs in Q1 so far have increased versus 2019 at a similar rate to Q4. We expect Q1 revenue as a percentage of gross bookings to be about 1.5 percentage points lower than in Q1 2019 as the booking deceleration in Q4 negatively impacts revenue -- negatively impact on revenue and the booking recovery in Q1 benefits revenue in future quarters. This 1.5 percentage points of difference in revenue as percentage gross bookings could be higher if booking trends increased meaningfully from the first half of February, especially if a high percentage of these bookings offer stays in future quarters. We expect margin expenses in Q1 will trend about in line with gross bookings compared to Q1 2019. We expect sales and other expense in Q1 as a percentage of gross bookings to be about the same as it was in Q4. We expect our more fixed expenses in aggregate will be about 15% higher in Q1 than in Q4 on a dollar basis due to the impact of seasonal increase in benefit costs, the 2021 year-end personnel-related accrual finalizations and the impact of planned hiring as well as increases in IT expenses, including some deferral from Q4. In my just explained and reminding you that Q1 is our seasonally lowest quarter, we expect adjusted EBITDA to be positive but down sequentially from Q4 significantly more than the sequential declines we saw pre-COVID primarily due to the impact of Omicron on Q1 revenues. As we think about the full year ahead, we're encouraged about the strong summer bookings we're seeing so far and we're optimistic about the continued recovery of later travel. However, we do expect continued volatility in our top line trends driven by COVID. There are other uncertainties on the horizon, including the current geopolitical situation which could impact travel. If we look at Russia and Ukraine combined as destination markets, they represent a very low single-digit percentage of our total gross bookings. All this makes it very difficult to predict how the top line will progress during the year and how the full year will turn out. As we think about the recovery of travel in 2022 and the opportunity in front of us, we plan to invest in marketing other incentives and improvements and expansion of our products to attract existing and new customers to our platforms and to drive additional loyalty in the future. This also requires investments in people and technology. We're excited about the opportunity to expand our business and we believe we can strengthen our position in accommodations and build a much more complete travel solution for our customers and partners. We believe this is the right thing to do for higher longer-term returns from our business. With this in mind, there are a few factors to consider when thinking about shape of the P&L for the full year. These fall into four buckets; revenue, marketing, sales and other expenses and our more fixed operating expenses. Starting with revenue as a percentage of gross bookings, we expect this to be higher in 2022 than it was in 2021 but lower than in 2019. In 2021, our revenue as a percentage of gross bookings was about 130 basis points lower than 2019, mainly due to timing differences between the recovery of gross bookings and revenue. In 2022, we expect this timing to be less of an impact than it was in 2021. Moving to marketing; there are a number of factors that come into play. We expect the environment to remain competitive, especially as the leisure travel market moves closer towards full recovery. We intend to remain disciplined in our performance marketing ROIs and we'll continue to invest in developing the medium intent social media channels and you'll see us active in branding in the U.S. and other major markets. Our goal continues to be to use our marketing strength to gain share in markets where we can with reasonable returns. We expect to run initiatives and programs during the year to attract both existing and new customers to our platforms. It's difficult to know exactly how these factors will play out across the year but we expect marketing as a percentage of gross bookings to be a little higher than it was in 2019 and also in 2021. Of course, an increasing direct mix helps our marketing efficiency and we believe the investments we're making will result in a higher direct mix over time. Turning to sales not expenses; we expect these to be up 50 basis points higher than in 2021 as a percentage of gross bookings. This is mainly from additional payment processing costs but also impacted by anticipated higher third-party customer service expenses. The additional expenses related to payments are offset by a higher payment-related revenue. The last area is our more fixed operating expenses which include personnel, G&A and IT. We expect our personnel expenses to be impacted by higher-than-average annual wage increases, especially in the product and technology areas; and by planned headcount increasing in key areas, including product and technology and bond-related functions. We expect personnel expenses to be about 10% higher than in 2021. We expect that G&A and IT will both grow faster than personnel driven by a number of factors, including digital services taxes, returning to a hybrid work environment and the investments to enhance our customer and partner-facing and internal systems. The comments we made for 2022 do not include the anticipated reduction to personnel expense and increases to sale and other expense from the enhanced strategic partnership with Majorelle that Glenn spoke about. We do not anticipate much of an impact on adjusted EBITDA in 2022 from this initiative and we'll update you again in May. Also, we expect our acquisition of Getaroom to have a small positive impact on our P&L in 2022. As Glenn noted, we expect that the Etraveli acquisition will close later this year which will result in a minor impact to the P&L in 2022. So when thinking about the shape of the P&L in 2022, these factors mean that revenue recovery will lag the gross bookings recovery and EBITDA recovery will lag revenue recovery. Some of the lag in EBITDA versus revenue is timing, i.e. the marketing we spend on bookings we expect to recover ahead of revenue. On top of this, we plan to make investments in customer acquisition and in expanding our product offerings we mentioned earlier. Taken together, we expect our EBITDA margins in 2022 to be a few points higher than we were in 2021. Looking beyond 2022, we continue to remain focused on investing to build a larger and faster-growing business with more products than we had pre-COVID that delivers more EBITDA dollars and more earnings per share with industry-leading EBITDA margins. In closing, we're confident in our ability to capture demand as the global travel market recovers and to execute against our strategic priorities. With that, we'll take your questions. And Chris, I'll turn the call over to you for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Justin Post of Bank of America.
Justin Post: Great to see your bookings back to '19 levels. I know there's a lot of thought about what booking looks like post-travel recovery. So I'm wondering if we could revisit some of the things you're thinking about, what the business could look like as far as booking levels and margins when we get back to normal. And I know you've made a couple of acquisitions. I'm sure you're excited about those. And obviously, your connected vision trip seems to be in the right direction. So maybe we could revisit how you're thinking about the absolute number -- the absolute value of bookings and also what the absolute level of EBITDA could look like once we get to a full recovery.
Glenn Fogel: Why don't I let David handle the margin. Though he did -- he just said it in his prepared remarks. I'll let him say it again.
David Goulden: Justin, let me give you a little bit more color. And I appreciate the question. So we are focused upon, as I said, growing a business that is larger than it was in 2019. It's more diverse in terms of product offerings. It's growing faster than it was in 2019. It has more absolute EBITDA dollars and EPS dollars. That's our focus. We've given you obviously some color where things go in 2022. We expect that we can expand our volume beyond 2022. And we expect that once we are kind of to normal in that final state, we'll have industry-leading EBITDA margins. But beyond that, we don't want to get too specific about exactly what they're going to be other than our goal is to give more EBITDA dollars, more EPS dollars that are growing faster than they were pre-COVID.
Justin Post: Great. And then the two acquisitions you made, one you closed and one is still open. How are you thinking about those? Are those areas that are really going to help you save costs? Or do you think those are actually booking drivers?
Glenn Fogel: Well, they're really two different acquisitions, Justin. Why don't I take them separately. So the Getaroom one, as I described in my prepared remarks, is very much adding to what we already have at Priceline in a B2B business that helps bring in customers that we wouldn't have gotten through our other marketing programs, whether it be pay-for-performance or brand. These customers are coming from affiliates. And there are contracts that Getaroom had and different technologies they have that by bringing them in is going to get us additional business that we wouldn't have gotten otherwise. On Etraveli, that was a different situation where, as I pointed out many times, how important it is for us to have this connected trip vision fulfilled. And one of the critical parts of it is our flight business. And we absolutely are very pleased to see not only the growth in our number of flight bookings but also the fact the number of new customers getting coming and the number who are then buying an accommodation. Now Etraveli has been powering the Booking.com product for two years. Great technology. They do a lot of things that could we recreate on our own? Probably it would take a long time, would require us to use resources that we want to use elsewhere. So by acquiring Etraveli, we're going to bring that technology in-house and be able to do things that we couldn't do when we were just a commercial partner. So I'm looking very forward to having that close and hopefully, as we said, in the future and then really began to develop a great, great combination.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Lloyd Wamsley of UBS.
Lloyd Walmsley: Two, if I can. First, can you give us just an update around how you're thinking about timing for adding some of the value-added features to payments that could drive positive contribution to the P&L? And is it safe to say that even if you pass some of that cost, some of that margin along to consumers, it would likely drive faster growth and therefore, revenue, even if it wasn't directly revenue margin-accretive? And then the second question would be, can you maybe give us some color around the benefits of connected trip beyond incremental revenue from adding new products? So what do you see with repeat rates or direct rates among users who adopt multiple products? Anything you could share there would be great.
Glenn Fogel: Sure, Lloyd. Two separate questions. Let me talk a little bit about the payments product and what we're developing and how it's going and I'll let David add a little more to it. I'm sure he want to add some more specifics. Clearly, we've talked about this in the past that one of the critical things is enabling a customer to be able to pay in the way they want to pay and enabling the supplier to get paid in the way they want to get paid. So right way, getting that out in the market enables us to have more business. Then you go beyond that and you see do it cheaper for our suppliers, do it in a way is cheaper than they're doing it right now the way they're doing their payments the way they're getting it through our old agency model Booking.com and finding a way that we can do that in a way that not only improves their business because they'll not to pay as much but obviously, we'll make a little out of that, too. But then it goes much more beyond and that is the connected trip. The connected trip doesn't work if you don't have payments because we need to put it all together in one payment that we can then handle on our own. And particularly, if there's anything goes wrong, we don't have to undo it, too. That's really going to be helpful to us. And then it's not just payments but it's our fintech unit which is the payments people but doing more things; it's coming in and helping out in flexible-type products. People want a flexible product. They can cancel us. Creating that on our own is something we'll be doing more so in the future. There are a number of different things we can do that will absolutely increase both the ease of use, the convenience and enable us to make more money out of it. And I'll pause there and let David, if he wants to add anything more to that.
David Goulden: I think, Glenn, you did a great summary of the interconnectivity between those two and the new areas. A lot on timing. Nothing major in terms of market impact in 2022. We're still in building mode for some of those value-added products that you mentioned. And market entry where you might see any impact will be more into the 2023-2024 time frame.
Glenn Fogel: Then to the second thing, Lloyd, in terms of the connected trip, step one is build out the verticals. We didn't have flights a couple of years ago on Booking.com at all. And as you can tell by the numbers I put out, we still don't have 100% coverage for all the areas that we do accommodations. Have to build that out. Also just some of the technologies at Etraveli, we have a lot of things we can do to just improve that product. I talked a little bit about the attractions product where we had only 10% coverage last year. Now we made a lot of good progress to 50%. We had to put that all out. And then there are other areas, ground transportation, other parts of the trip. So we're building out all the verticals first to make sure we have the supply, make sure it works well, et cetera. At the same time, we are beginning, as I pointed out, about the people who get flights and then buy in a combination, we are doing some of that cross-selling and bringing that out. We'll do more and more. The goal, of course, is to make it so that it is so seamless, so frictionless that people when they're using Booking.com or any kind of trials we're doing, they're finding easier and offering more value. And that value comes from suppliers being willing to chime in to our platform and be able to offer different things that we can then very, very scientifically target at different customers in a way that gets an incremental customer to that supplier. The customer is happy, the supplier is happy and we, of course, make money. That will develop the loyalty, that will develop the direct business and that's where we're going for. And it's the same way in other parts of e-commerce where people don't shop around, they don't look around. They go to one player because they know that's the place where they're going to get the most value easiest to you, et cetera. And that's what we're going for. It's going to take some time but I love the progress that we're making.
David Goulden: And Glenn, I'd just add to that as well that when we kind of look at our customer base and not too surprisingly, our top customers, the ones who can spend the most with us, uses most often are more likely to use multiple things, more likely to use the app and a much more likely to interest directly. So that's the model that we're trying to build upon to build the loyalty that Glenn mentioned. And we do have good evidence that, that is a trend that we can build on. And the more we build value, complete travel offering, frequency, direct linkage via the app, the more loyal those customers become.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Kevin Kopelman of Cowen & Company.
Kevin Kopelman: I had a follow-up on the latest recovery trends. Based on all the data that you have, do you have a sense of to what extent the strong booking numbers you saw in the first half of February reflect sustainable levels that you could see going forward in the coming months as opposed to kind of a short-term catch-up after the Omicron pressure that you saw in December and the start of the year? And as a follow-up to that, to what extent are travel restrictions that are still in place in many European countries still hurting booking activity based on the data that you've got?
Glenn Fogel: Kevin, so I think it's very difficult for anybody to have a perfect crystal ball into exactly what is driving the good numbers that David talked about for the first half of February. However, I think we can all feel fairly certain that there's a tremendous amount of pent-up demand for travel. For several years, people have not been able to travel the way they wanted to travel. Savings are up so people have cash. And I hear it anecdotally. I hear it when I talk to CEOs in the industry, what they're seeing, what they're hearing. I think everybody feels that people want to travel. And I don't think I would just see this as just a little bit of an Omicron rebound is what we're seeing. I think what we're seeing is people being able to travel, restrictions are going down, people are feeling safer. There are some new things coming out that will reduce the frictions in -- further in Europe. There's an announcement by the EU counsel about wanting to suggest getting rid of some of the restrictions. Those things all help people feel better about travel. And of course, though, there are parts of the world that are still having problems. And eventually, those are going to go down, too. So I feel good about the demand. I feel good about the future of travel. That being said, David made -- mentioned it several times, there are a lot of uncertainty still about how linear this is going to be. And I think we have to all look back at the past one. Many times, we thought things were out of the woods and then we weren't out of the woods. And of course, David also mentioned and I mentioned there are some macro events happening in different parts of the world that can also impact travel. So I think we all have to be cautious but optimistic. Here's the thing I absolutely do know, though, the long run. I know in the long run, we're going to do well in travel. People are going to come back. You can't stop that demand in the human being that wants to travel. How fast? We can't be certain but I am confident in our future.
Kevin Kopelman: Could you comment on the travel restriction piece in Europe? To what extent are you still seeing restrictions in Europe still limiting some of the activity? Or is that pretty much up already?
Glenn Fogel: No, it's not completely done. The different countries -- you had different counties and I look at the list all the time. Some places are letting them up completely. U.K., you're probably aware; other places, still some. And the question is, do you need to take a test before you show up or not? If you're vaccinated but you're not vaccinated with an EU-approved vaccination here with the WHO vaccination approval, what's the difference there, all these things. But I think a lot of this stuff is going to be going away. And I hope, I hope in other parts of the world also, that these restrictions around the world can go down as quickly as possible. Australia, for example, was letting tourists back in and you maybe you saw some of those happy, happy photographs. Look, the fact is that I do not believe and I've seen a lot of data on this, that the restrictions on travel and this comes from the WHO and other authoritative sources, that travel restrictions do not have a significant impact on reducing the amount of infections in countries. And therefore, given the social costs, financial costs, et cetera, a lot of these restrictions should be lifted.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Anmuth of JPMorgan.
Douglas Anmuth: One for Glenn and one for David. Glenn, was just hoping you could talk about the elevated brand strategy in the U.S. and just how the approach differs here versus in previous years. And then also any comments just framing the broader marketing landscape as you go into stronger recovery. And then, David, unless I missed it, I was just curious on any financial implications from expanding the customer service partnership with Majorelle.
Glenn Fogel: So Doug, I heard the second part a little bit about the brand marketing but I didn't hear the first part. Let me answer the brand and our general marketing approach in the U.S. going forward and then maybe give me -- say again the beginning part there. Clearly, you saw that we didn't do a lot of brand marketing at the worst of the pandemic. And obviously, there's no reason to spend that money. And now with the recovery coming, we're coming back. And I'm very pleased with what we saw with our sub add-on. It's very, very early but I'm pleased with the numbers and what I've seen so far. And so we are stepping back into a more normal marketing approach as we did in 2019. That being said, we're always going to do what we've already done which is, look, where do we think we're going to get the best return for our marketing dollars. And we continue to evaluate what's going to give us the greatest return. But one thing that we have been changing over time and that is not looking just for the immediate transaction seeing what are we doing in terms of building out the long term, the loyalty, the repeat business, the coming back direct and being able to measure where that person came from and what they do after that. So we're a little more scientific in it than perhaps we were in the past for the long run but I'm pleased with that because I think that's what we need to do to really build the franchise and increase the value of the company. The first part -- what's the first part, Doug, you asked about?
Douglas Anmuth: I think you hit the brand strategy pretty well. The second part I wanted to ask about the customer service partnership expansion and just financial implication.
Glenn Fogel: Sure. David, still there?
David Goulden: So let me take that. So first of all, let's put this into context. We -- this is to do with Booking.com. So Booking.com, we've been working with external service providers for a long period of time. And you may or may not know that when we get to our peak periods, the majority of our customer contacts actually handled by our XL partners. So for example, typically, last summer, we had about 75% of the CS contacts were handled by EXLP. So this is not something new. It's just something have a little bit more accelerated. Financial impacts, do not expect much in 2022. We're still working through, as Glenn said, through approvals and the close process, then there will be a transition period. Going forward, 2023 and 2024, this is more about potentially having the ability to have -- let the cost increase than in the past but the cost driver is not really the driver for doing this. It's really about ability. We have incredible variability in our workload from peak periods to low periods. And to run an in-house CS team is quite inefficient and also isn't the best employee experience for our workers because -- so they are experiencing peaks and troughs and the Korea development is also restricted because it's a very in-house group. So the bigger factor is really our flexibility, giving a bigger pool of opportunity for our employees and then with that comes some cost -- potential cost benefits in the form of lower increases as we ramp up the volumes.
Glenn Fogel: And I would just add one other thing is we still believe absolutely the importance of great customer service. This has nothing to do with changing that. We're still going to be doing the technology that goes into the customer service process, our policies, all those things we're doing that. Also, it's looking to the future but we hope to build a very big company. The idea of then having to build a very big internal customer service operation is just not the best use of our resources, our managerial capabilities. This is something that is better done by people who are experts in that and can really do it better than we can do it but we can still provide all the great things in the actual customer service to the customer. It's definitely a win-win.
Operator: Our next question from Mark Mahaney of Evercore.
Mark Mahaney: Two questions, please. That 9% constant currency ADR growth, I think that's the highest I've ever heard you talk about. And I guess that's -- and if I'm right, maybe that's not surprising given what's happened to overall inflation rates being at decade-highs. So when you think about this year, what are you assuming in terms of the sustainability of that? Maybe I'm even asking whether inflation is temporary or permanent. So just your thoughts on what do you expect to happen with ADR. Like when you -- when you're running your business, what are your assumptions? And then the second thing I want to ask is, David, when you talk about the ability of Booking to grow post the recovery, to grow faster than it did in 2019. And if that were to actually happen, what would be the biggest drivers of that? Like what would be the greatest things I would cause on the top line, the business, to grow faster post-COVID than it did pre-COVID?
David Goulden: Sure, Mark. Let me take both of those. So yes, the 9% constant currency ADR growth was actually adjusted for basically geo mix, right, so same country. And that is a strong number. We experienced 9% ADR growth last year, again, versus 2019. So it's quite possible ADR is going to be at or higher than they were in 2021. I mentioned what the factors were. I mentioned the fact it was higher than our expectations. Do you think that the rates would start to tail off a little bit when we got into the -- got the high season where obviously, there was more supply relative to demand but the rates continue to hold up. And as I mentioned, flexible rates are still at a premium. But just underneath that, there was basically just higher prices, particularly in the left-oriented, high-demand areas remain strong. So we think that ADR is likely to be as high in '22 as we were in '21 compared to 2019. And then in terms of faster growth, I mean there are a number of factors there. We do believe that it can take together. We believe that there's further growth for us in the accommodation business, both on a geographic point of view, expanding our offering into alternative accommodations and adding on to that all the benefits from the connected trip, what we can do on top of that because of payments because of the fact we offer a more complete offering, thinking about more targeted ways to customize a complete solution for our customers, our pricing, payments, customer service. We think that we are solving today a relatively small part of the total travel equation and the potential for us to solve more of that is what's going to drive more growth, basically create a better product, a better service, have customers coming to us more frequently, increasing loyalty. They all work together to provide what we think is a great growth opportunity for us.
Operator: At this time, I would now like to turn the conference back to Glenn Fogel for his concluding remarks. You may proceed.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. We are very pleased with 2021. It was a volatile and difficult year but it showed progress. And as always, I want to thank our partners, our customers, our dedicated employees and our shareholders. We appreciate your support as we continue to build on the long-term vision for our company. Thank you and good night.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes today's conference. Thank you, everyone for participating. You may now all disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-03 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Booking Holdings Third Quarter 2021 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  These forward-looking statements are not guaranteed of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied, or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations, and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact, are intended to identify forward-looking statements.  For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of Booking Holdings earnings, press release, as well as Booking Holdings most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly and forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or other.  A copy of Booking Holdings earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the for Investors section of Booking Holdings website that's www. bookingholdings.com. And now I'd like to introduce Booking Holdings speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and David Goulden. And I will turn the call over to Glenn Fogel your CEO. Please go ahead, sir.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you and welcome to Booking Holdings ' Third Quarter Conference Call. I'm joined this afternoon by our CFO, David Goulden. I am pleased to be reporting strong results today for our peak travel season. Compared with 2019, Q3 room nights were down 18% which was an improvement from the 22% decline we previously reported for the month of July, and the 26% decline in Q2. The improvement since July was primarily driven by stronger room night trends in Europe. In the United States, room night growth in Q3 was strong, but lower than Q2.  Asia room night declines in Q3, were about an online with Q2 and remain down significantly versus 2019. International travel, which is important to our business, drove the overall sequential improvement in room night trends from Q2 to Q3. Nevertheless, our international room nights remain significantly depressed versus 2019. Q3 consolidated revenue of $4.7 billion, was more than double the amount of revenue in Q2.  The third quarter was also our most profitable quarter since Q3, 2019, with $2.1 billion of adjusted EBITDA and a 45% adjusted EBITDA margin. Moving into the fourth quarter, we have seen a further improvement in our room night trends in October, including early signs of a pickup in room night trends in Asia. Now, well, recently rising COVID case counts in many countries, including several important European countries, adds to the uncertainty around how November and December trends will progress.  David will provide additional details on our third quarter results in what we are seeing so far in the fourth quarter, in his remarks. The improvement in trends we saw in the third quarter. And so far in the fourth quarter following the negative impact for the Delta variant in July and August, once again, demonstrates the resilience of leisure travelers, who are looking to travel, when it is safe to do so, and restrictions are lifted. We are confident that we are on the path to the eventual strong recovery in travel demand globally.  As the global recovery continues, we are making progress, strengthening our core accommodation businesses support its long-term growth. As I said before, the strength of our core business comes from driving benefits to our traveler customers and our supply partners alike. For our customers, we are aiming to create a superior booking experience and build stronger relationships, which we believe is accomplished by addressing our customers critical needs of value, choice, and ease-of-use.  We continue to see Booking.com's pre-pandemic customers coming back and booking with us, while we're also attracting new customers. Importantly, we see our top customers from before the pandemic were turning to us at a meaningfully higher frequency than other customers. Providing attractive prices on accommodations is a key component of offerings value for our customers.  We work closely with our supply partners to increase participation in our targeted rate programs to ensure that compelling prices are available to our customers. Our Genius loyalty program at booking.com is a great example of a program where hundreds of thousands of our property partners are participating to offer lower rates and other benefits such as complementary practice, room upgrades, and discounted airport taxi to our large customer base.  In addition to offering lower rates on accommodations, we have recently extended lower rates on rental cars to our Genius customers. This is just 1 example of the way we continue to innovate and add value for our Genius members. With about 2/3 of our room nights booked on mobile devices, and the majority of those booked through the app, it's critical that we provide our customers with a positive booking experience on our app.  The app is an important platform as it allows us more opportunities to engage directly with travelers and ultimately, we see it as the center of our Connected Trip experience. In the third quarter, booking.com was once again the number one downloaded OTT app globally, according to a third-party research firm. Also, in the third quarter, we surpassed 100 million monthly active app users for the first time. The recent growth of Booking.com's app is encouraging, and we are working hard to continue to build on this success. In the third quarter, we saw a higher mix of our customers booking directly with us than in the third quarter of 2019.  A direct mix improved even as we leaned into performance marketing channels during our peak travel season. While we will continue to invest in performance marketing, we will also look to expand the diversity of our marketing and customer acquisition channels, as we aim to drive incremental traffic to our platform and increase consumer awareness of our brands. For example, with our ambition to acquire more customers in the medium intense space, we've made progress in strengthening our foundations for digital marketing, including social channels.  Though us spend so far has been small. However, we're increasingly confident in the potential for these channels. And as we see positive results, we expect to raise our level of participation there. Remaining active in investing effectively across marketing channels, is made even more important by the opportunity to acquire focus for new to online booking channels. Travel, like many industries during pandemic, has seen a meaningful shift from offline to online according to third-party data.  And this has increased our addressable market. For our support partners, we are focused on bringing incremental demand to their properties from a broad audience of potential customers on our platform. In a certainty of 600 small and medium hoteliers in Europe conducted earlier this year, 85% percent of respondents agreed that online platforms are a cost-efficient way to increase the reach to their hotel and source more diverse, yes. We agree with this statement and believe it applies more broadly.  Whether we are working with a small and medium hotel in Europe, or an alternative accommodation, or a large global hotel chain, we strive to be a valuable partner to all accommodation types on our platform. With our chain hotel partners, we are continuing to see increased engagement relative to 2019 levels, which shows up in higher levels of participation in our programs that enable them to differentiate and promote themselves on our platform. For our alternative accommodations, the global mix of room nights in Q3 of about 30% was up slightly from Q3, 2019.  This increase in [Indiscernible] recombination share of our business in the quarter was less than it was in Q2 as we saw a greater sequential improvement in demand for hotel room nights in Europe from Q2 to Q3. Our property counts of about 2.4 million and reported listings of over 28 million on booking.com remains stable relative to the prior quarter. Let me talk more about some of our key strategic priorities. Payments, and the Connected Trip, both of which we believe will further enhance the strength of our core accommodations business, and support its continued growth.  Turning to payments of Booking.com. Last quarter, we spoke about the organization of all of our payments, initiatives and efforts within a new Fintech unit at booking.com The recently established Fintech nearly enables booking.com to have a dedicated focus on enhancing payments in our core business to both customers and partners, as well as monetizing our overall transaction flows, be a new payments, related products, and services. Adoption of our payment solutions by our supply partners in both the U.S. and Europe continues to grow. Adoption in the U.S. has seen significant increases recently, driven by the additions of some major hotel chains in the second and third quarters, which we will look to build on in the fourth quarter.  In Europe, more customers are choosing to pay using booking.com 's payment platform when finalizing their booking as an attractive and localized options are provided. This will result in nearly a third of booking.com 's total gross bookings in Q3 being processed through our payment platform, which is up from about 22% for the full-year 2020. The Fintech unit is also driving continued payments innovation to ensure that growth is sustained into the future.  This includes offering a low-cost payout choice to our suppliers, as well as partnering with third-parties to provide payment solutions to our buckets, such as, buy now pay later. We believe these efforts help position booking.com as near transit and trusted payment intermediary for all parties on our platform. On our Connected Trip vision, we've been focused this year on enabling travelers to book the major elements of their attributing one place on Booking.com.  We continue to work on scaling up our robust flight platform on booking.com which will give us the ability to engage with flight bookers early in their travel generally, and allow us an opportunity to across LOR accommodation and other services to these bookers. Booking.com's for the product is now live in 27 countries. Total Company air tickets in the third quarter was up 131% versus Q3 2019, primarily driven by strength in Priceline's, but also helped by Booking.com slight offering, which continues to meaningfully exceed our expectations. Wallet remains early days for Booking slight product.  We're seeing that over 25% of Booking's flight bookers, are entirely new customers. With these new customers, we are seeing an encouraging attach rate of accommodation bookings. However, there is more work to be done to further optimize the cross-sell opportunity. The early signals helped demonstrate though, that our flight offering can drive incremental new customers to the platform to which we can cross-sell our combination product.  We are beginning to test initiatives targeting these new flight customers, including, for example, encouraging account creation to activate Genius status, and in some cases, offering additional incentives for them to book accommodations. We remain focused on continuing to test and innovate in order to build on the early successes, we're seeing with flight at Booking.com. We're also continuing to run test using offerings from our verticals like rental cars and taxis.  Before closing, I do want to note that as world leaders assemble this week in Glasgow for the cop26 Summit discussing the urgency of tackling the global climate crisis. I cannot overstate the importance for our industry to come together to work for the goal of carbon neutrality by 2050. De - carbonization is a major challenge for the entire industry. Excelling this challenge requires the commitment of all stakeholders. I am proud to say that our Company, Booking Holdings, is committed to addressing this challenge.  We recently released a report that we commissioned with EY-Parthenon that looks into what will it take to get the accommodations industry specifically to a carbon-neutral future. While a big task, data shows it is achievable. At booking.com, we are working on making it easier for travelers to find and choose sustainable accommodation options with booking their travel. In addition, we're working with our accommodation supply partners by sharing guidance, insights, and best practices to enhance sustainability initiatives at the property level.  Of course, there is much more that must be done, but we believe that we are taking important steps to contribute to a more sustainable future for our industry. And finally, we plan on publishing a Booking Holdings, climate transition plan in early 2022, which we'll speak more about at that time. In conclusion, we executed well and produced strong results in our peak travel season, which is a credit to the hard work and support provided by the many teams across our Company. I'm encouraged by the signs of recovery we are seeing in many parts of the world.  And I'm confident that we are on the path to an eventual strong recovery in travel demand globally. We continue with our important work to strengthen our Company's position and execute against our strategic priorities. As I said before, we were thinking about our business beyond just getting back to 2019 levels of demand, and we are focused on building a larger and faster growing business that generates more earnings after the full recovery, and for the long run. And now turn the call over to our CFO, A - David Goulden, David [Indiscernible] David is dialing back in, I think.
David Goulden: Yeah, I'm calling back in Glenn. Sorry, have you just finished?
Glenn Fogel: Yes. I just finished.
David Goulden: All right. Perfect timing, thank you. I was cut off and I'm back in again. Thank you, Glenn, and good afternoon. I will review our results for the third quarter, provide some color on the trends we've seen so far in the fourth quarter. To avoid comparisons to the pandemic impacted periods in 2020, all growth rates are relative to comparable periods in 2019, unless otherwise indicated. Information regarding reconciliation of non-GAAP results to GAAP results, can be found in our earnings release. Now onto our results for the third quarter.  On our last earnings call, we discussed the improvement in trends that that we saw throughout the second quarter driven by the U.S. and Europe, followed by loss pullback in July. After our earnings call, we saw our overall trends improve in August and continue to get better in September, which resulted in Q3 reported remise declining 18% versus Q3 2019, which was ahead of the 26% decline in Q2 and the 22% decline in July.  September was the strongest month in the third quarter, we remise declining for 14%, about the same level as June. The improvements in the Q3 room night decline versus Q2 was driven primarily by Europe, which benefited from strong cross-border travel with a duration. In Q3, room night in Europe, were down mid-single-digits versus 2019 with room night trends improving in August versus July, September was similar to August.  You will recall the room night growth pulled back from June to July in Europe due to concerns over the Delta variance. Rest-of-world also improved from Q2 to Q3. In the U.S we --, Q2 to Q3. However, the U.S. still have strong growth in the quarter and remained our strongest performing major country in Q3. Within the U.S. we saw a meaningful slowdown in August from the very strong growth we experienced in July, followed by a recovery to strong growth in September. The slowdown in the U.S. in August with due to concerns about the Delta variance.  Asia room night declined in Q3, or about in line with Q2. Room nights in Asia was still down significantly from 2019 levels. Mobile bookings primarily through our apps, represented about 2/3 of our total room nights are. Our apps continue to represent an increasing percentage of our mobile bookings. In Q3, as Glenn mentioned, we achieved an important milestone in use of our app at Booking.com, surpassing 100 million monthly active users.  We are also pleased to see the number of unique customers booking via our app in the quarter, grow strongly compared with Q3 2019. Our direct channel as a percentage of our room nights, year-on-year, and relative to Q3 2019, increased. While international room nights remain down versus 2019, we saw no sequential improvements in our international trends, with international mix of our room nights increasing to about 33% in Q3 from about 25% in Q2, and about 15% in Q1. Most of this improvement in international room nights came from bookings for travel within Europe. We continued to see double-digit growth in domestic room nights in Q3, but at a slightly lower level than in Q2. The pickup in international travel in the quarter was a driver of the improvement in overall room night trends from Q2 to Q3. However, international room nights were down almost 50% compared with Q3 2019 levels. Our Q3 cancellation rate was slightly above Q3 2019 levels. However, cancellation rates improved in the quarter and September was slightly better than 2019 for the month. Percentage of our 2,000 -- of our Q3 2021 bookings, made with flexible cancellation policies, remains significantly higher than in Q3, 2019.  The booking window of Booking.com remains shorter than it was in the third quarter of 2019 and contracted more they did in Q2, as we saw a high mix of near-term bookings during our peak summer season. All regions had a shorter booking window in Q3 than in Q3, 2019. alternative accommodations that the global mix of room nights in Q3 of about 30% was up slightly from Q3, 2019. The increase mix alternative accommodations in the quarter was less than it was in Q2, as we saw, a great sequential improvement in demand for hotel room nights in Europe from Q2 to Q3.  I will turn into Cornish room nights in Europe grew slightly in August and September versus 2019 down for the quarter were about in line with Q3 2019. We believe we benefited from the strength of our portfolio Europe where we could respond to solid demand for alternative accommodations and an improving demand for hotels. Gross bookings declined 6% in Q3, which is less than the decline in room nights due to the increase in average day rates for accommodations of about 10% versus 2019 on a constant-currency basis.  And also due to a couple of points of benefit from changes in FX rates and strong performance in our flight business. Our accommodations constant currency ADR benefited by just over 5% points for an increased mix of business in North America, which is a high ADR region, and a decrease of mix in Asia, which is a low ADR region. Excluding regional mix effects, constant currency ADRs were up just about 4%, driven mainly by rate increases in Europe and North America across many destination-types with notable strength in beach-oriented leisure destinations.  [Indiscernible] figures booked in the third quarter were up 131% versus 2019, driven by very strong growth of Priceline. [Indiscernible] flight bookings at Booking.com We're encouraged to see another quarter of triple-digit growth from a [Indiscernible], which are key components of our multi-product Connected Trip strategy. [Indiscernible] revenue for third quarter was 4.7 billion, which was 7% below Q3, 2019, and was more than double the amount of revenue in Q2, 2021, a far greater sequential improvement in 2019. Our Q3 revenue as a percentage of gross bookings was about in line with Q3 2019, which was in line with our expectations.  We experienced even more revenue seasonality in Q3 2021 than normal due to the concentration stays in Q3 from bookings made in the quarter and also for bookings [Indiscernible] when customers could book accommodations, but could not stay due to restrictions and other COVID related concerns. The strong top-line performance for performance resulted in adjusted EBITDA of $2.1 billion in the third quarter, which is 15% below Q3, 2019. Marketing expense, which is a highly variable expense item, decreased 3% versus Q3, 2019.  Marketing expense declined by few points less than gross bookings, due to slightly up low ROI in paid channels of the invested into capturing demand during the peak travel season. Sales to our expenses in Q3 were significantly higher than they were in Q2 on a dollar basis, due to higher volume of merchant gross bookings, which increased as a percentage of our total gross bookings in the third quarter. Our Booking.com announced a gross bookings process to our payment. Payment platform in Q3 was over $6 billion, which was almost 1/3 of Booking.com's business, up from about a quarter in Q2.  Our more fixed expense categories in Q3, in aggregate, came in 3% lower than Q2, after $136 million of personnel expense in the second quarter related to our decision to repay the government aid was mostly offset by an increase from Q2 to Q3 in our bonus accruals and digital service tax expense, both of which are crude proportional to revenue. Our non-GAAP EPS was $37.70, down 17% versus Q3 2019. non-GAAP net income of $1.6 billion reflects a non-GAAP tax rate of 21%, which is higher than the 19% in Q3 2019 due to a high proportion of non-tax-deductible expenses in relation to lower pre -tax income versus 2019.  On a GAAP basis, we had operating income of $2 billion in Q3. We recorded GAAP net income of $769 million in the quarter, which includes a $1 billion pre -tax realized loss on our equity investments primarily relates to our [Indiscernible], as well as income tax expense of a $199 million. Now onto our cash and liquidity position, our Q3 ending cash investments balance of $15.4 billion was down versus our Q2 ending balance of $16.1 billion at the $1.5 billion of free cash flow was more than offset by the repayments for $1 billion convertible note matured in Q3 and the $1 billion unrealized loss on our equity investments.  The return of capital to shareholders, has and will be an important component of our value creation strategy. Throughout the COVID pandemic, we said that we will start returning capital to shareholders when we saw that our 3 largest regions, we're no longer a meaningful risk of [Indiscernible] reversal due to COVID, and also become more predictable. Assuming that travel recovery continues, we plan to restart returning capital in early 2022 under our remaining authorization.  Assuming continued recovery, we'd expect to complete this organization within 3 years from restarting. Now onto our thoughts for the fourth quarter. Our total room nights declined 10% versus 2019, which is better than the 14% decline in September. The improvements in October were driven mainly by Asia. Although the region comes -- a lot of the region remains down from suitably visiting. 2019. The improvement in Asia was led by domestic travel with the many countries and was driven by an improving vaccination progress and governments easing restrictions on travel.  Room night growth in the U.S. improved little from September to October and remains strong in October. Rest of the world also improved little in October, and was back close to 2019 levels. We were declines in Europe were about the same in October as they were in September, but weaken towards the end of the month. This resulted in overall room night declines being higher in the last week of October than the average for the month.  The slowdown at the end of October in Europe was driven by a number of countries that have seen recent increases in COVID infections, including Germany, Russia, and Italy. Given the ongoing uncertainty around COVID, it's difficult to predict how room nights in November-December will compare with the 10% reduction we saw in October. Looking forward to November-December, the rising case counts across many important Western European countries and across much of Eastern Europe, as well as the start of the winter season in the Northern Hemisphere, which in 2020 contributed to an increase in COVID cases, creates unpredictability.  Also, pre -pandemic contribution of Asia to total room nights was highest in November and December, and Asia is still our least recovered region. On a more positive note, since the U.S. announced in late September the plans to ease travel restrictions in November for international travelers who are vaccinated, we've seen a significant improvement in room nights booked by Europeans to travel to the U.S. as well as the reverse. Also, we're pleased to see more gross bookings on the books for the Christmas, New Year periods, that we saw at this time in 2019 in the U.S. and Western European. Change to the Income statement, we expect Q4 gross bookings to decline by a few points, less the room nights, driven by higher reported ADRs and flight bookings versus 2019. We expect less of an increase in our ADRs in Q4 than Q3 due to less of benefit from regional mix of the Asia region continues to recover, but also due to low occupancy rates after the peak travel season. We expect Q4 revenue to decline more than gross bookings due to a couple of factors.  The first, is due to short booking window in Q3. A low percentage of Q3 bookings [Indiscernible] normal will stay in Q4. The second, is due to our expectation that the booking window will contract less in Q4 than it did in Q3, resulting in more bookings made in the quarter that are expected to check-in in future quarters. As a result, we expect our revenue as a percentage of gross bookings to be more than 1% below Q4, 2019. This also means we expect Q4 revenue to have a greater sequential decrease from Q3, that we saw in 2019, and we expect Q4 revenue to decline more than it did in Q3.  We expect Q4 marketing expense as a percentage of gross bookings increased slightly versus 2019, as we expect to invest in capturing demand and increasing awareness during the continued global recovery of travel demand. We expect Q4 sales or expenses to be lower than they were in Q3 due to lower merchant transaction volumes. However, we expect sales or expenses in the fourth quarter to be higher than in Q4 2019 due to higher merchant, volumes, and mix.  We expect our more fixed expense categories in Q4 in aggregate to be about in line with Q3 on a dollar basis. We expect Q4 EBITDA to be positive but driven largely by the higher, the normal seasonal decrease in revenue, we expect a much greater seasonal sequential decrease in EBITDA from Q3 to Q4, the normal. In conclusion, we're pleased with our recovery and the top-line in Q3, which led to strong finance results for the quarter. The financial strength we saw in Q3 was [Indiscernible] by the concentration of stage in the quarter, which will lead to some differences in the comparison of Q4 to Q3 relative to what we've seen in prior years.  October room night trends improve relative to September, driven by some encouraging trends at Asia. However, recently, the rising case counts across Europe increases in certainty about how trends will progress in November and December. In closing with confidence in our ability to capture demand as the global recovery continues and execute against our strategic projects. With that, I will now take your questions and Eli, I'll turn over to you to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Reminder to our audio attendees [Operator Instructions] Please stand-by while we can open the Q&A line. The first question is from the line of Justin Post of the Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Justin Post : Great. Thank you for taking my questions. Great to see Europe recovering. With room nights down 10% versus '19, Glenn, maybe you could go through what needs to happen from here to get above '19. What areas still need to come back strong and not just Asia, but your thoughts on that. And then David, maybe you could talk about core business margins versus '19. Let's ignore payments and take your trip for now. But how are you thinking of the puts and takes on the core business versus '19. Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: Hi, Justin. I don't think it's a very hard answer really what we need. What we need is, obviously, more of a recovery against this pandemic, because that's clearly what's driving the problem than in many industries, ours particularly. For us, we've talked about this a few times. We talked about, our business has done well with international, and international generally has been hard hit, albeit we are seeing some better things. But that the long haul is still a problem. Yes, we're seeing some numbers coming up in Asia, great. I love it. The fact that people are getting more vaccinated in Asia, that's great. The fact that vaccines are being distributed more broadly and getting around, that's great.  The fact that the pharmaceutical Companies are coming out with new ways to combat against this terrible virus with pills now, that can help people who have caught it, end up being hopefully healthier quicker, all good things. But what we need really, is for everyone who can get a vaccine, to please go out and get that vaccine. If you're medically able to and you're capable getting it, please get. That will help hasten the recovery for not only the travel industry, but the entire world. And that's what we hope will happen.  Obviously, we're doing everything we can, so we're prepared when that day comes, which it will, we can't say when, but we know will come. And we're preparing by doing all the things that Dave and I have been talking about. Preparing with our partners, and getting our marketing prepared, and doing all the steps that you know we've been doing to make sure that when travel comes back to above 2019, we're getting the share we want to be getting. And David, you want to [Indiscernible] -- you're going to answer the second question and answer mine too.
David Goulden: Yeah. So now, I [Indiscernible] as great, we’d actually be [Indiscernible] relatively quick on the puts and takes in the core combination business. Our underlying take rates have been solid, and obviously, the reported take rates are a function of timing, so that continues to go well for us. As we get to -- back to 2019 levels, there will be some inflation refresher on the personnel line. Everybody knows there's a war for tech talents out there, and we've had two for years whether the merit increases in other expenses in -- other increases in our cost base.  Of course, we did take expenses out, but there are variable expenses. So, they will come back with some efficiency over time, but there will be some pressure on the personnel line. But there are other things that are in the model that we can use to offset that pressure. We can get extra economy to scale as the business growth is beyond 2019 levels on both the fixed costs and on the variable cost side as well. There are opportunities in our direct mix, which of course is very important. And of course, a key element.  And this will grow happens to off over ROIs. And on the front marketing side where we saw some increase in the first half of the year, we saw some small compression in the second-half of this year, but those markets are very variable and very dynamic, and we're pleased with how we're doing in those markets. The last thing I want to leave you with on that topic is that within our core business, there's always a trade-off between growth market share, and profitability.  So, to the extent we see opportunities, we leaning in. We want to try and drive market share increases where we think that we can, that will pressure the business in the short-term as we lean into making those investments. And also, as the investment in marketing and other areas were basically be a leading indicated relative to revenue. So, there will -- we do believe that we're -- there are opportunities for us to gain share in accommodations through this -- the recovery and beyond. So that would be an additional factor in the mix and how we think about the long-term business margin in accommodations.
Justin Post : Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Kevin Kopelman of Cowen and Company. Your line is now open.
Kevin Kopelman: Great. Thanks so much. Hoping to dig into ad spend trends a little bit. So, spend is going up a little. How much of that is Booking getting more aggressive as demand picks up versus a more competitive overall ad environment? And then compared to 2019 as distribution in brand and performance changed meaningfully. And lastly, can you give us an update on the kind of merchandising and promotion -- some of the merchandising promotion tests that you've done over the past couple of quarters? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: David, why don't you take the first 2, about the aired competitiveness, and I think some brand question? And I will talk a bit about some of the merchandising.
David Goulden: Exactly. Thank you. Let us do that. So, Kevin, if you remember we -- on the last call, we said that we expect to see some reduction in our rise in Q3 versus 2019 and actually, our rise came out very much where we expected them to. Actually, our direct mix was slightly better than we expected in Q3. And that's why those less of a compression in the difference between gross bookings and marketing that we actually expected in Q3.  So that's positive. If it really -- something that we -- I say that was more what we did because we expect that to be the outcome. Of course, these markets are dynamic and as recovery continues, more, more play will come back into the marketplace. But basically, what happened in Q3 was very much in line with what we've told you a quarter ago would happen. The mix in between brands and the performance has not materially changed. If you recall, back in 2019, around 9% of all marketing spend was in imports, marketing.  We are looking to move up -- to move the brand spend up a little bit over time. But of course, brand has been very much shut down in 2020. It's not going back on in 2021. So, we're not in a very different position than where we were in 2019, but we do see the opportunity to continue to trend a little bit more towards brands, some of which might go on at the mid-funnel (ph.) market opportunities that Glenn talked about. And then Glenn, I'll turn -- hand over to you to talk about the 3rd one.
Glenn Fogel: Yeah. So, Kevin, obviously, merchandising is a very important reason why we built out, and are continuing to build-out, our payments platform in booking.com. Just making sure that we're able to compete and provide great value to our customers. And what's really important is not doing just out of our own pocket, but working with our partners, coming up with the right time to the right consumer, the right offer and helping them.  Our supply partners, also provide some of that, let's say, added value. For example, we may do flash sales. You may hope or you've seen some. Hope you've gotten some, hope you actually booked some of them. That's an example. One of the things, for example, when somebody is getting in accommodation and we are able to offer them either lower cost or even free sometimes, right from the airport to the hotel. In a [Indiscernible], different variations that we can do with the different verticals in coming up with the best combination, trying to do as much as we can with our suppliers’ money, but sometimes using our own too to come up what really is an attractive offer. So, the consumer knows that when it come to our site, they're getting the best value, because value really is one of the key strategic objectives for us, always through providing that.
Kevin Kopelman: Thanks Glenn. Thanks David. Really helpful.
Operator: Your next question is from Deepak Mathivanan from Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Deepak Mathivanan: Thanks. This is Zack on for Deepak. Thanks for taking the questions. First on pent-up demand. Obviously, it's been a nice tailwind for your business so far and general travel demand over the last few quarters. But just curious how you're thinking about whether there's another leg to run on the level of pent-up demand.  Asia is still depressed, as you noted, and across border restrictions are easing. So, as we look into next year, how are you guys thinking about the level of pent-up demand? And then second, when we dig a little further into the current trends, is there any reversal in terms of urban versus suburban or shorter versus longer-term [Indiscernible] you could call out? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: Zach, so just to make sure I understood your first part of your question. You're just asking a little bit about how we're going to get the demand that's coming in the future, do I have that correct?
Deepak Mathivanan: Just -- I guess like understanding whether the level of pent-up demand that you guys’ kind of expecting as we move into next year given there's still current travel restrictions, especially on the cross-border side --
Glenn Fogel: Right.
Deepak Mathivanan: You just --
Glenn Fogel: Okay.
Deepak Mathivanan: Remain depressed.
Glenn Fogel: Yeah.
Deepak Mathivanan: So, as we look into next year, should we see another --
Glenn Fogel: Right.
Deepak Mathivanan: Kind of books.
Glenn Fogel: I got it.
Glenn Fogel: Okay. Why don't you about first half, but I'll let David say wherever we are -- what we feel, we can disclose regarding any of the trends regarding different parts of the business. So, we absolutely know there's huge pent-up demand by of course any time, any government, let's go restriction. We see immediate, immediate demand. So, for example, the announcement of the November 8th opening for people to come to the U.S. Immediately, we saw demand. In the U.K. when they changed restriction, immediate demand. So, we know it's there.  Absolutely. Now, how much have we don't have a way to quantify it, but we do note if you look at particularly in the U.S., when you look at what people savings rates are right now, you have been able to save a lot of money during this pandemic and they want to spend it. And one thing people have not been able to do as much they want to, is go travel.  So, I believe there is a significant amount of demand there, just waiting to come out. But of course, you'd have to -- we have to have these restrictions for the long-haul international travel open up. And we also -- we know that it's important that we always provide the best value so that when they do travel, they come to us and David what you can say about suburban and local far what you can say.
David Goulden: Yeah, Zach (ph.). Q3 saw strong recovery across the geographies that we talked about. So, I'd say there's still a bias towards more leisure outdoor-oriented activity, particularly beach-oriented properties did very well in the summer months in the Northern Hemisphere.  But we do see some recovery into the cities as well, and I think this -- we all know that anecdotally, if you want to book a hotel room night in a city, it's becoming increasingly hard. So, we are seeing recovery across the board, although still more entry (ph.) towards the outdoor beach-oriented leisure locations.
Deepak Mathivanan: Great. Thank you.
Operator: All right. Your next question is from Mark Mahaney on the Evercore ISI, your line is now open.
Mark Mahaney: Thanks. Three quick ones, please. Any impact at all from IDFA. Secondly, those 100 million mobile app, MAUs, do you have enough history to know if those are actually materially different? Are they more or less profitable? They more or less loyal than, more or less likely to convert than the users that you had coming at you from other platforms.  And then third, please, the rolling out of the air products to more market. you have it in 21 markets, you rolled out some good statistics here about how 25% of the customers are new. And there was something you said about add-on sales. If you could just repeat what that was. But it all sounds like that's a really good product addition. So, I guess the action question is, why aren't you out -- how long will it take you to roll it out fully across our markets, given how positive it's been so far?
Glenn Fogel: Thanks Mark. Why don't I take -- let me do the air question first, then I'll talk a little bit about IDFA, and I'll let David what he wants to say about our app and I'm not sure how -- I'll let him be streets if you wanted to be or not about what we see ensuring profitability, etc. You're absolutely right about the air business very exciting for us, of course, and we've been working on it. And it's interesting because I happen to have noticed that in the first quarter call in 2020, just as things started going very bad for the whole world.  We're talking about the -- just starting out the air business at Booking.com in the fourth quarter of 2019. And I mentioned about we're striving to get to that 50% coverage of Booking.com customers. I was looking forward to hopefully doing that for 2020. And of course, that didn't quite happen exactly we wanted, but the question and it wasn't from you, Mark, who is another analyst to ask that why not a 100%. And I said, well, the 15% was just don't want to get to that year. [Indiscernible] of course, we want to get to a 100% and that still is the same thing. Yes, we're 27 countries, of course, we want to get to every single country, to anybody we currently deal with.  We want to be able to provide them with an air ticket, but it takes time. It's not something you just flip a switch. You have to actually go to regulation is to get licensing and all sorts of things. So, we're enrolling out as we can, as we should, and we will get to a 100% at some point, I do want to point out though we are at that over that 50% number right now. So, I am pleased to where we are with that. I also want to say though it's still so early, we're not doing big marketing yet, real big marketing. There are a lot of opportunities to get a much higher number of people come into this air product.  And the reason that we like it, is not only the 25% new customers, of course fantastic, but it’s that attachment rate, which I haven't given a number. But I'm pleased with where we are with that right now. And again, that's something we have not optimized yet. There's a lot of opportunity there to optimize that and get an even higher attachment rate. And that's part of the overall vision of being able to bring new customers in from different verticals, different ways than we've done in the past, which is primarily pay for performance marketing and delivering a lot more customer. And as we talked a little bit earlier in a previous answer about being able to provide them with a lot more value.  Your first question about IDFA, but these privacy related changes, they only impact a small part of our marketing, and it's obviously not unique to our Company. We know that very confident, we can manage through this. And as we know -- as you know, most of our marketing primarily paid marketing channels like PPC and [Indiscernible] and that's not going to be directly impacted by any of these kinds of changes. Our focus has always first-party data. We want to leverage the data into marketing, any of these changes to privacy, like the IDFA -- thing is this does not really impact us.  And I think you would know, we chose not to show us the app -- track and opt-in back in April 20 -- April 21 this year, April, while the IDFA specifically decided not to do that. And of course, you've seen our results since then, so I really don't think this is a big deal for us. Very proud of the team in our whole marketing. They will be able to work and come up with, I would say, privacy-oriented ways to continue to be able to market with good tracking and ROIs. And David, I think you had number 2, which is about the monthly active users through mobile.
David Goulden: Yeah, I got number 2. And Mark, what I can tell you is we kind of watch very carefully how different types of direct user response. And obviously, the more direct we can get, the better. And the more those direct customers returned and there are three types of direct customers. The direct customers using the app, the direct customers that come to us on the mobile web, the direct customers who comes to us on desktop.  And perhaps not too surprisingly, the direct customers on the app measured by the [Indiscernible] you just talked about, are most [Indiscernible] of their customers. It's a good thing. We will get more of that. And a lot of our marketing that we do these days [Indiscernible] oriented. I'd getting people to download and use the app because it's sticky.
Mark Mahaney: Thank you, Glenn. Thank you, David.
Operator: Next, we have Eric Sheridan from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks so much for taking the question. Want to come back to the comments you talked about a little bit earlier around the dynamics around hotel room night growth with traditional hotel supply room night growth versus alternative accommodations.  Curious what your view is on how the landscape on both the supply and the demand side might evolve as we move into a post-pandemic world and aim towards summer of 2022, and how you think about making investments on supply to match up the way in which there might be a more normalized travel environment in '22. Thanks so much.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. I'll give my first comments and I'll let -- David can always add if he'd like. So, we saw before the pandemic an increase in the alternative accommodations business as they became a larger and larger share of the total combinations business. And we're just going on a pretty steady rate going up. And pandemic happens and you get a step change. As people desire safety, being away from crowds and they go there. And now we've seen for ourselves, we've seen people liking hotels in that. I think the long-term trend that will continue.  And I think if you look five years in the future, I think alternative combinations will be a higher share. That means of course for us. We talked about this in the past how important is that we go out, make sure we get the best supply we can get. And that means working hard on that and making sure that the people own these properties, see us as a platform that they want to use, and it's first in their mind that this is a great way to fill up their properties, and that's something that we are working on absolutely.  The demand side similar. Go to Europe, and we've talked about in the past, and says, where can I get a villa? In the south of France, people will say, I think booking.com 's a great place. You went to the U.S. and we said, hey, I need a vacation place to ski. They may not think of booking.com first. We got to get that awareness up and I've talked about that in the past and that's what we have to do also. But one of the truly great things about booking.com is we offer more of both. Nobody offers -- you put together hotels and alternative accommodations, you put that together, were the ones that have both of those.  And I really believe that's a superior way for somebody to decide what they're going to choose in terms of accommodation. And we see this in our data. We see people come, they look -- first, start looking at one type and then they end up booking another type. And they're able to compare and contrast both. They'll see the reviews on both. Look at the prices on both. What are they going to get from one, what are they going to get from the other? That's why we believe we have a superior offering to the consumer.  And I do believe though that is something that absolutely, it's going to continue. But on the other side, you all see the hotels they're making some moves themselves. And they're coming up with ways to offer a better wall frame, providing some of the benefits of an alternative accommodation. Two of this silver, particularly so they are prepared as people work in a new way in the future and want to have both the benefits of the hotel but perhaps more room or more services that you can get in terms of making sure you have good WiFi or a place you can do your work at. And that's some nice, see also hotels are definitely be getting to that space. David, I don't know if you want to say anything more to that.
David Goulden: That was good. I just point out that to your point, that does strengthen that balance in both clearly contributed to us having a strong Q3 because we saw strong demand in [Indiscernible] to continue that we saw sequentially, a much bigger increase from Q2 to Q3 in hotels that we could off the book.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks so much for the color.
Operator: Next, we have Stephen Ju of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Stephen Ju: Okay. Thank you so much. Glenn, I think in the past we've talked about your payment’s product helping to expand your term by their on-boarding those users who may not necessarily be using credit cards and instead online payment services. Given the overall, I guess, depressed state of travel in Asia, maybe much of that value of lock is still in front of us, but are you seeing evidence in other regions of the world that this is helping to bring in that incremental user? And also, just the rising ability for you guys to merchandise as you do more the Connected Trip, but -- opens up a greater opportunity for you guys to run promos and change prices, enhance -- flex your gross margins up and down to drive growth on top of what has always been a more of a performance marketing-driven growth. So, is there still a pretty material gap in ROI from doing one versus the other at this point in terms of what you perceive?
Glenn Fogel: So, I'll talk about the first one about our payments. I'll let David talk about ROIs on our merchandising approach and how we're doing that. So, you're absolutely right. If somebody doesn't have the ability to pay for something because they don't have the appropriate payment method then they're not going to be able to buy from that person or in that Company like us. So, we always have to do that. So, if you are in Southeast Asia and let's say somebody is using most of the Grab, who is a partner of ours and they're using GrabPay.  Well, we're not able to use GrabPay for the hotel, taking the money in from the consumer, that person is not going to use us, they're going to use somebody else. We have obviously GrabPay our partner working on that. Or if you look at other ways, people who say they go and look, it's not their favorite, they could use it another way, they still decided not to use us. There's something else we've seen which is really interesting, is that just having more ways to accept payments seems to increase conversion sometimes.  I don't know why, I can give you a science, I just see data. This is a lot interesting. The other side is making sure we're paying the supplier the way they want to get the money. Because sometimes they say, you know I don't want to get it the way you're doing it with virtual credit card or I don't want to get it in terms of a bank transfer, I want to get it some other way. So, we've got to be able to do that, and that improves our relationship with the suppliers. If it particularly approves with the supplier when the method that we can get the money to them is cheaper than the method they are currently using.  That's a great thing when we can do that, that's another value add to that hotel or any other types of suppliers, lots of ways that we're going to do that and there are all other things we're working at, the ThinTec part of our business that we're just starting out. We talked last time about saving up that unit. There are a lot of opportunities there and we talked about how in 2019 we did over a $100 billion with a gross booking. And our idea is to -- let's find ways that we can monetize that better. And let's find ways we can provide value to both consumers and suppliers. And David, I don't know if you want to add a little ROIs and how we're doing merchandise.
David Goulden: Sure, as Glenn said, payments is increasingly becoming heart of the core value proposition that we offer at booking.com in particular to both customers and partners. It's no longer just kind of we think as add-on, it really is solving problems for both all of them in cost-effective ways and risk reduction ways, they couldn't do as efficiently themselves. So as much as ROI is growing so rapidly, changing all that mix. Now, you're right, Steve. Once we're on payments, we can participate in merchandising.  Of course, with the most efficient way to get rates, is to source great rates, which Glenn talked about, frame out additional lines. But if we need to participate over and above sourcing and driving promotional targeting particular users. and particular markets, we can with payments platform. And we now have enough experience under our belt, enough instrumentation around that, that we can treat that as you mentioned, as a marketing investment.  And look at it in a very similar way to the way we look at spend in the performance channels for example, count, compare ROI s one versus the other, and decide what the right mix is. So correct, with payments becoming a bigger piece of all proposition, where we can, where we need to, where we think it makes sense. We can look our merchandising through a strong ROI [Indiscernible]. We can be quite proactive in that area and compare it directly with other forms of spending and marketing.
Stephen Ju: Thank you.
Operator: Next, we have Doug Anmuth, of the JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Doug Anmuth: Thanks for taking the questions. I just wanted to ask about social advertising and if the dollars there are still small, but just curious what gives you the confidence and that working to the point of potentially adding some real dollars there? It's an area you've tried before, so just curious kind of what's different now? And then secondly, David, if you could just walk through those 4Q sequential revenue dynamics again, and if there's something that's particularly different, as opposed to just the normal seasonality? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: Hi, Doug. Yes. So absolutely small numbers right now, and I think I said that in my prepared remarks. These are small, small numbers right now. But obviously, there are a huge number of potential customers who are in those areas where we want to reach out, make sure they're aware of us, they're coming to us. So, it's a place that we're not going to ignore.  Now, we onset to come up with the right method, the right way to present and offer it, the way we are going to present our brand and be able to get them to come to us, and that means we've got to be able to measure, are we getting a good return or not. And I don't want to give too much in terms of sales, how we're doing what we're doing, but I'm feeling good about how we're building it up. And if we see the right returns, the right ROIs, because we are always very conscious of spending that advertising money the right way, then we will scale up and spend more money.  And then as I said in the prepared remarks, I feel good about where we are now because a great thing about our business, our Company, the way we think is, we're not dogmatic. We don't think just because we thought it first this would be great but then we absolutely do it. We're going to do it experiment, put money to work, see the results, test, and then we'll learn, and if it's great, we're going to put more money. If not, we'll come up with another way. That's how we built this Company, that's what we're doing in the future. And David, I think there's a question for you there.
David Goulden: Yeah. Doug, let me explain that -- re-explain that whole seasonality thing because this is quite important than we can explain it high level. So Q3 was very strong. It was always artificially strong from a revenue for me because you've got two things naturally healthy it. First of all, remember a lot of bookings in Q1, Q2 that we're always stay in Q1, Q2 stayed in Q3. So, we got that benefit compared to the normal Q3.  On top of that, in the quarter, more bookings in Q3, the normal stayed in Q3. So, because of what you window while so short, so Q3 got topped up two ways from Q1, Q2 and in Q3. So now when you think of Q4 and you are now comparing it against a very top up Q3, Q3, and some of that top of in Q3 directly impacts Q4. So Q4 gets impacted by comparing against a strong Q3. But I think some those Q3 bookings that normally would stay in Q4 stay in Q3, to now book, if you like a double factor driving the comparison between Q3 and Q4.  Also, we believe the booking window will start expanding Q4 so more than bookings in Q4 will actually leak out of Q4 than did in Q3 relatively. So, you've got these two factors kind of driving a very unusual comparison between Q3 and Q4. So, a fair amount more sequential revenue decline. It's all timing and all mechanics. But think of it as a Q4 comparing a Q3 on steroids. And some of the reason why Q3 was in steroids will directly impact Q4 because that's what's going on.
Doug Anmuth: Got it. Very helpful. Thanks for the clarity there.
Operator: And that concludes the Q&A session. I will now turn the call back to A - Glenn Fogel for closing remarks.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. So, in closing, I want to repeat what I said at the close of last quarter's earnings call, and reiterate our strong belief that our industry's full recovery will be hastened by everyone who can get a vaccine, going out and getting it. We urge all people who are approved for and medically able to be vaccinated, to do their part, to make our society safer.  And we urge all who were advised to get a booster, to go get one. And as always, I want to thank our partners, our customers, our dedicated employees and our shareholders. We appreciate your support as we continue to build on the long-term vision for our Company. Thank you and please be safe. Goodnight.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-04 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Booking Holdings Second Quarter 2021 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical facts are intended by -- are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings' actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statement at the end of the Booking Holdings' earnings press release, as well as Booking Holdings' most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings' earnings press release together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings' website, www.bookingholdings.com. And now, I would like to introduce Booking Holdings first speaker for this afternoon, Mr. Glenn Fogel. You may begin your conference.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you and welcome to Booking Holdings second quarter conference call. I'm joined this afternoon by our CFO, David Goulden. I’m encouraged by another quarter of meaningful improvement in our accommodations business with Q2 room nights up sequentially 59% versus Q1. This compares very favorably to our pre-pandemic historical pattern of a slight decline in Q2 room nights versus Q1. Compared with 2019, Q2 room nights were down 26%, which was significantly better than the 43% decline we previously reported for the month of April and a 54% decline in Q1. The acceleration in the second quarter was primarily driven by domestic and international booking trends in Europe, following a ramp up in vaccination rates and the relaxation of many travel restrictions in the region. Good growth of international bookings in Europe was mainly from bookings within the European region. The very strong room night growth in the United States that we saw in April and highlighted on our last earnings call continued in May and June, resulting in very strong US room night growth for the full quarter versus Q2 2019. David will provide additional details on our second quarter results in his remarks. We are, of course, closely monitoring the impact of the Delta variant on the rising COVID case counts around the world as well as some newly imposed travel restrictions, which have led to a modest pullback in our booking trends in the month of July relative to June. However, the July booking trends were improved from our full Q2 results. While the rise of the Delta variant demonstrates the volatility and uncertainty around the exact timing and shape of the recovery for travel, we remain confident that we will eventually see a strong recovery in travel demand globally. The sharp return to growth initially in the U.S and then in the European markets that we have witnessed this year shows us clearly that leisure travelers are eager to get back to booking trips on our platform when restrictions are lifted and customers are able to travel. We expect to be much closer to our 2019 revenue levels in Q3 than we were in Q2, driven by the strong booking improvements we have seen in the last few months. As we’ve done throughout the pandemic, we will continue to build on the strengths of our poor accommodation business and support its long-term growth. The strength of our core business comes from the flywheel effect we get from our two sided marketplace where we drive benefits to our traveler customers and our supply partners alike. For our customers, we strive to deliver the best choice of accommodations offer the most value and provide the easiest booking experience, all backed by excellent customer service and support. By addressing these critical needs of choice, value and ease, we create a superior booking experience and strengthen the relationships with our customers. I'm pleased to report that at Booking.com we are seeing pre-pandemic customers coming back to us to book their trips, while also attracting new customers. And the current mix of prior and new customers is not significantly different than prior to the pandemic. One of the ways we drive value to our large customer base at Booking.com is through our Genius Loyalty program. This program provides discounts for Genius members at hundreds of thousands of properties on our platform, and also offers value and other benefits like complimentary breakfast, free room upgrades, and more recently, discounted airport taxes just to name a few. We will continue innovating and adding to the ways we provide value to our Genius customers who have historically had a higher repeat rate and a higher mix of direct bookings when compared to non-Genius customers. Our app is an important way we deliver an easier booking experience to our customers. Globally, in Q2, Booking.com was the number one downloaded OTA app according to a third-party research firm. In the U.S., in Q2, we were the most downloaded major OTA app as downloads of Booking.com app in the second quarter significantly increased sequentially. We also saw U.S app user in Q2 meaningfully surpassed the prior peak observed before the COVID pandemic. In the second quarter, we again saw a higher mix of our customers booking directly with us than in the comparable period in 2019. It is encouraging to see these gains even as we look for opportunities to lean into performance marketing channels, where we see attractive ROIs. We have a long history of effectively managing our performance marketing channels to bring bookers to our platform profitably. We plan to continue with this proven approach in the future. In addition, we're leveraging our marketing expertise and ROI focus as we test into other channels like social and digital media, as well as when we deploy promotional campaigns like our Back to Travel campaign, which we ran first in the U.S and then launched in the U.K and across Europe. We will continue to expand the diversity of our marketing and customer acquisition channels as we aim to drive incremental traffic to our platform and increase consumer awareness of our brands. While we will remain focused on our efforts to grow and retain our customer base, we believe we will continue to benefit from the secular tailwind of more people booking their trips online instead of offline. Historically, the accommodation industry has seen a steady increase in online share each year. And looking ahead, we believe this trend will continue for the foreseeable future. In April, McKinsey published a 24 country survey with results showing that across 11 major consumer facing industries, travel had the greatest percentage of customers that plan to increase their usage of digital channels after the pandemic. On the other side of our marketplace, we are focused on helping our supply partners reach a broader audience of potential customers. Our scale and global reach allows us to connect our supply partners with a significant amount of demand from around the world, demonstrated by the 845 million room nights booked across our platforms in 2019. In addition to being a large demand channel for our partners, we add value to our accommodation partners in other ways by providing customer service support for travelers in over 40 languages, localized partner service support teams, market intelligence and data, product innovations in response to new traveler trends and fraud liability shift and access to alternative payment methods for payment enabled transactions. With an alternative accommodation or independent hotel, or a large global hotel chain, we strive to be a valuable partner to all types of accommodations on our platform. In the second quarter, we saw the first sequential increase in the number of properties on Booking.com and the lowest number of properties coming off of our platform in the quarter since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. As of June 30, we had over 28 million reported listings on Booking.com, of which 6.6 million were for alternative accommodation properties. Within alternative accommodations in the U.S., Booking.com continue to add targeted new properties in the corner, and also saw encouraging share gains with some of our larger professional managers. While these are positive early developments, we recognize there is much work ahead to improve and grow our alternative accommodations product in the U.S market. Our alternative accommodations business in Europe was strong in the quarter and represented an increasing share of our European accommodations business. I want to move to our key strategic priorities of expanding Booking.com's payment platform and building the Connected Trip vision, both of which we believe will further enhance the strength of our core accommodation business and support its continued growth. On our integrated payment platform at Booking.com, we have made continued progress with increasing the adoption of payments by our supply partners in the U.S., including adding some major hotel chains in the second quarter. Around 24% of Booking.com's total gross bookings in Q2 were processed through its payment platform, which is up from about 22% for the full year 2020. We recently announced the organization of all of our payments initiatives and efforts into a new fintech unit at Booking.com. First, the fintech unit will be focused on enabling bookings core business to run better, faster and more efficiently for both customers and our supply partners. In addition, we recognize that we have opportunities to better monetize our overall transaction flows. In 2019, we did almost $100 billion of transaction value, and we believe setting up a separate fintech unit to better capitalize on these flows will benefit us in the long run. On our Connected Trip vision, I mentioned on our last earnings call that the development of the Connected Trip this year will be focused on enabling travelers to book the major elements of their trip in one place on Booking.com. The top priority of this -- on this front has been to scale up a robust flight platform on Booking.com, which will give us the ability to engage with flight bookers early in their travel journey, and allow us an opportunity to cross-sell our accommodation and other services to these bookers. Since our last earnings call, we have launched our flight product in six new markets, and now alive in 24 countries. In air tickets booked through bookings flight offering have continued to meaningfully exceed our expectations. However, these still represented a small portion of our total reported air tickets, which were up 120% in Q2 versus Q2 2019, primarily this is driven by Priceline. While it remains early days for Booking's flight product, we are seeing positive data indicating we are getting entirely new customers for Booking.com. In addition, we are seeing an encouraging attach rate of a combination bookings from these new customers. These early data points help demonstrate that our flight offering creates a new funnel to bring incremental customers to the platform, and then cross-sell an accommodation to these new customers. We expect to continue to build on the early success we are seeing with flight at Booking.com. In conclusion, I am encouraged by the signs of recovery we are seeing in some parts of the world. And I'm confident that we will eventually see a strong recovery in travel demand globally. We continue with our most important work to strengthen our company's position and execute against our strategic priorities. And our teams are working hard to support the strong summer travel season this year in North America and Europe. As I said before, we are thinking about our business beyond just getting back to 2019 levels of demand. And we are focused on building a larger and faster growing business to generate more earnings after the full recovery and for the long run. I will now turn the call over to our CFO, David Goulden. David?
David Goulden: Thank you, Glenn, and good afternoon. I'll review our operating results for the second quarter and provide some color on trends we've seen so far in the third quarter. To avoid comparison to pandemic impacted periods in 2020, all growth rates will be relative to comparable period in 2019 unless otherwise indicated. Information regarding reconciliation of non-GAAP results to GAAP results can be found in our earnings release. Now on to our results for the second quarter. On our last earnings call, we discussed the improvement in trends in Q1 which continued into April, driven by strong results in the U.S and improvements in Europe. On the earnings call, we saw the overall improvements in our trends accelerate in May and continue to get better in June, which resulted in our Q2 reported room nights declining 26% versus Q2 2019, which was significantly ahead of the 54% decline in Q1, a 43% decline we saw in April and our expectations in May. The improvement in Q2 room nights growth rate versus Q1 was driven by Europe and the U.S as well as better results in rest of world. Europe showed the greatest level of recovery in the quarter and actually achieved slight room night growth versus 2019 in June. Booking trends in Europe clearly benefited from a notable improvement in vaccination rates, as well as loosening travel restrictions. The U.S was again the strongest performing major country in Q2, and have very strong room night growth versus 2019 for the full quarter. Asia partially offset improvements in other regions with greater room night declines in Q2 than in Q1, due to the increase in COVID outbreaks with related travel restrictions. In the month of June, our room nights were down 13% and our monthly active unique customer accounts at Booking.com reached about 90% of the level we saw in June 2019. As Glenn mentioned, we are pleased to see the solid rebound in our customer base of Booking.com as well as a healthy mix of new customers, which is only a little lower than the mix of new customers in Q2 2019. Mobile bookings, particularly through our apps, represented over 60% of our total room nights. Our app continues to represent an increased percentage of our mobile bookings. Our direct channel increased as a percentage of room nights year-on-year and relative to Q2 2019. Domestic room nights grew in the mid teens in Q2, while international room nights remained down significantly versus 2019, we saw a sequential improvement in our international bookings resulting in the international mix of our room nights increasing to about 25% in Q2 from about 15% in Q1. Our cancellation rates improved from Q1 and were in line with Q2 2019 levels in the quarter. The percentage of our Q2 2021 bookings made with flexible cancellation policies remain significant higher than in Q2 2019. The booking window Booking.com remained shorter than it was in the second quarter of 2019 as we continue to see a higher mix of near-term bookings. However, the booking window contract is less than it did in the prior three quarters. The mix of alternative accommodation room nights on Booking.com in Q2 was 32%, which is three points higher than Q1. In June, our alternative accommodation room night growth was flat versus June 2019, the first time we've reached 2019 levels for this segment since the start of COVID. The sequential improvement from Q1 to Q2 was due primarily to the overall improvements in room night growth in Europe in the quarter. As we noted, last quarter, Europe is where we have our highest mix of alternative accommodations. Within Europe, our mix of alternative accommodation remained about the same as Q1, this represents a continued increase from 2019 to 2020 and in to2021. Gross bookings declined 12% in Q2, which is less than the decline in reported room nights, due to an increase in average day rates for accommodations of a 11% versus 2019 on a constant currency basis, and also due to a few points of changes in FX rates and strong performance in our flights business. Our accommodation constant currency ADR benefited by about 7% from an increased mix of business in North America, which is the high ADR region and a decrease of mix of business in Asia, which is a lower ADR region. Excluding regional mix effects, constant currency ADR was up approximately 4%, driven mainly by rate increases in North America and in Europe. The increase in North America were driven by high levels of demand for beach oriented leisure destinations. And in Europe were driven by a higher mix of summer bookings which have higher ADRs. Airline tickets booked in the second quarter were up 120% versus 2019, driven by strong growth of Priceline and by flight bookings of Booking.com and Agoda, neither of which have flight products in Q2 2019. We are encouraged to see another record breaking quarter for air tickets booked for our flights business, which is a key component of a multiproduct Connected Trip strategy. Consolidated revenue for the second quarter was $2.2 billion and decreased 44% versus 2019, which is better than our expectations. Revenue in the quarter declined meaningfully more than gross bookings due to bookings made in the quarter that are expected to check-in in future quarters at which point the revenue will be recognized. Take rates in Q2 were about 10%, largely driven by these timing differences. As you will recall, we discussed the impact of timing on take rates in Q1, Q2 and for the full year during our last call. We continue to expect these timing factors to impact full year take rates, although the second half of the year will be less notably impacted than the first half of the year. Removing the impact of timing, our take rates on accommodation bookings in Q2 were stable versus Q2 2019. The better-than-expected top line performance resulted in adjusted EBITDA of $48 million in the second quarter, which came in better than our expectations. With the exception of Q3 last year, this is the first EBITDA positive quarter since the first wave of COVID. Marketing expense, which is a highly variable expense line decreased 29% versus 2019. Marketing expense declined more than gross bookings due to higher ROIs in the paid channels and the increase in our direct mix. Sales and other expenses in Q2 were significantly higher than they were in Q1 on a dollar basis. Sales and other expenses has a percentage of revenue in Q2 with better than our expectations due to lower-than-expected by debt and customer service related expenses. Personnel expenses in Q2 were higher than they were in Q1 on a dollar basis, primarily due to the $136 million expenses related to our decision to repay the government aid in the second quarter. Excluding this repayments, personnel expenses in Q2 would have been in line with our expectations. G&A and IT expenses were both higher in Q2 than it were in Q1 on a dollar basis, and we're in line with our expectations. We recorded a non-GAAP loss of $105 million in the quarter. On a GAAP basis, we have an operating loss of $56 million in Q2. We recorded a GAAP net loss of $167 million in the quarter, which includes income tax expense of $146 million. On a GAAP and non-GAAP basis, in Q2, we recorded a tax expense on a pre-tax loss due to higher earnings expectations for the full year relative to our expectations for Q1. For the full year, we expect on GAAP and non-GAAP tax rate to be slightly higher than in 2019. Now onto our cash and liquidity position. Our Q2 ending cash and investment balance of $16.1 billion was down versus our Q1 ending balance of $16.4 billion. However, our Q1 ending balance benefited from the timing of the $2 billion raised in our euro bond offering which we completed in March and the subsequent redemption of the two higher coupon senior notes occurring in April. Adjusting our Q1 ending cash balance for the redemption of the two notes that happened in April would have resulted in an adjusted Q1 cash balance of $14.4 billion. Our Q2 ending balance was higher than this adjusted Q1 balance primarily due to operating cash flow of $1.2 billion and a $0.5 billion unrealized gain on long-term investments. $0.2 billion of operating cash flow in the quarter was driven almost entirely by change in working capital. Change in working capital represented source of cash of $1.2 billion in the quarter due to the increase in our deferred merchant bookings and other current liabilities, partially offset by the increase in our accounts receivable. We will continue to focus on maintaining a strong liquidity position given the continued uncertainty created by the COVID pandemic. Of the $16.1 billion of cash and investments at the end of Q2, $4.3 billion was related to our long-term strategic investments, and $11.7 billion was cash and short-term investments. We ended the quarter with about $12.3 billion in debt, which is about $3.6 billion higher than our pre-pandemic levels. We have a 1 billion convertible note maturing in Q3. While return of capital to shareholders will be an important component of our value creation strategy in the future, we remain on pause and we will wait to reinitiate and so we believe each of our three major regions is beyond the risk of a significant reversal in trends due to COVID. We're not there yet, given the current trends we're seeing in Asia and with our current close watch on how things are developing in Europe. Now on to our thoughts for the third quarter. With the recent rising case counts driven by Delta -- by the Delta variant in many countries, some governments around the world have responded with new travel and leisure restrictions as well as some stricter vaccination and testing requirements for tourists. However, there are indications that hospitalization rates are lagging the recent increases in case counts, particularly in countries with high vaccination rates, which could be an important factor in how governments plan their responses to the recent increase in COVID cases. We're closely watching the U.K where the vaccination rate is high, and the government's move forward with relaxing travel restrictions despite rising case counts in the country, which are among the highest in Europe. We are encouraged by the recent decline in new case counts and by the continued low level of hospitalizations in the U.K compared with other outbreaks. We saw booking trends improved in the U.K in July, leading up to an after travel restrictions lifted on July 8 -- on July 19.  Our July room nights declined about 22% versus 2019, which was a modest pullback from the 13% decline in June, family just softening booking trends in Europe. Looking within Europe, we saw a reduction to room nights in July across several of our key countries including Germany, France and Italy. But despite the recent pullback in these countries at the end of July, we had a high amount of gross bookings on the books for the remaining summer period in Europe than we did this same point in time in 2019. Outside of Europe, the U.S continued to have very strong room night growth in July, although modestly below Q2 levels. While Asia and rest of world room night declined for about the same in July as it were in June. Asia continues to be the least recovered region in July and continues to be down significantly from 2019 levels. The changing growth rates from June to July were similar for domestic and international room nights with domestic remaining positive and international room nights remaining down significantly versus 2019. Given the recent additional uncertainty around COVID, driven primarily by the Delta variant, it's difficult to predict exactly how room nights in August and September will compare with a 22% reduction we saw in July. Turning to the income statement. We expect Q3 gross bookings to decline several points less than room nights, driven by expected improvements in reported areas and my flight bookings. We expect that the Q3 revenue decline will significantly improve from Q2 reflecting the strong improvement in bookings in the last few months. I just mentioned we have more gross bookings for the summer than at this time in 2019 for Europe. The same is also true for North America. We expect our Q3 revenue as a percentage of gross bookings will increase meaningfully from Q2 due to the high concentration of checkings expected in the third quarter and will be about in line with Q3 2019. As a reminder, the exact relationship between revenue and gross bookings in Q3 will be impacted by how our bookings trend in August and September. We expect marketing expenses in Q3 will decline several points less than gross bookings, as we expect to invest in capturing demand and increasing awareness during the peak travel season and ahead of the continued global recovery of travel demand. We expect sales and other expenses in Q3 to be up significantly versus Q2 on dollar basis due to higher gross booking volumes in the third quarter as well as a mix -- as well as an increase in the mix of gross bookings process on a merchant basis. However, we expect sales and other as a percentage of revenue in Q3 will be a bit lower than in future. We expect our more fixed expense categories in Q3 in aggregate to be about in line with Q2 on a $1 basis. We expect Q3 EBITDA will be the highest since Q3 2019. In conclusion, we have pleased with our better-than-expected results in Q2, which benefited from a recurring travel demand, and also reflects the strong fundamentals of our business, a good execution by our teams. We remain confidence in the eventual full recovery of travel demand globally, and we're looking forward to a strong summer travel season this year in North America and Europe. We will continue to respond to invest in our business to ensure we're well-positioned for the full recovery of travel, and for building a larger and faster growing business generates more earnings than prior to the pandemic. We'll now take your questions. Maria, if you could open the lines for questions, please.
Operator: Okay. [Operator Instructions] And your first question will come from the line of Kevin Kopelman from Cowen. Your line is open.
Kevin Kopelman: Great. Thanks a lot. Could you talk more about key drivers of your competitive share gains that look like you're seeing in the U.S. And would you say growth in U.S over the past few months has been driven more by traditional hotel or more by alternative accommodation? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: So Kevin, why don't I take a little of this and let David add anything that he thinks I didn't put in that I should have said. So we are very pleased with the strong results that we're seeing in the U.S and that is a result of a lot of hard work by our team. A lot of it is just the blocking and tackling and making sure that we're getting the right inventory, the right price to the right marketing, presenting the right offer to the customer at the right time. And doing a bunch of things that we've been doing for so long in terms of improving conversion, a lot of AB testing, all the things we've always done, blocking and tackling. There's no silver bullet. There's no sense oh, this is the magic key to unlock extra demand in the U.S. It's just a lot of very good work. Now in terms of alternative accommodations, talked a little bit about how we're pleased to getting more inventory there. We're faced with gaining some share with some of our professional managers that's going well. But overall, it's everything that we do to improve our business provide a better service to both sides of that marketplace, both the customers given a paid offer and working with all of our suppliers from the biggest international chains to the small alternative accommodation and everything in between to make sure we're providing them with the demand they need to make their business successful. David anything specific you want to answer that?
David Goulden: Oh, Glenn, I think you said it well, Just in response to your last part of the question, Kevin, as we said, our business in the U.S is more heavily mix to hotels alternatives than our global average. So therefore the growth rate has to be driven by both. We don't have levels of growth that we're seeing without seeing strong growth in the hotel business.
Kevin Kopelman: Yes, understood. Thanks, Glenn and thanks, David.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Mario Lu from Barclays. Your line is open.
Mario Lu: Great, thanks for taking the question. As to on alternative accommodation, so I believe you mentioned you're gaining share on the manage properties globally. So can you provide some color onto what drove this share gain? Whether it was just mostly geo based, or specific actions that you guys made on your end? And then really, if you could share what percentage at the 6.6 million listings are actually managed properties versus by individual? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: I got a little backwards on that. So we don't disclose the breakdown of all the different categories of our alternative accommodations, how many are professionally managed, how many are single property owners and everything in between. I have said in the past and I'll repeat it that one of the areas that we do need to add more to is these single property owners. So we know that is an area that we need to focus on. In regards to your other questions about how we're doing adding care, I think we spoke a little bit about that. When I did the prepared remarks and when I just said now is a lot of this is just working hard with people are the property owners or the managers, people who have inventory that want to get it filled. It's a wonderful thing in this business that everybody knows an empty bed at night at zero revenue, you fill that bed, and you get an incredible margin on and they want to fill up their property. So we're there to make sure that they know we're there to help fill that into all things I mentioned before making sure that we can bring in that demand. I'll leave David, anything you want to disclose to them that is any different, I'm not sure if there's anything further to that.
David Goulden: No, no additional data points on the mix of 6.6 million. What I just clarify, Mario, is that the comment that Glenn made about gaining share gains with a larger professional manager that's really related to how we're doing in the U.S. Now the specific U.S., like he point I'm not saying that's not the case worldwide. I'm just saying that if you remember, Australia's really get a lot of additional properties in the U.S with the target, more of the pressure managers where there's a lot of high quality supply available through those managers again, single property owner own properties that are available via managers. So the content we were making was there relative to what we're doing in the U.S.
Mario Lu: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question will come from Naved Khan from Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Naved Khan: Yes. Thanks a lot. A couple of questions. I think -- David, I think I heard you say marketing efficiency was higher versus 2019, and I did some rough math off of the bookings number. It does look -- it was higher in the last quarters. Can you just maybe talk about what are the drivers of efficiency in marketing? And then maybe one for Glenn. Maybe -- can you just talk about some reports of maybe flash deals being tested on the site maybe later this year? And what kind of interest you might be seeing from hotels in terms of participation?
Glenn Fogel: So, David, do you want to take that first one?
David Goulden: Yes, let me talk a little bit about marketing, what was going on. I think I understood the question. But basically what you see was in Q2 our marketing expense as a decline of our gross bookings, which is the way to look at it. Because if you look at it versus revenue, you’ve got all the different books to say timing things in there. So look at some potential of our gross bookings. That ratio improved in the second quarter. So definitely, our marketing expenses declined more than our gross bookings did. Two factors, we do see higher ROIs across many of our paid channels that we store a couple years ago, but we also saw a nice increase in mixed awards direct as well. So the more you have direct mix analysis, then the less we're paying for marketing to attract those new customers. So I'd say, nothing particularly unique to fall out and that’s the marketing environment that’s still, I would say, isn't fully stable yet clearly. We are still going through a stage of recovery in the industry. So not all factors are directly comparable with where we were with 2019. But we were pleased to see that the ROI improved. Now bear in mind what I said about the Q3 implies that the opposite is likely to happen in Q3. Obviously, we're only a month into Q3. But we asked if we got a marketing spend in Q3 it is, historically the core, where we spend the most is the peak season. We want to recap the demand, the customers that are out there will also be increasing our spend -- brand spend in Q3 relative to Q2. So that's one of the contributors to essentially what will be some deleveraging marketing spend relative to gross bookings in Q3. So we'll see how the quarter develops, because that's what we expect to happen in the third quarter. But in the first two quarters, we did see that there is an ROI, helping us create some leverage on the marketing line.
Glenn Fogel: And regarding your question about flash deals, if you read the same article that I did, I think there was something in there about there was no official response from Booking. So let me say that I have nothing to say specifically about this, but let me reemphasize that we are putting a lot of effort into working cooperatively with our supply partners to get the incremental demand through all different ways. Being a better merchandiser and providing more value to both sides of the marketplace, is where we're going.
Naved Khan: Understood. Thank you, both.
Operator: And your next question will come from Deepak Mathivanan from Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Deepak Mathivanan: Great. Thanks, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask a little bit about your experimentation with a more diversified marketing strategy. Historically, performance marketing has been the one that worked the best for the space. How should we think about your approach with some of the other channels? Are there specific kind of objectives that you look for kind of gravel comes back to leverage into those channels. And then the second question, kind of related to that, but how should we think about your market share during this time? I know it's sort of still early and there's not a lot of data points yet, but any color that you can provide on how your market share is trending in some of the markets where travel is recovering, that'd be great. Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: So regarding diversifying our marketing efforts, you are absolutely correctly, we built this company on doing a great, great job with performance marketing channels. So we know that. But what a lot of people don't know is that Priceline.com was very, very successful in its early days in brand marketing. And of course, we Booking.com, we brought the U.S., we have lots of brand marketing. The key thing in any type of marketing program is making sure that you're getting the ROI that you want to get. And we are going to continue to do that. I mentioned in my prepared remarks about how we are looking at new channels, like social channels, you've seen, I hope, some of the things that we've been putting out, we're going to continue to experiment and do all different ways to make sure we are reaching out for every pocket of demand. But we always do it with the knowledge that it's going to be cost effective. It's going to produce in the long run, because it takes longer for brand to actually produce results. So we recognize that, but in the long run, it's got to produce the results that we want. And we're going to keep on doing that. And I believe -- I really believe that in the long run, we will have many different ways that we're going to bring in marketing. One of the key things though, before you start spending a huge amount on a brand marketing campaign is making sure that you have the product the way you want it. And that's one of the things that we are keen to do and perhaps the alternative accommodations area is really working to make sure in the U.S., for example, that we've got that product the way we wanted. In regards to market shares, we're very pleased with how we're doing right now. I haven't seen results from some of our competitors. And I'm not really going to go down country by country in terms of what our shares are. But I am pleased with the results that we're achieving. I will let David say, if he wants to give any specificity.
David Goulden: Glenn, I think you said well. We are pleased, we'll have to wait and see when the dust settles. I think market shares, better measure over the course of a year than a quarter or two quarters we're only two quarters into the year. But we're pleased with things with how things are going. Our growth rates relative to what we see happening out there. But we'll count that -- we will count that and talk about if we can more at the end of the year when we got some more concrete data on how the market actually developed.
Deepak Mathivanan: Okay, thank you so much.
Operator: And your next question will come from the line of Justin Post from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Justin Post: Great. A couple questions, I guess first, David, can you revisit your comment about July traveler bookings being better than summer of '19? And what that means for revenues in the third quarter? Any thoughts on that? And maybe, Glenn, you -- I think you said June was back to 13% from 2019. How does that make you feel about the confidence of a full travel recovery? And then when we do recover, maybe any high level thoughts on, could your market share be higher? Could your margins be higher than '19? Any new thoughts you have on either of those items would be really helpful? Thanks a lot.
Glenn Fogel: All right [indiscernible].
David Goulden: Yes, well, I'll start with just to kind of make sure that what we're saying. So to recalibrate or restate what we said, we have more gross bookings for the summer, for the remaining summer, then at the same time, in 2019, same time, I enjoyed 2019. Now we have that same time for Europe and North America. So assuming that cancellation rate stays the same, then that would potentially result in more revenue in those markets for the summer months for the remaining summer month. I did notice -- I did also point out that we will have -- that we have a high percentage of cancelable bookings out there or refundable bookings out there that we had at the same time in 2019 as well. So there's obviously some risks that more of those bookings cancelled than they were done in the same period of time. So it means basically that potential revenue base for the summer is higher now in those two markets than it was in 2019. Now, obviously, to offset that is what's happening in Europe -- sorry in Asia and what's happening in rest of world. We don't have a situation, the revenue or the bookings on the books, which will be potential revenue in those markets are substantially below where they were at the same time at the end of July in 2019.
Glenn Fogel: Just I would say that nobody knows when this full recovery is going to happen. And I think everybody is able to throw a dart, but it's really throwing darts. Given all the variations that are happening, these new variants come out, we've seen the impact, there. The thing that I continue to say is how much we are very confident, I think everybody is that this will end at some point and we will come out of it strongly. Now, we've talked about this a bit in the past about how we want to come out of this, we want to have a bigger business, making more EBITDA, growing faster. But we've also talked a bit about margins, where we have a committee and we want to be a leader in the industry -- the leader in the industry. In terms of our margin, or EBITDA margin, but we recognize that a lot of things that we're doing nowadays can actually end up with a lower margin, obviously, air for example. I mean, it's wonderful when we say 120% increase over 2019 in air tickets, that’s wonderful. But we all know, those margins are nowhere near what they are in the accommodation business, and I can go on at different examples. The key thing for us and for our shareholders, I believe, is coming back with more EBITDA doubts and contain to grow that fit our business, so there's more of that. That's the way we're looking at it.
Justin Post: Great, thank you.
Operator: And your next question will come from Doug Anmuth from J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Dae Lee: Hi, this is Dae Lee on for Doug. Thanks for taking the questions. One for Glenn. In your prepared remark you talked about better monetize the transaction flow and that's one of the drivers that led to the creation of this fintech. So just curious what’s the opportunity that you're seeing there? Is this something that will affect user experience as well or more focused on the back end? And then second one for David, a follow-up question, on the sales and marketing ROI. You guys had called out higher ROIs last quarter and again this quarter. So I was curious if this is a result of something that you're doing differently, or is this just more on the outcome due to the competitive dynamic on the performance advertising channels?
Glenn Fogel: So in terms of the fintech unit, there are many opportunities for us with a flow in 2019 a $100 billion worth of transaction flowing through there. We know that there are ways that we can save money for the consumers and the suppliers on both sides. And we can make good money on it too in the long run. So it's coming up with things like providing better FX tool. It's things for example, making sure that if somebody wants to pay an alternative payment method that we're able to provide that. It means making sure that we can do a better job with different types of regulations in terms of making sure that any type of transaction is not fraudulent. It's all sorts of things as a player in --- at scale, we can do things that many, many, many other partners with our partners could not do. And it's also providing conveniences to our customers who want it. But our suppliers can't do it on their own. And there are lots of different things that we can do. Even things as simple as our fintech unit setting something up, like our E-wallet, electronic wallet, that enables us to easily provide value to that customer, which can come from a supplier or it can be something that we're promoting ourselves, all different things. So what I see is not only the basics that we need to make our Connecting Trip work, which of course you have to have that if you want to create a Connected Trip with a single price point that one person pays one amount, but it's all the other types of things that we can provide that others really can't do on their own right now.
David Goulden: Yes, and then on the second quarter ROIs, our playbook really has not changed. And our strategy and performance marketing channels have not changed. We continue to seek high quality traffic at the right price. And to us, high quality means high converting traffic, lower probability cancellation, which was recalculate a high probability of those coming back to us on a daily basis. And those are things that kind of go into our bidding strategy plus all the damage that occurred in each of those marketplaces. So we expect there'll be ROI volatility throughout the recovery. Of course, we also look at what the developer demand is and when there are time to get leading versus leading more. We are certainly looking at this as an opportunity to win customers onto our platform and get new customers and we mentioned a very healthy mix of new customers on -- in the business quite similar to nature as it was in feature '19. So we're pleased with how things are going. We like the way that we're bringing back existing customers. We like the way we're winning new customers. We are pleased to see the existing customers come back generally much more directly than the new customers, which you expect as part of the playbook. So I'd say many factors go into those ROI calculations, including cost per click conversion rates, cancellation rates, and we're still in a period of relatively high volatility in each of those compared to where we were in 2019.
Dae Lee: Got it. Thank you both.
Operator: And your next question will come from Brian Nowak from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Alaxandar Wang: Hi, this is Alex Wong on for Brian. Thanks for taking the question. Two questions. One, I think you mentioned that your monthly traffic on Booking.com is backed about 90% of pre-pandemic, which is encouraging, particularly some of the headwinds, you're calling out in Asia. Just curious if we're able to segment out any differences in behavior on that new versus existing cohort and going forward any strategies to sort of grow those bases separately? Second question around air, like sounds like there's a lot of momentum there. Just curious on your views on some of the remaining execution hurdles you see for that initiative, and any plans to sort of grow consumer awareness for the new air product.
Glenn Fogel: So I'll take the air first and we'll see what David wants to say or not say about breakup of our customer base. So, air, obviously, Priceline has been doing it forever, since the company started, but in the U.S only. And Booking.com only got going this very, very recently and I mentioned 24 countries nice, but that's a lot of countries that we haven't touched yet that has to be done. And there's so many things that need to be done to really prove the air part of it Booking.com, I'm not going to list them all. But I see a lot of ways we can make that even better than it is. And that's a little bit while we haven't done any real large marketing effort on the air side yet. We got to have to talk a little bit before we start really marketing. So make sure you got the product the way you want it. So it's so encouraging that we're doing well with it right now, even though I see a lot of things that still need to be done to improve that product. It's something that we're really pleased with is seeing the attachment rate again, and something that we obviously the reason they want to do this is not just to sell a flight ticket is to actually get some of those higher margin those accommodations and build out that Connected Trip. So it's nice to see at a very early stage. And I urge you to say, listen, Kevin, I think very early stage, we're seeing good results. So I do see a lot of opportunity here in the future. But we won't be bringing out any sort of marketing on it until I feel that we have the product where we want it to be. And David, I don’t know if you want to talk about the other one.
David Goulden: Yes, there's a lot more to say. I think we wanted to help, we will give you some data points to understand how our active customers by people are actually actively booking on the site have recovered. And the mix -- a healthy mix of new customers only slightly below what we saw in Q2 '19. I think those are good signs. So I don't want to get into the segmentation with our customers. Obviously, there are some customers who book very often, some customers took book wise much and we love them all. But we will make sure we can treat them differently. And I say that's part of the reason why we have a Genius program. Of course, the more often you work with us or book for us on Booking.com I move up the Genius ladder and you get more benefits from the Genius program, which is I think a nice way of driving loyalty. So other than the data points we've given out before, which we thought would just be helpful, stating the grounds people understand what's going on within the business. I don't want to get into a further details.
Alaxandar Wang: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question will come from Mark Mahaney from Evercore. Your line is open.
Mark Mahaney: Hey, thanks. I guess, I'll just follow-up on the -- keep sticking with the air and I guess learnings to date and talk about this is -- is this a new customer acquisition tool? Is this a cross-sell product? You notice greater engagement with the people in those 24 markets were you brought to that with booking. This has increased the overall spend, frequency of purchase. Well, what have you seen so far, and maybe it's all too early. So I guess if you're going to respond that way, then I'll ask when do you think you'll have a decent read and to what impact if any permanent -- if it's had a permanent impact on your Booking com customer base? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: Hi, Mark. So [indiscernible] just on what you said like too early, but I will add a little bit more -- I will add a little more to that. In a sense, I'm very pleased because we haven't been out really marking this yet. new customers are coming to the site, and then we're seeing them get a attractive cross-sell that I really like seeing that as a sign that this is the right direction that we're going in now. I had a good sense that was going to happen anyway, because we've been seeing that happen in Priceline for two decades where that's been happening. So I had good confidence that this would happen. But it's something that I believe we want to have a lot more data before we start coming back, U.S start showing you, here's what attachment rates are heroes, it compares to price lines, here's what we see versus industry and how many new people are coming from the air funnel versus the others, I would just leave everyone with the sense that we're very pleased. This is bringing us new customers, new customers who are buying not just flight tickets, but some of them are buying hotels, too. This is proving out a little bit of our long-term vision on this Connected Trip. Now, do I expect that to happen with something like activities? No, I'm not really think a lot of people are going to come for an activity first, then they're going to buy a flight or then they're going to buy a hotel. It's -- that's going to be a lot more the other way and helping produce the loyalty and the repeat business that we talked about. And then goes into all the things I was talking about in terms of using a wallet so we can get credits. Now, different suppliers, be able to promote different offerings in different ways to different customers, all that spins together, increasing that flywheel. And that's what we're trying to achieve, and it's just so great to see it start happening right now, even though it's very early.
Mark Mahaney: Okay, thanks, Glenn.
Operator: And your next question will come from Vince Ciepiel from Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Vince Ciepiel: Great. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to talk a little bit about your perspective on leisure versus corporate. I believe you historically see about 80% of the business in leisure. So first there, some markets are running 15%, 20% ahead of '19 levels. And I'm curious your perspective on the long-term trend line within leisure and how COVID has changed that maybe people's ability to work remote. You mentioned more leisure business shifting online with that McKinsey study. But just curious how you think about leisure over the long run. And then the second part is on the corporate side, any early indications of recovery there and how you think that evolved through the second half of this year?
Glenn Fogel: Yes, let me give a generalities about what I think about leader versus business and the purpose general what I think is going to be happening in the future. And David, go back and talk about what we've disclosed in the past about the mix. So I think you're right, in the sense that we are much more leisure oriented, and much of our business travel is small business people, these are people who are doing their own travel, this is not part of the big travel management company operation. So it's a little bit differently when we have business travelers and they act somewhat similar to leisure sometimes. The fact is, we've all seen is that leisure is out of the gate much faster than any business travel, which makes perfect sense. Because on the one hand, you have business people who say there's a risk factor when you put people in travel, etcetera. There's also the issue of costs. Why have people travel? You don't have to,. That second part, I think is very key for the future of the business. I believe that there's still going to be resistance by CFOs, now the people who are cost conscious in their businesses about do we really have to have all the travel we did in the past? Maybe not. Because with these new technologies, what we seem to be pretty effective without having to send somebody from New York to London and $15,000 for a one day meeting. I think that's going to somewhat change how the business of travel is done. There'll be fewer people up front in the plane, and spending a lot of money in those very high cost five star hotels, etcetera, which will change things a little bit. For us, we're leisure so it's not going to impact us negatively so much. In fact, they help us because there's more availability that needs to get filled up. The other thing you mentioned, though, was the NCR plays out though, with more people being able to work-from-home and deciding [indiscernible], I think Friday, I'm going to work from somewhere else and have a Friday, Saturday, Sunday or Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, mini holiday somewhere working Thursday, Friday, but at different location. How much is that going to actually build more travel? Uncertain at this time since everybody is still shifting around? What the way to work in the future? How many days are we in offices? How many days are we not in office? Nobody knows the answer to that yet. It's going to take a long time to play out. But I do hope that we'll hopefully build out more travel, we like more travel. So there's a lot of uncertainty about this and nobody really knows And even as much as I've heard the encouraging signs from some of the suppliers to some of the airlines, I saw a Deloitte report came out a couple of days ago, maybe yesterday in which the expectation of corporate travel was not as optimistic in the near-term. So I think we'd have to say, we don't know, we'll find out as it rolls out. And David, I don’t know if you want to give anything more than that in terms of the numbers for us in business trial, because I heard a now where he quoted, I'm not sure those are right or not.
David Goulden: No the number. First of all we have given recently, but we're over 88% leisure. And as we said, our business, first of all, it's a self declared metric when you make a booking, so it's hard to be precise about it. But the type of business travel we do have is much more unknown business travelers, Glenn explained. So we're heavily biased towards that larger segments.
Vince Ciepiel: Thank you.
Operator: And our last question will come from Jed Kelly from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Jed Kelly: Great, great. Thanks for taking my question. Two, if I may. Just as you sort of you mentioned earlier in your prepared remarks that you're gaining share with professional property managers. Can you sort of talk about like your supply strategy, heading into this winter in the U.S., trying to increase that single unit inventory? And then, can you give us an update just on how APAC is trending, particularly with the Gouda. Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: So I will let David talk what you say about Asia in general. And regarding this year, I just want to be a little careful. We said we were pleased with that we are doing better, we're gaining. We're gaining share with the professional managers. And I like what we're seeing there. It's going to be a long haul in terms of building out the U.S inventory for all types of alternative accommodations, whether it be professionally managed, getting as many as you want there or single property is going to be a while to get to where we want to be in that. I understand that this is a goal that we're working on hard by having boots on the ground, talking to managers, sending out the right information, getting people to understand why we have a great proposition for them. And I'm confident we're going to do that. When you look at what we've achieved in Europe, you look at the share of our alternative accommodations in Europe, you say, boy, that's a goal to have in the U.S., too. We should be pushing for that. There's no reason we should. Customers are similar. The proposition is similar. There's nothing that we shouldn't be -- the reason we shouldn't be able to achieve that over time. But it's going to take time. David, I don’t know if you want to talk about Asia a little bit there?
David Goulden: Yes, so Asia, APAC, I mentioned that the room night growth was worse in Q2 than it was in Q1. So that really deteriorated to counteract some of the benefits and frankly, saw in the Europe and North America, of course, both puffy and Agoda cyber businesses in APAC, although clearly that's the majority of Agoda's. So the whole region is very depressed as you know. Vaccination rates are lagging in most parts of Asia. Also, response to COVID outbreaks tend to be more aggressive. And restrictions are put in place more quickly, based upon outbreaks in the Asia region across almost all countries. So travel level is very low, particularly in international travel levels exceptionally low, and still a long way to go. No recovery in Q2, in fact, worse in Q2, this Q1.
Jed Kelly: Thank you.
Operator: And that concludes our Q&A. I will turn the call over back to Glenn Fogel for closing remarks.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. So in closing, I want to reiterate our strong belief that our industry's full recovery will be hastened by everyone who can get a vaccine going out and getting it. We urge all people who are approved for a medically able to be vaccinated, to do their part to make our society safer and go out and get a vaccine. And as always, I want to thank our partners, our customers, our dedicated employees and our shareholders, we appreciate your support as we continue to build on the long-term vision for our company. Thank you and please be safe. Good night.
Operator: And that concludes our conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-06 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Booking Holdings First Quarter 2021 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical facts are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings' actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statement at the end of the Booking Holdings' earnings press release, as well as Booking Holdings' most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings' earnings press release together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings' website, www.bookingholdings.com. And now, I would like to introduce Booking Holdings speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and David Goulden. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. And welcome to Booking Holdings first quarter conference call. I'm joined this afternoon by our CFO, David Goulden.  I am pleased to start by reporting further improvement in our accommodations business, with first quarter room nights declining 54% versus Q1 2019, which was 6 percentage points better than our fourth quarter 2020 decline. This improvement was driven by solid signs of increasing travel demand in certain countries and by our team's strong execution. David will provide the details on our first quarter results in his remarks.  As we have said before, we believe that the rate of recovery for travel will depend heavily on the rate and severity of new COVID-19 cases, the timing of effective and broad-based vaccine distribution, and hopefully, even more effective treatments in the future.  While the pace of vaccine distribution remains frustratingly slow in most places around the world, Israel, the UK and the US are benefiting from successful vaccine distribution programs. In each of these countries, we have seen encouraging booking trends. We support our view that vaccine distribution is a key to unlocking pent up travel demand.  In our own survey work earlier in the year, we found that over 70% of Americans said that the early distribution stage of COVID-19 vaccines made them feel more hopeful and optimistic about traveling in 2021.  As countries ramp up vaccine distribution, which we are now starting to see in more European countries, we believe that we will start to see booking strength expand to more parts of the world.  While there are encouraging signs of recovery in some countries right now, the current situation in other countries such as India, where we are seeing staggering increases in COVID-19 cases and an enormous human tragedy happening reminds us that recovery is not underway everywhere. And unfortunately, in some countries, the situation is getting worse.  Last week, the World Health Organization warned that the pace of the pandemic is accelerating. We're mindful that governments may continue to take actions such as general area lockdowns or reintroducing travel restrictions, including barring people from high infection locations from entering the country. Any of these actions can have an impact on our performance, and it's difficult to predict when and to what extent such actions may be taken in the future.  Furthermore, international travel must recover for there to be a complete global travel recovery, and many governments may be cautious in fully opening international travel for some time.  Focusing on the US where the vaccination program is going well, I am very pleased with our first quarter results in the US and there's strong rebound in US travel demand. For Q1 in the US, we had positive room night growth versus Q1 2019 and it was our strongest performing major country. These results were driven by domestic bookings as our international business is still very slow.  We were pleased to see improvements in our US room night trends each month in Q1, and these improvements continued into April. The strength in the market benefited all of our travel products and helped drive the highest number of air tickets ever booked in a single quarter for our company. And we know that both Priceline and Booking.com had good US results during the first quarter.  In this improving environment, we continue to press ahead with one of our most important strategic strategies, strengthening the Booking.com brand in the US. You may have seen Booking.com US Back to Travel promotional campaign that we launched in April, which offered a $50 post-stay promotional travel credit for US travelers who activated the promotion in the Booking.com app and booked travel by the end of May.  This is just one example of the marketing methods that we will be employing to increase awareness of the Booking.com brand in the US. And in this case, drive further consumer engagement with our app.  We also remain focused on expanding the supply of Booking.com's alternative accommodation offering in the US and we targeted and signed new properties to the platform in the quarter. However, we recognize there's more work to be done to improve the breadth of this product in the US.  During the first quarter, we continued to execute against other key strategic priorities, such as expanding Booking.com's payment platform and building the Connected Trip vision.  Regarding our integrated payment platform at Booking.com, we've made recent progress primarily through increased adoption by our supply partners in the US. As I have mentioned previously, this platform provides payment options favored by both travelers and our supplier partners across hotels, alternative accommodations, cars, flights and attractions, and is foundational for enabling our Connected Trip strategy.  The Connected Trip is our vision of a multi-product offering including combinations, flight, ground transportation, attractions and dining, connected by our payment network, and ultimately supported by personalized intelligence to provide a frictionless, seamless experience for our bookers, all the way from first thinking about the initial booking to experiencing their trip to arriving back home.  Building out our full Connected Trips vision will be a multi-year endeavor. However, we expect that our business will benefit from the steps we are taking to achieve this vision long before reaching the ultimate end state.  For example, developing a robust flight product at Booking.com gives us the ability to engage with flight bookers early in their travel journey and allows us an opportunity to cross sell our accommodation and other services to these bookers. We have not had these opportunities historically at Booking.com, given its accommodation only focus in the past.  As we think about the journey for building the Connected Trip, this year, we'll be focused on enabling travelers to book the major elements of their trip in one place on Booking.com. This means we will be working to build up our economic combination products like flights, ground transportation and attractions by increasing supply, as well as exposing more of our customers to these products.  And Booking.com's flight offering, we are now live in 18 countries with the most recent launch in the UK. We can now expose a large segment of customers to flights as these 18 countries collectively represented more than half of Booking.com's room nights booked in 2019. Booking.com's flight offering is now fully native in the app. And while early, we are in the process of beginning to utilize marketing channels to bring potential customers to the product.  On attractions, we have continued to expand the breadth of supply available to our travelers through our recent partnership with Viator along with our ongoing partnership with Musement that was announced last year.  We see real benefits of a strong attractions offering given the potential bundling opportunities, as well as the ability to increase traveler engagement with the app while travelers are in destination.  Of course, many of our key strategic priorities – I mentioned the app, which indicates the importance of the app for our business. We've been investing in the app platform for some time, and will continue to invest as the app becomes the center of our connected trip experience.  In addition, we see better customer loyalty, lower customer acquisition costs, and more opportunities to engage directly with travelers through our app. Booking.com was the most downloaded travel app globally in the first quarter, according to a leading third party research firm. We now see over two-thirds of our bookings come through the mobile devices, a majority of which are on the app. One of Booking Holdings' goals is to do well in the area of sustainability. I was very pleased to recently make public our 2020 sustainability report. And one achievement that I am particularly proud of is Booking Holdings becoming operationally carbon neutral in 2020. This is a significant milestone for our business, and one we were working towards even prior to the pandemic. We intend to remain carbon neutral in our operations in the future and look forward to making progress on our sustainability strategy, including diversity and inclusion and sustainable travel. In conclusion, the exact shape and timing of the full recovery for travel remains uncertain. However, I am encouraged by the signs of recovery we are seeing in some countries, and I'm confident that we will eventually see a strong recovery in travel demand globally.  That being said, we are likely to experience volatility between now and then, with some countries recovering well, others beginning to recover, and unfortunately, some getting worse.  I'm proud of the actions that our teams across Booking Holdings continue to take to strengthen our company's position and execute against our strategic priorities. We are thinking about our business beyond just getting back to 2019 levels of demand. We are focused on building a larger and faster growing business that generates more earnings into the recovery and for the long run.  I will now turn the call over to our CFO, David Goulden. 
David Goulden : Thank you, Glenn. And good afternoon. I'll review our operating results for the first quarter and provide some color on the trends we've seen so far in the second quarter. To avoid the comparison to the initial spread of the pandemic in 2020, all growth rates are relative to the comparable period in 2019, unless otherwise indicated.  Information regarding reconciliation of non-GAAP results to GAAP results can be found in our earnings release.  I also want to remind you that, during the period of bookings recovering, revenue will recover more slowly than bookings due to timing differences and this will impact our booking to revenue take rates.  Now on to our results for the first quarter. On our February earnings call, we discussed the improvements in trends we saw starting the middle of January and continuing into February, driven by domestic travel in most parts of the world.  The improvement in trends continued into March, resulting in our Q1 reported room night declining 54% versus Q1 2019, which was a 6% improvement versus the decline we reported in Q4. As a reminder, reported room night include the impact of cancellations.  The improvements in the Q1 room night decline rate versus Q4 is driven by the US and Europe, while Asia and rest of world declines were about the same in Q1 as they were in Q4.  The US was the strongest performing major country in Q1 and had a positive room night growth versus 2019 for the full quarter. The trends in the US improved through Q1, with very strong room night growth versus 2019 for the month of March. Spring Break was a contributor to growth in March. US domestic room night growth was positive for each month of the quarter, with very strong growth for the full quarter.  In Q1, other countries also experienced very strong domestic room night growth, including Russia and Australia. And we saw continued strengthening in domestic bookings in Israel.  While Europe improved for the full quarter compared with Q4, we did see trends soften towards the end of March, driven by rising COVID case counts and new impositions of travel restrictions. Europe was the least recovered region in terms of room nights booked in Q4 and it remained the least recovered region in Q1.  Mobile bookings, particularly through our apps, continue to represent over two-thirds of our total room nights. Our direct channel gained share both sequentially and year-on-year.  Domestic room nights represented about 85% of our reported room nights in Q1, in line with our Q4 2020 mix of room nights and up significantly versus 2019. Our cancellation rates continue to be elevated versus 2019 in the quarter, but improved from levels we saw in Q4.  The booking window of Booking.com remained shorter than it was in the first quarter 2019 as we continue to see a higher mix of near-term bookings. However, the booking window contracted less than it did in the fourth quarter.  As we noted on the last call in January in February, we saw expansion of the booking window versus 2019 in Western Europe. And this expansion continued into March as the share of further out bookings, including those of summer travel, increased versus the same time in 2019. Due to the situation in Europe with new COVID cases, vaccination rates and travel restrictions, bookings are generally either very near term or for the summer period. The overall mix of customers booking alternative accommodations on Booking.com in Q1 was about the same as Q1 last year. As we noted last quarter, Europe is where we have our highest mix of alternative accommodations and Europe was the slowest growing region in the first quarter, which negatively impacted our alternative accommodation mix on a global basis. The mix of alternative accommodation in bookings in Europe increased by several percentage points year-over-year.  Gross bookings declined 53% in Q1, which is less than the decline in reported room nights, primarily due to strong performance in our flights business and partially offset by a 1% decline in average daily rates for accommodations versus 2019.  Airline tickets booked in the first quarter were up 49% versus 2019, driven by strong growth of Priceline and by flight bookings of Booking.com and Agoda, both of which did not have flight products in Q1 2019.  Our accommodations' average day rates only declined 1% versus 2019, benefiting from a higher mix of North America, which is a higher ADR region. Excluding regional mix effects, ADRs were down approximately mid-single digits. ADRs in the quarter were helped by the higher mix of summer bookings in Western Europe, which typically have higher ADRs. Consolidated revenue for the first quarter was $1.1 billion and decreased 61% versus 2019. Revenue in the quarter declined more than gross bookings due to bookings made in the quarter that are expected to check in in future quarters, at which points in time to revenue will be recognized.  Take rates in Q1 were a little less than 10%, largely driven by these timing differences. As you'll recall, we discussed the impact of timing on take rates in 2020 and 2021 during our last call. We expect timing to impact take rates all year, assuming the booking growth continues to improve during the year.  The 61% reduction in revenue resulted in an adjusted EBITDA loss of $195 million in the quarter. We significantly reduced our variable expense lines, like marketing, sales and other, and while fixed expenses in Q1 were broadly in line with the commentary we provide our last call.  Marketing expense, which is a highly variable expense line, decreased 61% versus 2019. Marketing expenses declined more than gross bookings due to an increase in our direct mix and slightly higher ROIs in paid channels.  Sales and other expenses in Q1 will lower than they were in Q4 on a dollar basis, which was slightly better than our expectations. Personnel expenses were in line with our expectations. Q1 expenses were higher than they were in Q4 on a dollar basis due primarily to increased stock-based compensation expenses and seasonal increases in benefit costs, partially offset by a higher amount of savings in Q1 related to restriction actions we have taken.  G&A expenses were lower in Q1 than they were in Q4 on a dollar basis versus our expectation for them to be about in line due to lower-than-expected personnel-related costs and professional fees.  Information technology expenses were higher in Q1 than they were in Q4 on a dollar basis, but were lower than our expectations due to timing of spend.  Finally, we recorded $8 million restructuring charges in Q1, which was lower than our prior expectations primarily due to timing of real estate restructuring charges. I note, these restructuring charges are included in our non-GAAP results.  We recorded a non-GAAP net loss of $215 million in the quarter. Our Q1 non-GAAP tax rate of 38% was meaningfully higher than our 2019 tax rate of 19% due to the greater impacts of non-tax deductible expenses on a lower base of earnings.  On a GAAP basis, we had an operating loss of $311 million in Q1. We recorded a GAAP net loss of $55 million in the quarter, helped by an income tax benefit of $223 million. Our Q1 tax rate of 80% was meaningfully higher than our 2019 tax rate of 21% due to the impact of non-tax deductible expenses on a lower base of earnings and the impact of the discrete items recorded in the quarter.  Now, on to our cash and liquidity position. Our Q1 ending cash and investment balance of $16.4 billion benefited from the $2 billion raised in our euro bond offering completed in March.  In April, we used all the proceeds from the euro bond offering to redeem to higher coupon senior notes that we issued earlier in the pandemic last year. These refinancing actions we took will result in approximately $70 million in annualized interest rate expense savings and were NPV positive transactions. Adjusting our Q1 ending cash investments for the redemption of the two senior notes that happened in April will result in a balance of $14.4 billion, which is down from our December ending balance of $14.8 billion. We had a $207 million operating cash outflow in the quarter, driven primarily by change in working capital, which represented the use of cash about $216 million in the quarter.  We will continue to focus on maintaining a strong liquidity position, given the high level of uncertainty created by the COVID pandemic. And consistent with our clients over the last year, we halted our repurchases of our stock and will not initiate repurchases until we have better visibility into the shape and timing of a recovery.  Now on to our thoughts for the second quarter. There continues to be considerable uncertainty about the shape and timing of recovery for travel, which means that we're unable to provide detailed guidance at this time.  April room night declined about 43% versus 2019 which is better than the decline in March. Domestic room night growth was about flat versus 2019 for the month of April, the best monthly result for domestic room nights since last summer.  On a regional basis, the US continued to have very strong room night growth in April and was above March levels. Europe room nights declines were better in April than in March, recovering from a softening of trends we saw at the end of March and the first week of April. Room night declines in Europe were down over 50% in April.  Asia room night declines worsened in April versus March as outbreaks in new cases increased, vaccination progress has been slow, and governments continued to impose restrictions on travel. Asia was the least recovered region in April.  The rest of the world declines were about the same in April as we were in Q1 and Q4.  While difficult to predict with accuracy, if current trends continue, Q2 room night declines could be a few percentage points better than in April. To give you a snapshot of what we're seeing recently, room night declines over the last seven days of April were about 38%.  As I noted earlier, in Western Europe, the booking window expanded in Q1. This expansion continues into April, and we continue to see positive summer booking trends in Western Europe. Across all of Western Europe, gross bookings for the summer period are now within 30% of where we were at the same time in 2019. And for the UK, they're now at about the same level as we were at the same time in 2019. We remind you that the significant majority of summer bookings are cancelable.  Turning to the income statements, as I said, we expect Q2 room night declines could be a few percentage points better than the decline in April. We expect Q2 gross bookings decline slightly less than room nights, driven by the same trends we saw in the first quarter.  We expect Q2 revenue to decline more than gross bookings due to timing factors we have discuss. As a result, we expect our Q2 revenue, as a percentage of gross bookings, will improve from Q1, but will be a few percentage points lower than in Q2 of 2019.  We expect marketing expenses in Q2 will decline a little more than gross bookings, but less than revenue. We expect sales and other expenses in Q2 to be up significantly versus Q1 on a dollar basis and will be a higher percentage of revenue due to higher gross booking volumes in the second quarter, as well as an increase in the mix of gross bookings processed on a merchant basis.  We expect personnel expenses in Q2 will be about the same as they were in Q1 on a dollar basis. Compared with Q1, SBC and benefit expenses are expected to be less, but this is offset by an increase in bonus accruals, which are recorded proportional to revenue.  We expect G&A expenses in Q2 will be higher than Q1 on a dollar basis, driven by a higher personnel related costs such as recruiting and T&E as well as higher professional fees and digital service taxes.  We expect IT expenses in Q2 will be higher than Q1 on a dollar basis due to increased investments in security, data privacy, and some operational systems enhancements, including some deferred expenses from Q1. We currently estimate the full year restructuring charges related to our actions of Booking.com will be approximately $30 million and we expect to record about half of these charges in the second quarter.  Given what we just explained, especially the timing difference between recovery of bookings and revenue, we expect recording an EBITDA loss in Q2, albeit less than the loss we reported in Q1. Depending upon how demand develops during the quarter, this could potentially be a small EBITDA loss in Q2.  For full-year 2021, we continue to expect that the overall environment for travel will improve during the year, but the shape and timing of that improvement remains uncertain.  As Glenn mentioned in his remarks, while we're seeing recovery and other encouraging signs in some countries, other countries and regions are struggling with a rapidly growing COVID wave.  Globally, the number of new cases reported is increasing, with a record 5.7 million new cases recorded the week of April 19. This is directly impacting our business across much of Asia.  As a reminder about the [indiscernible] of our model during the recovery, we continue to expect that if we see continued recovery in 2021, there'll be more bookings made in 2021 that will check in in 2022 than there were bookings made in 2020 that checked in in 2021. This timing factor could have a meaningfully negative impact on our revenue as a percentage of gross bookings, and also drive de-leverage in our marketing expenses in 2021 as we incur the majority of our marketing expenses at the time of booking. To remind you, in 2018 and 2019, our revenue as a percentage of gross bookings was approximately 15.6%. This increased to 19.2% in 2020. We expect this percentage will be well below 15.6% in 2021. And the faster the recovery occurs, the lower this percentage will be.  Before closing, there's been a lot of interest in our commentary in February about the longer-term model for our business. I want to reiterate what we said previously and also provide some more color.  We continue to believe it will be years, not quarters, before we see a full recovery of the travel market, especially international travel. Looking beyond 2021, we continue to look forward to being a larger business with more diverse offerings and with more earnings than we had prior to COVID. We also remain focused on the potential for higher growth and market share.  We expect to continue to have industry-leading EBITDA margin rates, albeit most likely levels below those in 2019, driven by mix shifts within the business that I discussed on the last call. As a reminder, these mix shifts include the continued growth of payments and the growth of flights and other Connected Trip verticals, which will add revenue and EBITDA, but at much lower margin rates than traditional accommodations.  As we think about the future shape of our accommodation business, there are a few factors to consider. As discussed on the last call, we expect our personnel expenses in 2021 to be about the same as in 2019 as the savings from restructuring actions taken in 2020 are expected to be offset by personnel run rate investments made pre-COVID and personnel investments expected in 2021. Of course, some of these investments are to support payments and the Connected Trip.  As we look beyond 2021, the $370 million in savings from restructuring actions were mainly involving related functions, meaning that as volumes grow back to levels which we expect – which means as volumes go beyond levels we expect in 2021, we'll need to add expenses back to business.  As we mentioned before, we'll look to do this in cost effective ways. But the work will come back. And when added to our 2021 personnel cost base will put pressure on our accommodation business EBITDA margins relative to 2019 at the same level of volumes we had in 2019 and at the same growth rates.  Of course, there are offsetting factors that could improve margins, including variable cost efficiencies for additional scale, as we build well beyond 2019 volumes from fixed cost efficiencies and from increased direct mix.  The last thought I'd like to leave you with on this topic is that we believe that the recovery of the travel market will create opportunities to invest, to gain share in accommodations, which could put pressure on margins during a period of share gains.  In conclusion, we are pleased to see the recovery discussed in February continued into March and April in some parts of the world, leading to improvement in our top line metrics.  We're also watching the spread of COVID and the distribution of effective vaccines very carefully and realize this may lead to continued volatility ahead. We remain confident that we can emerge from this crisis in a stronger position.  With that, we'll take your questions. And, Grace, we'll hand over to you to open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Justin Post from Bank of America.
Justin Post: I think a couple of things would help. Can you give us any updates or your thoughts on mix between US, Europe and Asia, just so we can think about the recovery? And then, can you remind us what happened in Europe last summer when cases came down? Did you see a rapid increase? And are you seeing bookings pick up as people are vaccinated right now in Europe? 
David Goulden: David, why don't you take the…? 
David Goulden: Justin, let me take that. So, just to remind you of our historic mix, we have basically said that Europe is, of course, our largest region historically. If you think kind of roughly 50% or maybe a little bit more, you wouldn't be far off being correct. Asia, we said, historically, again pre-COVID, was about 20% with no single country being more than low-single digits. And that means that you've really got 30% left for US and rest of world combined. So, that is our pre-COVID mix. Obviously, that mix changed a little bit with the dynamic of what's happened recently. Obviously, the US has gone up as that's been the most recovered marketplace. So, that's the historic reference points.  In terms of last summer, we saw a couple of things. We, of course, did see, after the first wave came down, we saw people getting more confident with traveling. Of course, vaccines were still not available at that point in time. So, people were kind of traveling quite carefully and traveling locally. What we have seen and we saw in several places, what we've seen so far is a very consistent trend, that when cases come down, when vaccination rates go up, when government restrictions start to lift, good things happen. We see that happening in the US right now. We see that happening in Israel. We mentioned a couple of other areas that are doing better than the average. So, our expectation is that we'll see those positive trends start to occur in other parts of the world, particularly in Europe as things are starting to improve. As we mentioned, we are seeing things improving on April versus March and Europe is now no longer the least recovered region.
Justin Post: Maybe one follow-up. You mentioned share gains. Maybe for Glenn, the opportunities. Maybe you can give us a little more color on that. And do you think your US bookings are trending above kind of industry averages right now.
Glenn Fogel: As I said, I'm very pleased with the Q1 results in the US. I mentioned both Priceline.com and Booking.com doing well. So, we are very happy about that. I don't have – we're not done with the quarter yet. So, we don't have industrywide numbers to go against. So, I'm just going to say that I'm pleased with what we're producing and we'll see everybody's reported how we did.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Kopelman from Cowen.
Kevin Kopelman: I have a couple of follow-ups on the US growth. Can you give us any more of a sense of how much Q1 improved versus Q4. And obviously, the overall industry improved in the US in the first quarter quite a bit, but was Booking.Com or bookings growth in the US also a product of any specific decisions you made in the first quarter along the lines of your new strategic – increasing strategic focus on US share gains, for example, changing the way you're doing marketing or anything like that?
Glenn Fogel: Why don't I talk generally about strategy and then, David, if he wants – I'm not sure he wants to disclose anything more about specific numbers and gains. I will say this. I've said this in several calls in the past, actually many, about increasing our performance in the US is a strategic priority. And we have said that we under index in the US. So, we are doing many, many things to try and improve that. And everything from the basics of making sure we have the right selections of properties that people want to making sure it's the right price, making sure we're competitive. I talked about how we had to have the US payments platform up and running for Booking.com, so we can do creative, new things such as our back to travel promo, which of course wasn't in Q1, but just another example of things that we're doing.  And there's a lot of just blocking and tackling done by both teams, Priceline.com and the people at Booking.com, working with our suppliers, coming up with ways that we can help them get more customers. So, it's so many different things. There's no one thing to say that was the silver bullet. And I expect that we will be able to continue to do this. I hope to be able to continue to do this in the future. It will remain a priority for us. And, David, if you want to talk about numbers.
David Goulden: I will just, Kevin, reiterate what we said and give you a little flavor, make sure you understand where the emphasis was. So, things did improve significantly sequentially in the US during the quarter, and we have positive room night growth in the US year-on-year, which is great, because, obviously, international business was still down a fair amount. When we got into March, that room night growth in the US was very strong, which I characterize that as above any of our normal growth rates. That strengthened further into April. So, very strong plus. And then if you just kind of double click down and look at just the domestic, recognizing there is some substitution effect in there, the growth rates in the US was very strong for the entire quarter, positive for each month of the quarter and getting stronger, was again stronger in April than it was in March. 
Kevin Kopelman: If I could, just one follow-up on, you did the $50 travel credit promo in April. You see that as kind of an ongoing tactic or strategy that you might use? How much would this shift be a shift in costs from marketing spend to contra-revenue? 
Glenn Fogel: Well, we just put it out. Still an opportunity still to book on that one. It goes till the end of May for US people. They can still do a book, but they had to do the – in April, they had to actually activate it. So, we don't have a lot of [indiscernible] to tell you what we think that's going to be. It certainly is something that – it's one different thing that I pointed out, not because a huge driver, but just an example of things that we haven't done in the past that we will do in the future. And in fact, you may have noticed it, we started a very similar, but not exactly the same program in the UK yesterday. Or maybe it's two days ago.  The point being that we're trying to be more creative and going forward coming up with different ways to bring those customers to us, show them what a great product we have, great service we have and make sure they come back to us in the future, albeit not with the promotion. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney from Evercore.
Mark Mahaney: I've got two questions. I want to first start off, I think, Glenn, you made some comments about the mix of alternative accommodations, and being I think relatively similar in the March quarter versus a year ago. And I guess, I would have thought that it would have been kind of structurally higher, that somehow because of – during the COVID crisis. I know you talked about that mix increasing. Did you expect it to recover back? Would you expect it to revert back to where it was before? That is alternative accommodations as a percentage of your lodging mix. Or would you expect it to be somewhat elevated post COVID just because of the greater exposure that a lot of consumers had to that during the crisis? 
Glenn Fogel: Mark, I'll answer your question first about the general, what I expect in the future, and I'll let – it was Dave that talked about the mix and he can talk about – because we have more in Europe and it's the US, and I'll let him go through that [indiscernible] why we are where we are.  In terms of the future, here's the situation. We've been seeing for many, many years – and everyone's aware of this – that people have been more interested in the alternative accommodation. This is a global phenomenon. It's been going up at a steady rate for some time. COVID created a step functional change where people who may never have thought about an alternative accommodations, now they're thinking I want to go to a home that's not near people, maybe near the beach or near the mountains and I feel safer there. Now, having tried that, in the future, the question is you just asked is, will people go back to their former habits of some people going to hotels, some people homes and it will be a more gradual increase and will be a drop back first and then back up? I don't think anybody really knows.  But I would make the guess that people having tried the alternative accommodations during the pandemic will forever have it in their consideration set. And they may not always use it, they will choose what type of property fits their needs. But now, because it is part of their consideration set, I think there is a functional change in increased mix in the long run. That being said, for us, we do both. We have the greatest selection of both hotels and non-hotel accommodations together combined. So, we feel we are very well positioned globally for that. Though I have spoken in the past, in some regions, we are definitely in sufficient supply that we need to build up.  And David, do you want to explain again about the issue because of mix in terms of geographies and the mix in properties? 
David Goulden: Mark, let me just explain that maybe in a slightly different way. So, starting with Europe, if you just look at our business within Europe, you only looked at it with that lens, you would see alternative accommodation mix in Q1 this last year up a fair amount compared to Q1 2020 and also versus Q1 of 2019. So within Europe, where we have our largest mix of alternative accommodation, we see an increase in mix. But you also remember, I said that Europe in Q1 was our lowest performing region. And of course, the highest performing region was the US where we have a much larger mix of alternative accommodation. So, that's mix effect means that, in total, our alternative accommodation mix did not increase. But in Europe, for example, where it's the largest, it did increase a fair amount. So mix effect is really the biggest region. In total, in Q1, the mix of alternative accommodations was very similar to the 30% number we gave out for all of FY 2020. But again, within different regions, there are shifts occurring. 
Mark Mahaney: If I can ask one follow-on question, I think you talked about a better ROI in paid marketing channels. And just your guess as to whether that's sustainable or not. Thanks a lot. 
David Goulden: That's a good question. There are many things going on in ROI. So, yes, we did see slightly improved ROI on the paid channels. We also saw an increase in direct mix. And those two together let us have marketing grow less than bookings in the quarter. But there are many factors that go into accounting ROI, including your cost per click, conversion rate, cancellation rates, and we're still in a period of, I'd say, high volatility across all of those. So, it's not reasonable to point to any one factor as to why ROIs were up, but they were up slightly [indiscernible]. And it's only just one quarter. So, given the volatility of things happening, we wanted to point it out, but too early to call a trend. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lloyd Walmsley from Deutsche Bank.
Christopher Kuntarich: This is Chris on for Lloyd. Can you just talk a little bit about, I guess, booking frequency associated. It sounds like there has been meaningful pickup in share with you guys' app. Just kind of talk to us a little bit about booking frequency on app and how that compares to non-app users. Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: David, I don't know if you ever disclosed anything in terms of frequency on the app? 
David Goulden: No. Chris, let me tell you about what we have talked about and see if that answers the question and then maybe we haven't got your question completely right. But just to kind of remind us where we are right now, over two thirds of our bookings are mobile, majority of those are on app. Our app booking customers are our most frequent bookers relative to other direct channels. Because always we can have a direct booking through a mobile web direct booking or through a desktop booking. And the app bookers are the most loyal and the most returning. But we really haven't gone into frequency. And also, I'd say right now, in the current environment where we're still very much recovering, frequency metrics are not the most critical ones that we focus on right now. It's more the overall top line growth rates.  But we are pleased what we're seeing with a trend towards app usage, the increase in the mix and the repeat behavior of app users. Those are all positive things for us. 
Christopher Kuntarich: Just want to make sure, more of a housekeeping question. I saw a little bit of repurchase activity that was not related to you guys starting up your buyback again, is that correct? 
David Goulden: No, that was related to employee stock purchases. That was not buyback related.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak from Morgan Stanley. 
Alaxandar Wang: This is Alax Wang on for Brian. Thanks for taking our question. First, just on flights, I appreciate the update on the rollout to 18 countries. Maybe any early learnings you could share with us, particularly in the US and potentially attach rates that you could share and sort of what do you foresee as the key two or three incremental investments to sort of execute on flights as we progress through the year?
Glenn Fogel: We don't give away – I don't believe we ever talked about the actual attach rates. But I will say that that is an important reason we do flights and that getting that booker upfront is important, so that we can then get them to buy something that will have a higher margin.  The 18 countries in the Booking.com is now working in, we are getting initial – and we've been doing it for some time now, obviously, I guess a year now approximately. We are getting some learnings, how can we improve it, how can we make it better? We really haven't marketed this at all in terms of the way we market our hotels offering because we want to get it right before we start spending a lot of money. We don't want to waste money as you know.  I am very pleased, though, with the very limited effort that we've done that people are using it and we are getting feedback that people are coming back. So, that's good. It's something that's important for the long run. And I want to emphasize how much this is a long game we're playing here because, as you know, the number is still very, very, very small and this is very early. But we hope in the long run that this connected trip, which is not just the flights, but it's also the ground transportation and the attractions and the dining, all the things that people do when they are traveling, to create something that makes them want to always use our app more than anything else. When they think of travel, they come back to us. So, it's critical that we have that first thing, which is important to a lot of people, flights. And we're going to continue to make investments into it to make sure that is absolutely a great, great service. 
Alaxandar Wang: Just one follow-up. I think a couple quarters ago, you guys had tested a digital brand campaign. I'm not sure if there's anything you can share on that. But maybe bigger picture, as we look at the performance channels ex search, do you see any opportunities to sort of lean into more of the non-search performance channels with online video as we're seeing increasing sort of digital transformation as a result of the pandemic? 
Glenn Fogel: We recognize that's where the eyeballs are going. So, we need to make sure that we are putting our name appropriately in front. So, people when they think of travel, they think of us. So we are cognizant of that fact and we are we are working on that. So yes, we will continue to work with that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mario Lu from Barclays. 
Mario Lu: I have one on agency versus merchant bookings and one on payments. So, the one on agency versus a merchant, it looks like the merchant bookings recovered to a level much quicker in 1Q compared to agency. Is there anything to kind of call out there to explain the quicker recovery?  And then on payments, you guys mentioned you guys are north of 20% of bookings. Is there a specific target you guys plan to reach in the long term? And how should that flow through to say revenue and operating margins over time?
Glenn Fogel: Dave, why don't you talk to about agency/merchant question and I'll talk about the long vision on payments. 
David Goulden: Actually, we saw a slightly lower mix of merchants in Q1 this year than in Q1 last year, both in total and at Booking.com. Because bear in mind, you're kind of comparing essentially an almost a non-crisis quarter – last year, of course, Q1, in March, things got worse, but most of the quarter was not crisis. And now you're talking about – comparing with a quarter that is very much still in the crisis with recovery mode. So, people in the short term, looking at the more flexible agency, pay the hotel model because that has just an attractive proposition in times like this when flexibility becomes very, very important. We do expect the merchant business to actually increase during the year at Booking.com where we have obviously the big mix shift happening. And we still think that the merchants business in total in 2021 will be a slightly higher mix than it was in 2020. But of course, flexibility is one of the factors that is important as people are looking at the bookings in this environment. So that's what's going on this year. 
Glenn Fogel: In the long view, we'd like to get as much business as possible on payments because we believe we'll create a better service for both our customers for traveling and our supplier partners to be able to do all sorts of things you can't do when it's just a straight agency play. And we believe we can provide value to everyone in that way. And I gave that example earlier about – we couldn't do a back to trial promotion if we didn't have a payment product to do that. And there are many ways we're going to be able to merchandise people's – our supplier partners, different ways to merchandise their offerings in ways that you can really only do well with a payment platform. And, of course, putting things together, bundling, all different things. So obviously, we would like to get as many people in because it's good for everybody who comes into it, both the customer and the supplier. That being said, we know that we'll never get to 100%. There will be – still be lots of people who will say, all I need is hotel, I like this agency thing, I pay the desk, it's all fine, we'll see if that happens, whatever. But even in that situation, we may actually do the payment for the hotel in a way that we can save them money. So it's a great opportunity for us. But it's the long view and it's going to take some time to get there. 
David Goulden: Just to kind of reiterate what we said before about how it plays out in the income statements, we get additional revenue from providing the payment service. We have a variable cost related to that sitting in sales and other, which is where you see the biggest offsetting a cost element to offset – to match the revenue. There are some incremental expenses, obviously, in our other lines as well related to running the payments program, but the biggest variable cost is sitting in sales and other. As we mentioned, in 2020, the payments business operated very close to breakeven when factoring particularly variable costs into account, which is an improvement from what it was before. And it's obviously an enabler for business, as Glenn just articulated. So, we want to continue to grow the mix and maintain that breakeven profile as we're growing it out, recognizing that, in the future, we recognize there are monetization opportunities that can lead to incremental EBITDA from the payments business, which we expect, albeit at lower margin rates than core accommodations. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Douglas Anmuth from J.P. Morgan. 
Dae Lee: This is Dae on for Doug. Thanks for taking the questions. My first one is on your alternative accommodation product. You've talked about works needed to improve the product in the US. Is that just inventory and awareness that you've talked about in the past? Or are there other areas where you see opportunities to improve?  And then, just on the room night growth and booking growth, it seems like there's been a sizable divergence in trajectory. Kind of feel [indiscernible] anything else notable that's driving that and how should we think about the relationship between the two going forward?
Glenn Fogel: I'll take the first and, Dave, why don't you take the second? So, in terms of the alternative accommodations in the States, the things you mentioned are very, very important. We've got to have the right properties for the customer. And I've talked about this in the past that we under-index with the private homes, the single homes in the States. And that has been a popular product in the States because of the pandemic. And that's something that we are continuing to work on in the future. It's also just the process in general, how we get people on board, who we're dealing with to get them to come in. And we currently are using the multi-product property managers more than, say, some of our competitors who go out and get individual properties. So, there's a difference in how we're doing it right now.  I do believe this is a very, very achievable goal to be as competitive as anybody else. As David mentioned earlier about mix, we do a great business in Europe in the alternative accommodations area. A very good business. And there's no reason we shouldn't be able to do the exact same thing here in the States, though it is taking time. 
David Goulden: On what's going on between the dynamic between room night growth and booking growth, a couple of factors going on here. One, I mentioned the fact that we're doing – that we're seeing better booking growth performance from flights because of volume. And also, we are doing – even though the units are down for 4% to 6% in car, there's actually fairly good increase in rates for cars. So total bookings, the TGV, has done better for both flights and cars than it did for accommodations. But the biggest factor is really what's going on with ADRs. And there has been a bit of a shift in what we've seen even in the last couple of months. And we are – saw that ADRs in the quarter were only down 1%. Now, I would say a couple of things. Now, the like-for-like ADRs are absolutely still under pressure due to lower occupancy rates. But there are some mix benefits that really impact the year-on-year comparison. The first mix benefit was the mix shift towards the US as the US really started to accelerate, particularly in March. You saw a really fast pickup in growth rates in March that we were not forecasting when we last met you. So, that was a positive for room night growth, but also for ADRs.  And also in Europe, what's happening is, right now, because there are still a lot of restrictions, people booking today are booking generally more often for the summer holiday and the summer holiday period in Europe has higher ADRs than most short-term stays. So, those two mix effects are really helping the ADR picture. And we expect this – both the phenomena that I talked about in terms of air and car and ADRs are likely to go through to Q2 as well.  But we do think the ADRs will start to be driven down again in the second half due to a couple of reasons. Again, the like-for-like ADRs are under pressure. As an example, our stay ADRs in the first quarter were down mid-teens if you exclude regional mix. That's more of a kind of like-for-like comparison. So, that like-for-like comparison is more likely to kind of be exposed in the second half. Regional mix may continue to help. But then, we do think that this earlier booking of the summer – benefit of the summer bookings will fade and the reported ADRs will become more comparable with the underlying stay ADRs and those will converge back together more in the second half than they did in the first half. So, some interesting phenomena going on with mix and with booking window in Europe driving what we're going to see in Q1 and Q2.
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of Deepak Mathivanan from Wolfe Research.
Deepak Mathivanan: Just a couple ones. So, first, wanted to go back to your comment about investing to gain share with the margin opportunity? How should we think about your approach strategically? Is it on variable marketing channels? Obviously, there's a few products that you have talked about before, but are there any other initiatives that you would know that's something that could be impactful during this recovery period?  And then the second question is on the labor market situation here in the US. Obviously, it is very tight. And some of the hotel operators have called out the challenges there as well. How do you think this affects your business, if at all? Maybe broadly, talk about how supply side is evolving during the recovery.
Glenn Fogel: I'll start with the second part, labor. And I'll let David go back to margins and how things can look as we continue to go for the future. So, certainly, we've all read news articles about shortages right now popping up in different areas of the hospitality industry. And some of the leaders in the industry, particularly some of the hotels and restaurants saying just can't get workers. But I don't believe that's going to impact where people aren't going to be able to find a place to stay at all. Right now, there is no shortage in my mind of great places for people to go to. And I don't see that happening. Yes, some property types may be short at certain times during high season, particularly, some of the very popular areas in the summer as leisure comes back in some parts of the world. But overall for the business, I don't see this as a significant or even a small risk to the business at all.  And Dave, you can talk a little bit about margin.
David Goulden: Clearly, in a business like ours, there's always a trade-off between growth and profitability or growth and margins, particularly in the short term. And the areas that we would expect to be leaning into, there are a number of initiatives that we can drive to – lean into to drive further growth. Obviously, we need to be smart and we need to be nimble, we need to look at where the pockets of opportunity are. But we continue to be, I think, a very good marketeer in the pay channels and look at those demand opportunities and really have the opportunity to lean into those where we think we can and where we think we can actually gain incremental traffic.  We can do things with merchandising, and we can also do things with things like promotions, like back to travel. Also, there are areas like brands. So, there are multiple levers we can pull to drive growth above market where we believe there are opportunities to do so. We believe that the recovery obviously presents a very dynamic environment for everybody. And we want to make sure that we are taking advantage of opportunities that we can either make or made for us. And those are the things that would, in the short term, impact margins. Bear in mind, as we talked about what's happening this year, during periods of time when bookings are growing faster than revenue, that impacts the business because, generally, our expenses are associated upfront with capturing the booking and the revenue comes later. So those are all things that go into the dynamics around growth versus margin in the accommodation business. 
Operator: Thank you, everyone. And that's all the questions that we have for today. I'll turn the call over back to our CEO, Glenn Fogel, for any closing remarks. 
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. So, in closing, I want to thank our partners, our customers, our dedicated employees and our shareholders. We appreciate your support as we continue to navigate through these better, though still difficult times, and we want to continue to build on the long-term vision for our company. Thank you. Thank you, everyone, and please be safe. Good night.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for joining. You may now all disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-24 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Booking Holdings Fourth Quarter 2020 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical facts are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings’ actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statement at the end of the Booking Holdings’ earnings press release, as well as Booking Holdings’ most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings’ earnings press release together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings’ website, www.bookingholdings.com. And now, I would like to introduce Booking Holdings speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and David Goulden. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. And welcome to Booking Holdings’ fourth quarter conference call. I am joined this afternoon by our CFO, David Goulden. Despite a travel environment that continues to be very challenging, we closed out 2020 by delivering fourth quarter results that were a bit better than the expectations we talked about on our last earnings call. David will provide the details on the fourth quarter results in his remarks. For my time, I will first briefly reflect on our execution during the extremely difficult year of 2020. Then I will share our thoughts and strategic priorities for 2021 and beyond. Without a doubt 2020 presented the biggest disruption to modern global travel the world has ever seen and our results for full year 2020 were down substantially from 2019. However, travelers still book 355 million room nights through our platforms during 2020 and we remain profitable by generating approximately $880 million in adjusted EBITDA. Delivering these results during this unprecedented and unpredictable year is a credit to our team’s relentless efforts to provide the best value and service to our traveler customers and to our supply partners while all the time remaining incredibly focused on operating efficiently. When we spoke to you on our earnings call in May of 2020, we outlined a series of plans that would help us navigate through the COVID-19 crisis. First, we said we would stabilize the business from the immediate shock of the crisis. Second, we said we would optimize the business for the expected decrease in travel demand over the next few years. And third, we said we would position the business to be able to capture travel demand when it returns. Based on our accomplishments in 2020, I can confidently say that we executed well against these plans. In the beginning of the crisis, we successfully stabilized the business by taking several immediate steps including, quickly closing offices and smoothly transitioning to a distributed work environment to protect the health and safety of our employees, which was and continues to be a top priority, working closely with travelers and supply partners to process the unprecedented level of travel changes and cancellations, and bolstering liquidity and preserving cash by holding stock buybacks cutting non-essential costs and raising over $4 billion in capital through a debt offering. And we began the process and have almost entirely completed our work to optimize the business for the decrease in travel demand through the restructuring actions we have taken at each of our brands across the company. As a result of these actions, our 2020 year end headcount decreased approximately 23% versus 2019, primarily in volume-related position. We expect these reductions to result in annualized cost savings of about $370 million in personnel expenses with about $110 million of savings recognized in 2020. All our work is never done in terms of finding opportunities for cost efficiencies. We believe the headcount reductions needed to optimize the business for the current demand environment are now generally behind us. Finally, we believe we have positioned the business well for when travel demand returns. We continue to make progress against our key strategic priorities during 2020 and this progress has continued as we have moved into 2021. We remain active in performance marketing channels, and are being agile and adapting our approach to this very uncertain environment, and we will leverage our learnings from the past year to continue to capture demand in these performance channels at appropriate ROIs. In addition, our marketing team has been working hard to develop campaigns and messaging that we will deploy when we believe the time is right to encourage people to travel once again and use our services. As we think ahead about 2021, there is considerable uncertainty regarding the exact shape and timing of the recovery for travel. The rate of recovery will depend heavily on the rate of new COVID-19 cases, including new potentially more transmissible and more dangerous variants and on the timing of effective and broad based vaccine distribution, which we believe will be a key step in helping people feel safe to travel again. We are tracking early signs of encouraging summer booking trends in Western Europe, primarily the U.K. and Germany, relative to what we are seeing globally. Although in each case, gross booking levels are still below where we were at the same point in time in 2019. While seeing green shoots of a summer booking season positive, it’s uncertain whether these trends will continue and whether we will see this summer booking strength expand into other countries and regions, and of course, whether these advanced will turn into stayed room nights, or will be canceled. What would be most helpful will be continued government action around the world to accelerate vaccine distribution, while providing direct and indirect support to the entire travel and hospitality industry. Additionally, international travel remains extremely depressed and recovery will not be possible until government restrictions on international travel are lifted or modified to travelers who can show they are safe travelers are allowed to travel freely. As you know, our International business has been a great advantage for us historically and we expect it will be in the future, but we anticipate this to be a longer recovery. We know that people have a very strong desire to travel. We saw this first hand in 2020 when we witnessed a strong improvement in our booking trends from the lows of April through the peak summer travel season, driven in part by pent-up demand as people came out of lockdowns. The travel that was booked last year was much more domestic-oriented than in prior years as many people adapted to the restricted travel environment and still found a way to take a trip. With many travel restrictions now in place around the world, we believe there is once again a high level of pent-up demand for travel. But when this demand will be fully unlocked is of course difficult to predict and it will depend on vaccination rates and other factors. While the trending of the pickup in travel demand is beyond our control, we are focused on things we can control, primarily better positioning our business by continuing to invest and execute against our key strategic priorities including, expanding the payment platform at Booking.com, building out our Connected Trip capabilities and growing our market share in the United States. Our integrated payment platform at Booking.com provides payment options favored by both travelers and our supplier partners across hotels, alternative accommodations, cars, flight and attractions. It is strategically important as it enables merchandising capabilities that we haven’t had access to historically at Booking.com, but we expect to utilize selectively in the future to help drive growth. In addition, this payment platform is foundational for enabling our Connected Trip strategy. We continue to make progress expanding the payment platform with approximately 22% of Booking.com’s gross bookings in 2020 processed on the platform. This was up from approximately 15% in 2019 and was less than 4% back in 2017. So this is a dramatic shift in our large-scale business. We are optimistic about recent improvements in our Booking.com U.S. payment platform, which will enable increased utilization of payments in this critical market. We expect to see a higher percentage of Booking.com’s gross bookings processed on the payment platform in 2021 as compared to 2020 and expect these increases to continue beyond 2021. Our Connected Trip vision is a multi-parted offering including accommodations, flights, ground transportation and attractions in dining connected by our seamless payment network and ultimately supported by personalized intelligence to provide a frictionless experience for our bookers all the way from the initial booking to experiencing their trip. We are building towards this vision, because we believe that Connected Trip will drive increased loyalty and frequency and will enhance the growth of our accommodation business to additional customer acquisition and merchandising opportunities. Developing a robust flight product at Booking.com remains an important strategic component of the Connected Trip, as it gives us the ability to engage with flight bookers early in their travel journey and allows us an opportunity to cross-sell our accommodation and other products to those bookers. In the coming years, we expect flights will represent an increasing mix of our overall business, which will help drive incremental revenue and EBITDA dollars. As mentioned in the past growing our share of the U.S. travel market remains a key strategic priority for our company as the U.S. is one of the largest travel markets in the world and we have historically under indexed there. We are taking several steps to increase our competitiveness in the U.S. market and are focused on making sure we are offering great value to our customers, improving our payments platform to enable bundling and merchandising opportunities, increasing overall consumer awareness of our Booking.com through marketing and expanding our alternative accommodation supply. While we have built a large and competitive alternative accommodations business globally, we believe we have a significant opportunity for improvement in the United States, which will involved, product improvements, supply acquisition and raising consumer awareness of this type of inventory on Booking.com. The key to invest and execute against these three strategic priorities as when we capture demand as travel recovers will be our focus in 2021. We believe successful implementation of these priorities is key to achieve higher growth rates, increasing market share and eventually building a larger business with higher earnings than we had prior to COVID. We expect this larger business to have a higher mix of merchant transactions and non-accommodation products, both of which will negatively impact our EBITDA margin rates. But we expect to continue to lead the travel industry in this metric. Finally, I want to address the European Commission’s initial proposal from the Digital Marketing Act and Digital Services Act released in December. The European Commission has proposed regulations and to keeping markets fair and open, which is an ambition that we support. However, at the present time, it is not known for certain what the ultimate rules will be, how they might be applied or what the impact will be on us and other market participants. We are engaged with state service to work towards regulations to tackle the legitimate problems of the large gatekeepers in the digital community of which we believe we are not one. We will update you in the area during future calls. In conclusion, there are still tough days ahead of us and everyone in the travel industry. COVID case counts remain high and the wider global distribution of vaccines is still too slow. However, I am more confident than ever in our long-term future and we will at some point see a strong recovery in travel demand. I firmly believe that our company is very well-positioned to capture this demand as it comes back. In the meantime, we will focus on what we can control, namely investing in our business and executing against our strategic priorities to ensure we exit this crisis on a strong footage, which will enable us to build a larger and faster growing business over the long run. I will now turn the call over to our CFO, David Goulden.
David Goulden: Thank you, Glenn, and good afternoon. I will review our operating results for the fourth quarter, provide some color on the trends we have seen so far in the first quarter and then discuss our expectations for 2021 and our longer term operating model. To avoid the comparison to the initial spread the pandemic in 2020, all growth rates for 2020 and 2021 are relative to comparable period in 2019 unless otherwise indicated. Information regarding reconciliation of non-GAAP results to GAAP results can be found in our earnings release. Now onto the results for the fourth quarter. On our November earnings call, we discussed the trends we saw throughout the third quarter and into early November, including the year-on-year decline in reported room nights worsening from about 43% in the third quarter to about 58% in October and then further deteriorating to about 70% over the seven-day leading up to our November earnings call, driven by rising COVID case counts, and many European countries and governments beginning to respond with imposition of travel restrictions. As a reminder, reported room nights include the impact of cancellations. The worsening trends we saw in early November, improved a little resulting in our reported room nights declining 60% for the full quarter. November proved to be the low point for the quarter. The decline in room night growth rates versus Q3 were driven by Europe, where growth rate declined quite considerably. Looking across the other regions North America were similar to Q3 and Asia and the rest of world both improved compared to Q3. North America was the strongest region in Q4 with significantly lower year-on-year earlier decline in room nights than the other regions. Mobile bookings, particularly through our apps continued to gain share in the fourth quarter and represented over two-thirds of our total room nights in Q4 and about two-thirds of 2020. We continue to see -- we also continue to see growth in 50% of our total room nights come to us through the direct channel. Domestic room nights represented about 85% of our reported room nights in Q4, up significantly versus 2019, which was just below 50%. Our cancellation rates continue to be up year-over-year in the fourth quarter and also increased versus Q3. We continue to monitor other changes in Booking.com customer booking behavior. The mix of customers booking alternative accommodations in Q4 was slightly lower than Q4 2019, while the full year was up slightly versus 2019. The slight decline in the overall mix of alternative accommodations in Q4 was due to the underperformance of the European region, which is where we have our highest mix of alternative accommodations. The mix of alternative accommodations continued to increase year-over-year within Europe in Q4. Booking.com’s alternative accommodations represented about 30% of its reported room nights for the full year 2020. The booking with the contracted versus 2019 in the fourth quarter are about the same rate as we saw in the third quarter as customers continue to focus mainly on the short-term travel needs. Gross bookings declined 65% in Q4, which is a great decline in reported room nights, due to the average daily rates for accommodations decreasing about 15% year-over-year on a constant currency basis. Consolidated revenue for the fourth quarter of $1.2 billion and decreased 63% year-over-year. As we expected, revenue in the quarter was less negatively impact than gross bookings due to the fact that revenue benefited from check-ins in Q4 from bookings received in the relatively strong third quarter. Our full year revenue was also significantly less impacted than our gross bookings driven by the differences in the timing between fees and revenue, which is recognized as check-in primarily related to 2019 bookings that check-in, in Q1 2020. As a result of these coming factors, our full year revenue as a percentage of gross bookings was 19.2%, which is significantly higher than the 15.6% in 2019 and 2018. If our revenue as a percentage of gross bookings in 2020 been in line with 2019, revenue would have been more than $1 billion lower for the full year. The difference between 15.6% and 19.2% is almost entirely explained by this timing difference. The 63% reduction in revenue resulted in adjusted EBITDA loss of $38 million in the fourth quarter. While we significantly reduced our variable expense lines like marketing, sales and other, our more fixed expenses decreased to a lesser extent in Q4. As Glenn mentioned, we have almost entirely completed our restructuring actions, reduced personnel expenses to align our cost structure with the new demand environments. The savings recognized in our personnel expense line related to these actions was about $70 million in Q4 and about $110 million for the full year. We recorded charges of $74 million and $149 million related to these actions in the restructuring and other exit cost line for Q4 and the full year respectively. Marketing expense, which is a highly variable expense line decreased 61% year-over-year as we saw a significant reduction in demand in the paid channels. In addition, we substantially reduced our brand marketing spend in response to the diminished travel demand environments. Sales and other expenses decreased 45% year-over-year, primarily due to a reduction in expenses associated with payments transactions, partially offset by a mix shift in customer service to outsourced call centers. Personnel expenses decreased 13% year-over-year, primarily due to restructuring actions I mentioned previously. G&A expenses decreased 36% year-over-year, largely driven by reduced discretionary expense in such areas as T&E, lower indirect taxes and lower office expenses due to employees working remotely. Information technology expenses were up 1% year-over-year in the fourth quarter due to investments in software license fees related to cyber security and privacy software. Finally, we have broken out restructuring charges separately in operating expenses in the P&L and I note that these restructuring charges are included in our non-GAAP results. We recorded a non-GAAP net loss of $23 million in the quarter. Our full year non-GAAP tax rate of 42% was meaningfully higher than our 2019 tax rate of 19% due to the greater impact of non-tax deductible expenses on a lower base of earnings, as well as the geographical distribution of earnings and losses. Our Q4 non-GAAP tax rate was driven by change in our full year tax provision following better than expected pretax results in the fourth quarter. On a GAAP basis, we had an operating loss of $153 million in Q4. We recorded a GAAP net loss of $165 million in the quarter, as the benefit from an unrealized $553 million pretax gain on our equity investments, primarily related to our investment in Meituan was offset by income tax expenses of $410 million, $98 million of interest expense and $61 million of FX re-measurement losses on our euro bond. We excluded the unrealized gains and the re-measurement losses from our non-GAAP results. The $410 million of income tax expenses is primarily due to the discrete tax expense related to the Meituan unrealized gain and the change in our full year tax provision, following better than expected results in the fourth quarter. Our full year GAAP tax rate of 90% was meaningfully higher than our 2019 tax rate of 18% due to the reasons mentioned from non-GAAP tax rate with the non-deductible goodwill impairment charge, driving an additional significant impact. Now onto our cash and liquidity position. Our Q4 ending cash and investment balance decreased to $14.8 billion from our September ending balance of $14.9 billion due to an operating cash outflow largely offset by the unrealized gains on our long-term investments. We had a $557 million operating cash outflow in the quarter driven primarily by changes in working capital, which represented a use of cash of about $400 million in the quarter, as well as a net loss recorded in the quarter. The change in working capital driven by seasonal effects were amplified by the slowdown in bookings from Q3. We will continue to focus on maintaining a strong liquidity position given the high level of uncertainty created by the COVID pandemic and consistent with our comments last quarter, we have halted repurchases of our stock and will not initiate repurchase until we have better visibility into the shape and timing of a recovery. Now on to our thoughts for the first quarter and to remind you we will make comparisons with 2019 unless otherwise indicated. There continues to be considerable uncertainty about the shape and timing of the recovery for travel, which means we are unable to provide detailed guidance at this time. January room night declines were slightly worse in Q4, driven by the increasing spread of COVID-19, including the new strains with associated additional travel restrictions. However, starting in middle of January, we saw an improvement in room night declines driven by domestic travel bookings in most part of the world and we have seen this improvement continue into February. In recent weeks, some regions have improved back to positive domestic room night growth. While difficult to predict with accuracy, if the domestic room night trends continued to improve, Q1 room night declines could be a few percentage points better than Q4. To give you a snapshot of what we are seeing recently room night declines of last seven days were about 50%, In Q1, the overall booking window is contracted versus 2019, although to a lesser extent that we saw in the fourth quarter. In Western Europe in January, we saw an expansion of the booking window versus 2019 and we have seen this expansion continue into February as the share of further out bookings including those for summer travel has increased. As Glenn noted in Western Europe, particularly in the U.K. and Germany we have recently seen stronger summer booking trends relative to what we are seeing globally and in these countries gross bookings for the summer period are 25% of where they were at the same time in 2019. These stronger booking trends in Western Europe are currently being offset by weaker near-term booking trends in the region due to extensive travel restrictions and we remind you that the significant majority of the summer bookings are cancellable. We are also encouraged to see that some countries are making notable progress in vaccinations including Israel, UAE and the U.K. We are confident that when vaccinations are broadly available and when travel restrictions are lifted people will return to travel. We saw this happen recently in Israel where vaccination rates are the highest in the world and after the national lockdown within Israel was eased on February 7th, we quickly saw domestic bookings return to solid double-digit growth versus the same period in 2019. Turning to the income statement, as I said, we expect Q1 room nights declines could be a few percentage points better than Q4. We expect Q1 gross bookings to decline a few percentage points more than room nights due to continued pressure on local currency ADRs. We expect Q1 revenue to decline slightly more than gross bookings assuming bookings continue to improve for the rest of the quarter. We expect marketing expense in Q1 will decline at the same level as gross bookings. We expect sales and other expenses in Q1 will be similar to what they were in Q4 on a dollar basis with some variability based upon where Q1 volumes land. We expect personnel expenses in Q1 where we saw higher than they were in Q4 on a dollar basis, primarily due to increased SBC expenses and seasonal increase in benefit costs, partially offset by a higher amount of savings in Q1 related to the restructuring actions we have taken. We expect that almost a full run rate from our personnel restructurings will be realized in Q1. We expect G&A expenses in Q1 will be about the same as it were in Q4 on a dollar basis. We expect that IT expenses will be higher than they were in Q4 on a dollar basis, primarily due to increased investments in security, data privacy and some operational system enhancements. We currently estimate the remaining restructuring charge related to actions of Booking.com will be about $40 million and we expect to record more than half of these remaining charges in the first quarter. About half of the $40 million related to personnel related actions and the other half relates to real estate. Given what we just explained and to remind you that Q1 is our seasonally lowest revenue quarter, we expect to report a greater EBITDA loss in Q1 than in Q4. For full year 2021, I want to briefly walk you through some factors that we expect will impact our topline operating margins for the year. We expect the environment of travel to improve during 2021, but the shape and timing of that recovery remains uncertain. We expect occupancy rates to remain below where they were pre-COVID putting continued negative pressure on ADRs, which will result in our gross bookings being lower than our room nights. As I alluded earlier, our revenue was less negatively impacted than our gross bookings in 2020 due to timing factors, which benefited our 2020 revenue by more $1 billion. The opposite dynamic will happen when we experience acceleration in bookings, which will lead to our gross bookings recovering faster than revenue. Said another way, if we see this acceleration in 2021 there will be more bookings made in 2021 that will check-in in 2022 than there were bookings made in 2020 that check-in in 2021. This timing factor could have a meaningfully negative impact on our revenue as a percentage of gross bookings, but exactly how meaningful this impact will be depends upon how quickly our room nights and gross bookings accelerate in 2021. Due to these differences and the timing of bookings versus check-in, we also expect deleverage in our marketing expenses in 2021 as we incur the majority of our marketing expenses at the time of booking. The most significant expense items in sales and other are payment processing costs and outsourced customer service expenses. We expect sales and other to be lower in 2021 than in 2019. The reduction will be smaller than the reduction in revenue. A few comments to help you think about our less variable expenses to 2021 and how they will most likely compare with 2019. We expect G&A to be down double digits versus 2019 driven by T&E, office and occupancy expenses, with some variability from GST taxes if new ones are enacted during the year. Personnel expenses are likely to be quite similar to 2019 on a dollar basis. To help you understand this better, there are a few factors that contribute towards this. Our personnel expense run rate immediately before COVID hit was about $200 million higher than 2019 actual personnel expenses. Less than half of this was the annualization of people expense we added during 2019 and the rest was from people expense added to the business in the first quarter of 2020. Our restructuring actions will reduce headcount expenses by approximately $370 million. So an impact of these two together will be to reduce personnel expenses by $170 million versus 2019. As we continue to invest in the business, we expect 2021 year-end headcount to be a little higher than at the end of 2020 with a mix shift towards product and technical positions. This will add about $100 million in personnel expenses in 2021. And finally SBC is expected to be higher than 2019 due to due to a few factors including the modification of some stock awards in Q1 2021 and the issuance of stock options in 2020. Finally, IT expenses in 2021 will be higher than in 2019 due to investments in security, privacy and operational system enhancements as reported to our Connected Trip strategy. As we think beyond 2021, we are looking forward to being a larger business with more diverse offerings and with more earnings that we had prior to COVID. We will also focus on the potential for higher growth and market share. We continue to believe it will be years and not quarters before travel returns to pre-COVID-19 levels. And when considering the shape of the business at that time, I’d like to draw your attention to two factors. The first is a mix shift within the business. The continued growth of payments and the growth of flights and other connected verticals will add revenue and EBITDA but at much lower margin rates than traditional accommodations. Payments will add to revenue with offsetting expenses in sales and other plus some additional personnel and other expenses. Flights and other connected verticals will add to bookings and revenue but at lower take rates on accommodations and will also require added personnel and other expenses as these business scales. The second is personnel. The restructuring actions we took in 2020 were mainly in volume related functions including customer service and credit collection. This means that as volumes grow beyond the levels we expect in 2021, we will need to add expenses back to business. As we mentioned before, we look to do this in cost efficient ways but the work will come back. We think it’s important to include this consideration when thinking about the future shape of the business. As Glenn said, we expect to continue to have industry leading EBITDA margin rates, albeit most likely at levels below those in 2019. In conclusion, we remain focused on what we can control and continue to execute against our strategic priorities. We are now more confident than ever that through these actions we will emerge from this crisis in a stronger position. We will now take your questions, and Grace, I will turn it over to you to open the line for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Lloyd Walmsley from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Lloyd Walmsley: Thanks for the questions. I guess a couple, first, just following up on those last comments you made, David on margins. I guess, obviously, a lot of the reductions you have seen as you said, been kind of variable related to business. Are there -- is there anything that you are kind of just learning to do better or more efficiently that might result in kind of better cost line items as a percent of revenue coming out of this on the other side? And then, I guess, the second one, curious if you guys expect any impact to your performance marketing spend efficacy from kind of upcoming changes in Apple’s iOS 14 that may impact retargeting, anything you guys expect there? Thanks.
David Goulden: Yeah. Why don’t I take the first one and then Glenn will -- see if you want to take a start on the second one. So, on the efficiency side, we are always looking for ways to become more efficient within the business. As I mentioned, we have reduced these variable cost to the tune of about $370 million. As they come back, we will look at more efficient ways of getting that work done. The work will come back. It won’t come back this year. We basically right-sized ourselves to what we think will be through 2021, but as volumes extend beyond what we think 2021 is likely to bring those costs will come back. So we will look more efficient ways to do some of those variable activities in terms of location, technology, where we do them inside or where we deploy more partner resources, et cetera. And we also Lloyd, continue to look at how we can drive efficiencies in our fixed cost part of the business. That’s not been the major focus for the last 12 months. The major focus being surviving COVID, I think, we have done a good job with that. But we do continue to kind of look at our costs across our personnel base, across our real estate, across our technology portfolios, across things like procurement, where we can continue to drive efficiencies within the business. So when we get to a more normalized environment that’s something else we can also take a look at driving as well.
Glenn Fogel: And Lloyd.
Lloyd Walmsley: Thanks a lot.
Glenn Fogel: Your question is good one because we continue to see changes not only by companies like Apple making changes, you just mentioned, but Google doing differences and government certainly talking about laws and regulations about cookies and all sorts of things that impact different ways that people do marketing, in particular performance marketing and different things and that can impact companies, certainly in the short-term and we are all just looking and trying to evaluate what do we think this will mean for any one of these things. But the thing I am really focused on is that change can also be good. We believe that we have some of the best marketing people in the world in terms of digital marketing. So when changes happen we can make adjustments, we can make changes, we can do things faster and better and we have so much data to test with that we believe we can actually come out of these things sometimes better off than we were in the past. So right now, there is nothing I can say in terms of impact or not. It took us so far as to say we have been adapting and changing as the world of digital marketing has been changing for 20 years and we have kept on top of it and so I am so confident that we will be able to make any adjustments we need to make for the future.
Lloyd Walmsley: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Justin Post from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Justin Post: Great. Thank you. A couple of questions, first, Airbnb success has been hard to miss, but just wondering how you think about your market share within Europe and your position with a larger host maybe than smaller individual host and what that means in a recovery? And then, secondly, Glenn, would love to hear about your thoughts on suppliers, obviously, a lot of pain in the travel industry. How can you help suppliers in the recovery and do you think you will be getting more promotional activity from suppliers, maybe better take rates, anything we could think about on that front? Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: Sure. So in regards to the whole alternative accommodations, we would like to call it in Europe. I don’t think we talk much about regional exact share and I am not going to here. But I certainly, we talked a little bit how Europe is our stronghold in that area. We are better there in the home area, other areas. But throughout the world I think I can say to you that we are better in things that are less single property. We always want to increase the single property, because we know that’s an area where we can improve upon. So that is an issue right now and with the pandemic there certainly was a bit of a shift for some people that they wanted to be isolated away from other people. So certainly, there was more demand than the past for the single home area. That showed much more in the U.S. for us than Europe because Europe we do have a greater amount of our home supply is single property than say in the U.S. Look, it’s an area where we to continue to focus on and I do believe right now in the environment there is, that is a great product to have up on the shelf. That being said, in the future, we will see how much that maintains or things go back more towards they used to be where there is a different split between homes and hotels. In regard to your second question about relationship with hotel suppliers, obviously, we are doing everything we can to help our partners. The next come up with new ways to come up with promotions that they want to do, telling them what we think their spots of demand that they can come up with give and take a closed user group prices they can help get the more demand, coming out with ways they can put together things in content in terms of safety and health so that a traveler who looks on our sites, sees their hotel and sees that is a safe place to go, do all different things with them to try and improve their business. It’s very difficult right now, as you know because let’s face it, unless we see a demand, if you can have the greatest content in the world where people don’t trying to travel, they are not going to travel. But we are going to continue to do that. I do believe in terms of relationships, certainly, as a distributor, when there is less demand we are more valuable as a partner to them. And the time when there is very, very high occupancy rates, any hotels I don’t need the distributor nearly as much, but when they don’t have as much occupancy rate then they start looking for demand and we have the benefit of being the largest platform for hotel demand in the world. So we are in a place for them to come and get some more of that incremental demand and we are continuing to work with them to make sure they do their best to get it.
Justin Post: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Kevin Kopelman from Cowen. Your line is open.
Kevin Kopelman: Great. Thanks a lot. I just had some follow-ups on your comments about gaining market share in the U.S. Can you talk more about your focus there? Do you consider it an increasing priority for the company compared to the past year or two and on the marketing side of that that you mentioned do you anticipate being focused more on brand or performance marketing?
Glenn Fogel: Well, let me start with the first one, Kevin. We absolutely have begun to focus more on the U.S. It’s always been a priority. So don’t get me wrong in that area. But certainly we have made a couple of changes. We are focusing more specifically in the U.S. As we scale the company over many, many years we had a very global presence and we try not to make changes solely for any particular market, really believing that scaling the business we have it and the same was the best way to achieve a very, very large global share of the business. That being said, we have come to a state where we recognize that we continue to be under indexed in the U.S. and maybe we need to make some changes there, which we are doing and I think that we will make some progress in that. In terms of whether we are going to do a brand or in terms of performance marketing, I am not going to give away the playbook here. I will say though, we are absolutely doing the things I talked about in my prepared remarks in terms of obviously we do want to increase awareness, we obviously want to increase the total amount of supply, increase our alternative accommodation, doing all the things that are necessary to make sure we are getting the share of the business that we believe we should be getting.
Kevin Kopelman: Got it. That’s great. And then just a quick clarification on the statistic you gave about the past week being down 50%. Is that a year-over-year numbers and if you are looking at 2020 were those numbers affected by the initial COVID waves at all?
David Goulden: Kevin, as I said, everything is over two years number. We do…
Kevin Kopelman: Okay. Perfect.
David Goulden: … everything I gave you because that way you can you make a direct comparison with how things are doing relative to how they are doing in Q4 continues with this trend line. You can do the math yourself to figure what you meant on a year-on-year basis…
Kevin Kopelman: Okay.
David Goulden: … your number.
Kevin Kopelman: Perfect. And the regional numbers that you gave was that based on where the accommodation is located or where the customer is located?
David Goulden: We gave you regional flavor not color. That is typically based upon where the customer is located. It’s a book region view.
Kevin Kopelman: Perfect. Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Next up we have Eric Sheridan from UBS. Your line is open.
Eric Sheridan: Thank you so much. Maybe two if I can. Following up on the comments you have made around brand and maybe some of the changes we will see in digital advertising, whether it be first-party data or third-party data. How important do you see the concept of sort of aligning your brand with consumer maybe even build greater depth and loyalty and rewards programs going forward, especially if you are aiming again sort of a wider revenue pool and a wider product set, love to get your thoughts there Glenn? And where the world has begun to open up a little bit where you have some exposure. Can you give us a little bit of sense of how you sort of the pace of leaning back in to marketing channels and that deleverage that maybe you guys are calling out as things get better. Just so we can better understand a little bit of a timing mismatch there? Thanks so much.
Glenn Fogel: Yeah. So, Eric, loyalty is an important thing because it really talks about something that we talk about a lot is bringing people home direct to us and we have talked about this numerous times of how we believe getting people to come back to us directly is a critical part of the strategy going forward. And certainly one of the ways we do that is by providing our loyalty version, which is our genius plan at Booking.com which really does we believe give some real value to consumers and that’s something that we are going to continue on. Because in the end it costs an awful lot of money as we hope to get a new customer. It’s cheaper to keep them. So we are going to keep on doing all the things we can to keep people coming back direct. And you are right about first-party, it could be third-party and all these different ways that we worry about how we are going to get through to the come in the future, certainly important to get new customers, but also real important to keep them coming back. In regards to your second question, one of the things I mentioned how uncertain the world is right now and one of the things you are trying always to do is make sure you are spending money that that could create revenue. The only issue is you pay the money upfront, person books, but because so much of the business nowadays is being done on things that are cancellable. You don’t know when change happens all of a sudden money you spent it doesn’t end up in the increased revenue you thought it was and your ROI is very different. So we have to look at this very carefully and we are approaching it in a cautious way. But on the other hand, we don’t want to be slow to the increase in demand. That why we look at all the data very, very closely and that’s about the best I can say is that, that’s how we are handling it right now. We can’t say anything more than because we don’t know what the future is going to be quite yet.
David Goulden: And then, Glenn, just to build on that…
Eric Sheridan: Okay.
David Goulden: Eric, just to give you a little bit more color to the answer. The deleverage you mentioned in 2021 on performance marketing is not us calling ROIs per se. It’s to do with the timing that I talked about or the fact we expect to basically spend money in 2021 for lower revenue that will revenue in 2022 and that’s normal is what will drive the deleverage in 2021 we talked about for performance marketing just to clarify.
Eric Sheridan: Yeah. Understood. Thanks. Thanks for all the color.
Operator: Thank you. Next up we have Doug Anmuth from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Doug Anmuth: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. Glenn, just as travelers are coming back to the platform and some of them for the first time perhaps in several months or a year. I am just curious what you think you will see that’s most significant in terms of how the product has changed or the experience has changed, is it Connected Trip or something else? And then, secondly, just wanted to get your view on some of the subscription-based programs that we are seeing across the space for travelers? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: Sure. So one of things that somebody may not have seen before and we talked about last quarter is Booking.com selling flights, for example. That’s a great thing in the past we did do, now they have come back and look, they sell flights, which is a great thing. Another thing that we continue to build out our attractions area, now our people are actually buying attractions right now. We haven’t stopped creating more and more places and more and more content so that when people do come back we will have attraction they can buy from us. And what they obviously would see the way we are combining things and putting things together in the way we are trying to create value for our consumers. So I think that’s part of it and we are really still in the very, very early parts of this journey. But it’s something that is pretty excited to be. We are going see it build out and seeing those people are buying flights and such. In regards to the subscriptions model that people are still beginning to explore as such. I don’t really have a lot of comments on that. It’s something that different people are doing. We will see how it plays out. David, do you, if you want to say on that?
David Goulden: No. No. No further comments. We will see how they play out. I think our model the way we have it is that, is a model we think is certainly very attractive and has been successful for us, and as you say, well watch what happens in these other spaces.
Doug Anmuth: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next up we have Naved Khan from Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Naved Khan: Yeah. Hi. Thanks a lot. I just wanted to ask a question on air booking. So your air tickets sold number was positive and that in this kind of environment I think it’s pretty impressive. Maybe are there any insights you can share with in terms of the early results you might be seeing on integrating air tickets on your booking account side in Europe? And then the other question I had is just on the attractions and experiences. With the increases in selection that you are driving, is it mostly through partnerships or are you signing up your own direct relationships? How should we think about that?
Glenn Fogel: So, in terms of air bookings and question on lower model at the end, so I don’t cover completely. David you heard it better and fill out there. But, yes, we were pleased to see that cause number there. One of the things to point out is I just talked about little bit though in the past we didn’t have air tickets coming from Booking.com and from — and also by the way our Agoda brand also sells air tickets too. KAYAK of course has been selling air ticket since the start of the company more than two decades ago. So it’s easier when you add two more of our brands selling air tickets hadn’t done it in the past, have a positive number. And I want to point out this is very early and these are very, very, very small numbers. So it’s pleasant to see, but I wouldn’t take too much except that we are on our journey. In regards to attractions for Booking.com, yes, these are coming from third-party suppliers. We are partnering with them. They give us the inventory. So we sell it. We have a commercial relationship. We are pleased that’s the way to go forward. Again, one can be anything or scale and you decide which ones you want to do first, but it’s a lot, you can’t be everything. So it’s a lot easier when you want to do a lot more things to partner with other people for things for people already set up the things you need to get. So, I am pretty pleased about that. Again, I will be more pleased when people actually are back to traveling and start buying attractions. David, I don’t know if I missed anything on the air ticket [inaudible].
David Goulden: I think you got it, Glenn.
Naved Khan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next up we have Stephen Ju from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Stephen Ju: Okay. Thank you. So, Glenn, 20% of bookings running through your own payment rails suggests that is now 70% of your merchant bookings, so it seems like you are pretty close to full adoption there. So is this primarily for alternative accommodations or flights or are you seeing that higher platform usage because of other use cases whether it’s non-credit card users or otherwise? And I guess, over the coming months as you start more formally entering a recovery phase, it -- how we are going to feel like you are working at a hyper growth start up. So with that in mind, I mean you spent the last year restructuring and reducing headcount. So I wanted to get your latest thinking on whether you feel like you are properly resourced at this time or do you feel like you can spin up hiring and bump resources very quickly? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: So let me start with the second one and I will turn it over to David in terms of payments in case you want to add anything more related to that. In terms of people and we talked about this, we have been through restructuring and I think we both said in our prepared remarks how we are satisfied from where we are right now. But we also made the very important point, how much of the restructuring dealt with jobs that related to volume and that as volume comes back, we need to bring people into help cover the hopefully in a much more efficient way over time. So in terms of being a hyper start up, yeah, we -- look, we are always going incredibly hard in trying to get as much progress we count on our strategic vision, because we know that the travelers are going to come back and we want to get ahead of it as fast as we can so we can give the greatest value, the greatest -- different types of way to travel as soon as we can. I don’t see any major change in 2021, but we will see how fast business comes back and we will see what happens in 2022 and we will see the rate of progress in all our strategic different things we are working on. And I will let David talk about the payments platform.
David Goulden: Yeah. Payments, let me clarify, because I wasn’t quite sure what you said. But let me try and clarify where we are in payments in the evolution of our payment at Booking.com. So as we said in prepared remarks, the percentage of our gross bookings process on the payment platform at Booking.com was 23% last year. That’s up meaningfully from the 15% in 2019. That will mean that the vast majority of our bookings are not being processed via our payment transaction. They are still in the agency model. So we expect that payment adoption to continue to increase above the 22% this year and beyond. Payments is really super important for us for a number of reasons, because we think we can deliver benefits to our customers and our partners across all the different channels, hotels accommodations flights attractions, et cetera. It’s also very important to enable merchandise usually use select honest like based in certain markets and it’s also fundamental to enabling the Connected Trip where we want to have everything be able to be paid in one place. I think an update on where we all from an income statement point of view relative to the evolution of payments. I am pleased to say that the payment of Booking.com was approximately breakeven in 2020. We said in prior years we are still making some of the investment in the platform and we are focused upon still scale it out, but expect to stay in that breakeven level as we scale out and grow the payments platform from here. Obviously, with some potential minor differences year-in, year-out, we are now our breakeven situation on our payment platform should update from where we were before.
Stephen Ju: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Mario Lu from Barclays. Your line is open.
Mario Lu: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. I have two on alternate accommodations. So I believe you mentioned the segment had a healthy profit margin throughout 2019. So as we look forward to 2021 and beyond, how should we think about how quickly you can close the gap between the alternative accommodation margins compared to hotels? And secondly, you guys that you are trying to pick the single home supply in the U.S. How would you describe the strategy there, mostly investing kind of your own sales force or is it through acquisitions? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: So they actually go a little together those two questions, because one of the things I believe why we didn’t have a healthy profit as you pointed out, was perhaps because we didn’t have as much of it makes of the single home property, because single home does cost more for the company because you do end up with more contacts. It is just by nature. It is not as professionally run and you end up with more costs. So we do though, now that it is a product that people want and we need to have and we need to have more of it. That’s absolutely correct. The briefing about this though it is a trend towards more professionalization of that single home property where the person who in the past made down onto our platform and just signed up on their own and try to orchestrate it all by themselves. What you are seeing in the industry is more and more people who want to rent out their single properties going to different people who will do it for them, who will handle all the elements of it and those people who are running these kind of we will call it channel managers, but they are like a channel managers as they are able to bring these different single property owners and put amount of this site that is able to direct debt to provide that supply to us or to somebody else. The briefing about it is these people are much more professionalized and they are more easy to deal with. They are able to understand the right things you need to do. So because of that professionalization of the industry, I believe we will be able to pick up more of the single home properties faster than we had to in the past. In regards to M&A since you know we don’t comment on future M&A activity.
Mario Lu: That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of Jason Bazinet from Citi. Your line is open.
Jason Bazinet: Yeah. I just had two questions. If I positive COVID is going to cause alternative to be larger than otherwise would be and cause business travel will be structurally lower than otherwise would be what is the implication for your business as we move to Connected Trip and payments in a more forceful way? Can you just, you mind just expanding on that a bit?
Glenn Fogel: So we will go with the hypothetical, as somebody out there listen to say what I really think is happening here. So people hoops perhaps in the past never would have thought of using alternative accommodations perhaps last summer they didn’t use it or they looked at it or something and now it is in a consideration set. So going forward, what has happened is now there is a much larger amount of supply for any travelers going look at and what that means is any individual supplier in the marketplace is now facing more competition. Now a distributor talked about earlier why there has been official to the distributor now. In our business which is so great because we have both a great amount of the home product that alternative accommodations and one of the largest people have the hotels. So we have this great saying where the consumer when they come, they can come to one place us and able to compare and contrast all different types, all the different prices. Understand all the different continents review is being left by previously stated. That give us a great, great benefit. So I am pleased with the way it is happening. And I -- we will go back what will have and how much will the mix be of home in the future versus hotel. I don’t know any can really guess. I think over many years we have seen the trend going more and more people interested in alternative accommodations the pandemic step function up higher. I know that’s not going to be a pause, maybe a dip down or continue upward, I don’t know. But from my point of view, it’s not that relevant in the sense that we provide both and we are going to keep getting both. So for me, I am feeling pretty good about it.
Jason Bazinet: And on the enterprise side, B2B travel?
Glenn Fogel: Well, the -- B2B travel, I don’t think there’s a lot of talk about that. David, I didn’t hear exactly what the question was, maybe you did.
David Goulden: I didn’t hear it either, so why don’t you clarify the question.
Glenn Fogel: Yeah. B2B question -- B2b question, yeah, just repeat it.
Jason Bazinet: Yeah. The question was, if COVID causes a structural shift in B2B travel, how does that influence sort of your focus on payments and focus on the Connected Trip? Is it good, is it bad, does it have no bearing sort of on your level of investment and enthusiasm around those two long-term initiatives?
Glenn Fogel: When you say B2B travel…
Jason Bazinet: Business travel. Business travel.
Glenn Fogel: Business travel, got it. Okay. Okay. Got it. Look, I have been saying for a long time. I think that it’s going to be a while before corporate travel picks up the same way leisure will pick up. It’s going to be…
Jason Bazinet: Yeah.
Glenn Fogel: It’s going to take longer and as a share of total travel it may never get back.
Jason Bazinet: Okay.
Glenn Fogel: In which case, yes, eventually because businesses will continue to grow and the industry obviously people travel, eventually business travel will be larger in an absolute measure than in the past, but it may always be a smaller share. We don’t really know yet, but certainly the trends are going to go that way. What that does to certain our high ADR hotels that catered to the business traveler. Do they have to make some shifts?
Jason Bazinet: Yeah.
Glenn Fogel: Because they are not going to get those as many of those high ADR customers anymore and they need to get more leisure travelers. Well, we have a higher percentage of leisure travelers and business travelers. We are again that point where people can come and get that leisure demand. So again it’s another thing what I feel good about our long future.
Jason Bazinet: Super helpful. Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. And that is all the time that we have for today. I will turn the call over back to our CEO, Mr. Glenn Fogel for any closing remarks.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. So, in closing, I want to note, there it’s been a little more than a year since the pandemic began and we have said we lost 500,000 mothers, fathers, brothers and sisters, grandparents and so tragically children in the United States alone and globally more than 4 million lives have been lost, our hearts go out to all of them. I also want to reiterate my deepest condolences to the family and friends of Arne Sorenson, as well as to the entire Marriott organization. He left a profound mark on the travel industry and will be greatly missed. And it is so sad he will not see the recovery in the industry that he dedicated his life to and the travel industry will recover, and we are working so very hard to bring travel back as fast as we can. So I want to end by giving one last thank you to our partners, our customers and most of all to our dedicated employees who throughout the horrible year of 2020 rose to the challenge, met it and got us to where we are today, well positioned for a better tomorrow. Thank you. Please be safe. Good night.
Operator: Thank you so much ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you all for joining. You may now all disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-05 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Booking Holdings Third Quarter 2020 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical facts are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings' actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the safe harbor statement at the end of the Booking Holdings' earnings press release, as well as Booking Holdings' most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings' earnings press release together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings' website, www.bookingholdings.com. And now, I'd like to introduce Booking Holdings speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and David Goulden. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. And welcome to Booking Holdings' third quarter conference call. I'm joined this afternoon by our CFO, David Goulden. While the impact of COVID-19 continues to weigh heavily on our results, we were pleased to see a sequential improvement in trends in our third quarter, which is our seasonally largest, and by far, most profitable quarter. The reported room nights, which includes the impact of cancellations, were down 43% year-over-year in the third quarter, which was a marked improvement from the 87% decrease we experienced in the second quarter. Continued pressure on ADRs in the quarter slightly offset by 1 point FX benefit, led gross bookings and revenue decline by about 4 percentage points more than room nights.  We recorded approximately $1 billion of adjusted EBITDA in the quarter, which was an improvement from the $376 million loss we reported in Q2, but this was 60% lower than in the third quarter last year.  As our results show, we are operating significantly below pre-COVID levels. However, we were encouraged by an improvement versus the second quarter, and we're pleased to see travelers and supply partners connecting through our platforms as they emerge from this spring's first wave of coronavirus infections. Delivering these results in what continues to be an extremely challenging and unpredictable environment is a credit to our team's relentless efforts to provide the best value and service to our traveler customers and supply partners.  The improvement in booking trends in the third quarter versus the second quarter was almost entirely driven by domestic travel with a very modest improvement in international travel. As we noted last quarter, our domestic business is benefiting from government restrictions on international travel, which forces consumers who want to travel they have to do it domestically. We believe the improvements in trends we've seen in this challenging environment demonstrate people's deep desire to find a way to travel with Q3 results benefiting from some pent-up demand after the lockdowns in Q2. Looking more closely to the shape of the quarter, the year-over-year decline in reportedly nights was relatively consistent each month of Q3 as the steady improvement in global trends that we saw from April through July flattened out in August and September. In October, reported room nights declined by about 58% compared to October 2019, and over the last seven days through yesterday, declined by about 70%.  We believe this worsening result is driven by increased virus infections and certain governments reimposing public health related restrictions. We believe that travel will continue to be greatly affected by infection trends and governments’ public health responses. David will provide some more color on the regions in his remarks. As we think about the full fourth quarter, it's difficult to predict exactly what the next two months will look like in terms of travel demand, as we enter the winter months in the Northern Hemisphere amid rising COVID case counts in many areas. Given the trends we're currently seeing, we believe that year-over-year room night decline to be greater in Q4 than what we observed in October. If this turns out to be the case, it will be a very challenging for us to reach profitability in Q4. Despite the expected challenging fall and winter ahead of us, I remain confident in the long-term outlook for both our industry and our company. I strongly believe that people have an innate desire to travel, which will ultimately drive a recovery out of this crisis. When we think about the timing and shape of this recovery, we continue to believe that a key milestone will be a widely distributed vaccine or effective treatment, which will give people confidence that it is safe to travel. While we're encouraged by the news of progress being made on this front, we understand it will take time to produce and distribute any vaccine on a global basis to achieve effectiveness. I'm also encouraged to see some governments such as Japan and Thailand taking concrete incentives to incentivize travel. More programs like these and increased cooperative action from governments around the world would help accelerate the travel recovery. One of the progress we're seeing leaves me optimistic on the long-term outlook for our industry. I continue to recognize there'll likely be years and not quarters before the travel market returns to pre-COVID volumes. In the meantime, we continue to execute against a series of plans to navigate the company through these challenging times, and lay the important groundwork that will set us up to emerge from the pandemic in a position of strength. As we previously discussed, we've assessed our total cost structure, and developed plans to align it with expected market demand over the next few quarters. This work is complete at KAYAK, OpenTable, Agoda and Priceline. And we started to see some of the associated $80 million of annual cost savings [paid] in during the third quarter. We are making progress with our initiatives to reduce the workforce at Booking.com by up to approximately 25% with an associated annualized savings estimated between $250 million to $300 million. We've been taking restructuring action at Booking.com in various countries. And in some countries, we've implemented voluntary labor schemes. We are continuing to work with our works councils, employee representatives and other organizations to finalize plans in other countries. It is our hope to make the vast majority of the announcements to employees about these personnel reductions by the end of 2020. It's important to stress that these personnel restructuring decisions are difficult, and we do not take them lightly. Given the expected timeframe of the recovery that we have discussed, we believe that our restructuring plans are the correct actions for the company in order to right size the business.  In addition to our cost reduction actions, we remain focused on positioning the business to capture more travel demand as it develops during recovery and over the long-term. Part of this effort is continuing to build towards our long-term vision of the connected trips, seamless multi-product offering, which we believe will ultimately improve the customer experience on our platform, and drive enhanced loyalty and frequency over time.  In addition, we believe offering other travel products will provide opportunities through merchandising and customer acquisition to enhance the growth of our core accommodation business. Booking.com is continuing to take important early steps to build a flight product, and recently announced the launch of flights on Booking.com in the U.S. We see flights as a key component of the connected trip. It is an obvious opportunity for us to remove friction in the booking process for our customers. The connected trip vision of providing this frictionless customer experience we brought together by a seamless payment network, which we continue to develop and extend to more of our supply partners. We strongly believe that developing these payment capabilities has valuable benefits for both our bookers and supply partners, including potentially lower payment costs for our suppliers. Also, we will continue to work closely with our supply partners to help them respond to this environment, and more effectively market their properties on our platform in order to capture more travel demand as it returns over time. Finally, let me address the matter that we are following closely and that many of you may have questions about. The European Commission is working on a new regulatory framework for the digital economy, which, among other things, proposes to designate some large online companies who operate across Europe as gatekeepers and to establish rules and regulations for these businesses. The criteria for being a gatekeeper and the associated rules and regulations are in development. So the potential impact is difficult to estimate at this time. There have been questions and speculations that Booking.com maybe one of the designated gatekeepers, which we firmly believe would be incorrect for a number of reasons. The principal reason is that the accommodations market in Europe is very open and very competitive. Consumers have multiple online and offline choices to book accommodations and accommodation providers have multiple online and offline channels for our customers.  To put this into perspective, Booking.com booked about 7% of all potentially bookable accommodation room nights across all properties on our platform globally in 2019. Across Europe, that number was about 11%. As I mentioned, a new European regulatory framework is under development, and we will update you on developments during future calls. In conclusion, we believe we are responding well to this pandemic crisis. We are providing great service to our customers and are working with our supply partners so that together we can get them as much business as possible during these difficult days. I think it’s been clearly sad that we had to let go and are still in the process of letting go so many dedicated hard working people. But it is a necessary step. And we expect to have some challenging quarters ahead of us. As I said before, we believe it will take years for travel to fully recover. However, I am confident in our team's ability to execute during these unprecedented times and continue to deliver value to our traveler customers and supply partners alike and to emerge from this crisis on a strong footing.  I will now turn the call over to our CFO, David Goulden.
David Goulden : Thank you, Glenn, and good afternoon. I will review our operating results for the third quarter and provide some color on the trends we saw through the quarter and into October. All growth rates are relative to the prior year comparable period unless otherwise indicated. Information regarding reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP can be found in our earnings release.  Now on to our results for the quarter. On our last earnings call in August, we discussed the trends that we saw throughout the second quarter and into July, including the year-over-year decline in newly booked room nights steadily improving from about 85% in April to about 35% in July, driven by increased levels of domestic travel.  As a reminder, newly booked nights -- newly booked room nights excluded impact of cancellations. As Glenn noted, the steady improvements in global trends that we saw from April to July flattened out in August and September, resulting in our newly booked room nights declining about 37% for the full quarter. Our Q3 reported room night, which included the impact of cancellations, decreased 43% for the full quarter, which is worse than our newly booked room night decline in the quarter as the cancellation rates remained above prior year levels. This improvement in room night declines versus Q2 was helped by pent-up demand from lockdowns and other travel restrictions earlier in the year. At a regional level, we saw North America continue to improve as we moved throughout the third quarter. However, this improvement was offset by softening trends in Europe. Room night declines in Asia were consistent throughout Q3. Unfortunately, as we moved into September, we saw COVID case counts climbing higher in many European countries, and governments beginning to respond with imposition of travel restrictions. This difficult pattern continued throughout the month of October, leading to a further slowdown in bookings in Europe. In October, we also saw a slowdown in North America, while the room night declines in Asia remained consistent with Q3. And as a result, global newly booked room nights through October were down about 50% year-over-year, and reported room nights for October were down about 58%. Over the last 7 days through yesterday, these trends have further deteriorated with newly booked room nights declining about 58% year-over-year and reported room nights declining about 70% year-on-year. This is the global average, and in Europe, these decline rates are much higher. These recent trends are a reminder that this is a fragile recovery and that we're now seeing a second dip in our business driven by COVID. We believe that the recent increase in COVID cases in Europe and the U.S., coupled with cold weather and travel restrictions in these geographies, will result -- will likely result in the second dip being U-shaped and lasting until the early spring of 2021. Domestic room nights represented over 70% of our newly booked room nights in both Q3 and in October, up significantly versus 2019, which was about 45%. After growing year-on-year in the third quarter, our newly booked domestic room night reverted back to a year-over-year decline in October. Booking.com's domestic alternative accommodation newly booked room nights also decreased year-over-year in October after increasing nicely in the third quarter. Our October reported room night decline, which includes the impact of cancellations, was worse than our newly booked room night decline in the month as the cancellation rates remained above prior year levels. Although we saw continued improvement in the cancellation rate through the third quarter, this trend also reversed course in October. Given the recent high COVID case counts and increased travel restrictions, we expect to see further pressure on cancellation rates for the remainder of the fourth quarter, especially considering the percentage of our recent bookings that are being made with flexible cancellation policies that remains higher than the prior year. We continue to monitor other changes in Booking.com's customer booking behavior. In Q3, we continued to see an increase in the mix of customers booking alternative accommodations versus the prior year levels. However, as we progressed through the quarter and into October, we saw this increase in the alternative accommodation share moderate. Booking.com's alternative accommodations represented approximately one-third of all new bookings in the quarter. We've also seen the length of the booking window contract in the third quarter after expanding versus the prior year in the second quarter as customers made a higher share of bookings in both quarters to stay in the peak summer period. The booking window continued to shrink versus last year in October as customers focused on their short-term travel needs.  Mobile bookings, particularly through our app, continued to gain share in the third quarter and October. And finally, we continue to see greater than 50% of our newly booked room nights coming to us through direct channel. Gross bookings declined 47% in Q3, which is a greater decline than reported room nights due to the average daily rates for accommodations decreasing about 8% year-on-year on a constant currency basis. As a point of comparison, on newly booked room night ADRs, excluding the impact of cancellations, declined year-over-year by only a couple of percentage points in Q3. An increasing mix of bookings in higher ADR markets like Western Europe and the U.S. helped offset -- wide offset the pressure of the broader lodging industry ADR declines. Consolidated revenue for the third quarter was $2.6 billion and decreased 48% year-over-year, about in line with the gross booking decline. Adjusted EBITDA of $1 billion in Q3 was down 60% year-on-year. And while we significantly reduced our variable cost lines like marketing and sales and other, our more fixed expenses decreased, to a lesser extent, in Q3. As Glenn mentioned, we continued our actions in the quarter to reduce operating expenses as we optimized and aligned our cost structure with the new demand environment. However, for 2020, we expect the savings recognized in our personnel expense line related to these actions will be more than offset by charges reported in the restructuring and other exit costs line. Marketing expense, which is a highly variable expense line, decreased 48% year-over-year as we saw a significant reduction in demand in the paid channels. In addition, we substantially reduced our brand marketing spend in response to the diminished travel environment. We expect our marketing expense to remain significantly below 2019 levels in the fourth quarter. Sales and other expenses decreased 53% year-over-year primarily due to reduction in expenses associated with payment transactions, a reduction in the provision for bad debt and credit losses as we saw an improvement in our collection rates relative to our prior expectations as well as lower outsourced customer service costs as we needed less support in processing reduced transaction volumes. We expect sales and other expenses will continue to be down year-over-year in the fourth quarter. However, the extent of this decline will be impacted by the level of volume we see in the business. Personnel expenses decreased 9% year-over-year primarily due to lower bonus accruals and reduced headcount. The restructuring actions we completed at Agoda, KAYAK OpenTable and Priceline benefited the personnel expenses by approximately $20 million in the third quarter. Additionally, personnel expenses benefited from $22 million in government aid packages primarily related to programs we were already participating in within the Netherlands and the UK. Currently, we do not anticipate further material benefits to personnel expenses from government aid in future quarters, and we expect that personnel expenses in the fourth quarter will decline about the same as it did in the third quarter. G&A expenses decreased 34% year-over-year largely driven by reduced discretionary expenses such as T&E and other personnel-related expenses, lower indirect taxes as well as lower office expenses due to employees working remotely. We expect that G&A will continue to be down meaningfully year-over-year in the fourth quarter, about in line with the decline we saw in the third quarter. Information technology expenses were up 1% year-over-year. We expect that IT expenses will be up slightly versus the prior year in the fourth quarter. Finally, we've broken out restructuring charges separately in operating expenses in the P&L. The $41 million in restructuring charge we recorded in the third quarter primarily relates to rightsizing activities at Booking.com. I note that these restructuring charges are included in our non-GAAP results. With respect to Booking.com, in September, we initiated the first wave of restructuring actions in over 40 countries, which did not include the UK and the Netherlands, where Booking.com continues to consolidate its works councils and employee representatives. We currently estimate that the remaining restructuring charge related to actions at Booking.com will be approximately $100 million, some of which we expect to record in the fourth quarter and the rest into early 2021. At this time, and subject to our consultation with the Dutch Works Council, employee representatives and other organizations, we currently estimate that these collective cost reductions plus attrition at Booking.com could impact up to about 25% of the global workforce and could produce annualized run rate personnel savings between $250 million and $300 million, which we expect to be almost fully phased-in in the second quarter of 2021. Again, these estimates may change, and we'll update you in the coming months. It's our hope to make the vast major of announcements to employees affected by these personnel reductions by the end of 2020. Our non-GAAP EPS was $12.27, down 73% versus the prior year. Non-GAAP net income reflects a non-GAAP tax rate of 41%, which is significantly higher than Q3 last year due to the impact of disproportionate non-deductible expenses, including SBC relative to a low projected full year pre-tax earnings estimates. On a GAAP basis, we had operating income of $315 million in Q3 as our GAAP operating expenses in the quarter included a charge of $573 million related to an impairment of goodwill for OpenTable and KAYAK. This non-cash impairment charge is driven by reduced financial projections and a longer expected recovery for KAYAK and OpenTable due to COVID-19 pandemic. We recorded GAAP net income of $801 million in the quarter as we benefited from an unrealized $730 million pre-tax gain on our equity investments primarily related to our investment in Meituan. In addition, we recorded a $64 million pre-tax expense in the quarter related to our French and Italian tax matters. There was also $117 million of FX remeasurement losses on our euro bonds. We excluded the impairments to tax expense, the unrealized gains and the remeasurement losses from our non-GAAP results. Now on to our cash and liquidity position. Our Q3 ending cash and investments balance increased to $14.9 billion while June ending balance was $13.4 billion due to positive operating cash flow as well as the unrealized gain on our long-term investments. We generated $920 million of operating cash flow and $848 million of free cash flow in the quarter, both down approximately 50% versus the prior year. Change in working capital represented a use of cash of about $300 million in the quarter driven by seasonal effects and the impact this had in the third quarter due to a high concentration of check-ins, which resulted in an increase in our accounts receivable balance. We'll continue to focus on maintaining a strong liquidity position given the high level of uncertainty created by the COVID pandemic. And consistent with our comments last quarter, we've halted repurchase of our stock and will not initiate repurchases until we have better visibility into the shape and timing of a recovery. Now on to our thoughts for the fourth quarter. Consistent with our approach last quarter, I will not provide full quarterly guidance, but instead, we'll provide you some additional color from our preliminary October results, which will help give you a better sense of our recent top line trends. As I mentioned earlier, our newly booked room nights and reported room nights in October declined year-over-year about 50% and 58%, respectively, and at higher rates in the last week. Room night declines for the fourth quarter will likely vary from October's results, especially considering the recent rise of COVID-19 cases and imposition of travel restrictions and the impact that will have on the level of travel demand and cancellations in November and December. We expect the room night declines in November, December will be worse than they were in October. We expect gross bookings in the fourth quarter will decline year-over-year by several percentage points more than our reported room nights due to negative pressure on local currency ADRs, and we expect that revenue declines in the quarter will be several percentage points less than the decline in gross bookings primarily due to book to stay timing differences similar to what we saw during the first wave of the pandemic. Given our expectations for further reductions in room night growth from October, coupled with continued ADR pressures, we expect it will be very challenging to reach a positive adjusted EBITDA in the fourth quarter.  On a more positive note, if we compare our internal outlook for the full year 2020 now with where we were when we spoke to you in August, we're ahead on all major income statement and cash flow metrics. In conclusion, as Glenn emphasized, we are quite pleased with our third quarter results in a challenging environment. And while we expect the fourth quarter to be an even more difficult environment, we have confidence that we will continue to execute against what we can control. We made some difficult decisions and taken a number of actions that will help us optimize the business. We have confidence that through these actions, we'll emerge from the crisis in a stronger position.  We'll now take your questions. So Laura, can you please open the line for Q&A?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question will come from the line of Brian Nowak from Morgan Stanley.
Alex Wang : This is Alex Wang on for Brian. First, can you just -- I appreciate all the details on alternative accommodation. But can you give us a sense of how that business is doing globally sort of year-to-date? And what do you see as the main sort of investment priorities for that business, whether it may be supply or branding? And then second, I appreciate all the comments on the Booking.com launch of flights in the U.S. Maybe talk to us a little bit what you're seeing in early tests or any early learnings? And any other areas where you might want to expand to in the U.S., whether maybe packages or you talked about payments as well?
Glenn Fogel : Sure, Alex. It's Glenn speaking. Why don't I take -- we'll go in reverse order. I'm going to talk around flights, I’ll talk a little bit about the alternative accommodation strategy and where we're going, and then I'll let Dave if he wants to talk to you about what you want in terms of year-to-date. So talking about the things we're doing with flights. We just started it for Booking.com in the States. So it's very, very, very early. But as I've always talked about this connected trip vision, flights is a very important part of it. Many people start with flights. So we believe that it's going to be an important way to get more customers into our funnel and see all the great offerings we have. Now payments is a very important part of our overall connected trip because, one thing, if you want to offer up, for example, a package, as you discussed, which we do want to offer at -- when we get to it, you have to have a payment platform. You've got to be able to do that because you can't combine into at one price, if you're not willing to able to take all the money from the customer upfront and then distribute to the different suppliers. That's the way to do it. So these things are very important to us, and it's early, but I am pleased to see us up and running. And later on, we'll be able to come back to you, hopefully, with some numbers and give you some -- in the future, some idea of how it's doing. Regarding alternative accommodation, it's clearly an important part of the business. We talked about it last quarter, how, many people in the second quarter went for alternate accommodations when you compare it back to the 2019 numbers because for the reasons that we talked about in terms of safety, people wanting to feel that they were weren't a big crowd, a lot of the issues we talked about last time. That's important around the world. And we've always talked about how important it is to offer up to our customers every single type of accommodation they may want. And we know by having more selection, that improves the proposition to the consumer. So we're continuing to do that. Now I've also talked about how, particularly in certain geographies like the U.S., we were not getting as much of the inventory as we should have and that we know is needed in certain types of alternative accommodations, primarily the individual home unit, and we continue to build that out, too, because we know people want that one, too. So strategy is to continue to build that out and make sure that we're offering the customer what they want, when they want it.  And David, I don't know if you want to give anything in terms of this question about year-to-date.
David Goulden : Yes. I can provide a little extra color, Glenn, and Alex, in response to the question. Perhaps it’s just the best way to talk about things in the third quarter because the USA numbers are really skewed pretty much by what's happened so far this year in Q1 and Q2. So just to remind you, we have over [6.5 million] listings in the alternative space. We mentioned that we saw a growth in Q3 in our domestic business. And to give a little bit more context around that, within the domestic business, alternative accommodations grew low double-digits, whereas the rest of the business or the core business grew low single-digits. So that kind of gives you a spread for how they did relative to each other in the third quarter. The area we saw the biggest improvements in alternative accommodations growth vis-à-vis what we saw in the second quarter was in Europe, just another data point.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Kevin Kopelman from Cowen.
Kevin Kopelman : I was hoping if you could just dig into the trends and the situation a little bit in Europe that you described from the past week. Can you just kind of walk us through how far along we are in the process of the countries kind of locking down or shutting down, maybe compare that to April and what's going on in the business, specifically in Europe, just so we understand how far along we are in that process? That would be reflected in those numbers you gave us.
Glenn Fogel : Sure. Thank you, Kevin, for the question. It's obviously a very hard thing to answer because none of us are actually in the governmental meetings that are making these decisions on what to do in terms of lockdowns, how strict to be, when you're going to say you're going to open it up and they're making those projections now and they could very easily change. And people are even changing what they say week-to-week, day-to-day. And we see each day there's a new pronouncement by a new government. What we can say, though, is when these restrictions are put up, we do get cancellations right away, of course, for people who are planning to travel to certain regions. And that, obviously, is going to impact our as-booked room nights.  Certainly, people also say, "Hey, I'm not going to make a new booking. I was going to make that new booking. I'm not going to do it because either, A, I'm not going to be able to travel there; or B, I'm concerned that, that area is going to be restricted or where I'm leaving from could be restricted." Now compared to April, though, I think there's a sense that I've gotten some thoughts about from some of the people who are involved in talking to our public affairs field, talking to governments, et cetera, is that they're trying to do it in a more selective way. Everybody knows the impact on the economies that a full lockdown, complete lockdown can do. So the governments are doing their best to try and not do complete lockdowns. But travel is always something that is immediately looked at as a potential increase in infections because people come from different regions. So I feel that we are still going to have a lot of disruption due to these very, very steep increasing infection rates. And I can't give you anything more than that. I don't know -- unless David, do you have anything you'd want to add?
David Goulden : I just want to add, I think you said it upfront, Glenn, but just to be clear that right now, the declines that we're seeing in Europe, they're obviously worse than the global average numbers I gave you, but they're not as deep as we were back in April, just to be clear. But we do see the shape of things being a little different as well. We think -- we obviously saw -- witnessed April was much more of a deep V in terms of the shape of the first wave as those -- the shock back in the long-term bookings that were on the book got canceled. We believe that we're going into more of a U-shaped trend environment for the rest of the winter, what we hopefully is deep. But of course, the winter months are also a factor because in the North Hemisphere, particularly in Europe, it's much harder to travel to warm weather without getting on a plane. So the substitution effect we saw in the third quarter from international to domestic are probably going to be less in the winter months than we were able to enjoy in the third quarter. There are a few factors going on. But just to reinforce, it is worse than the average, but not quite yet as bad as we were in April.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Lloyd Walmsley from Deutsche Bank. 
Chris Kuntarich: This is Chris on for Lloyd. You guys have made some comments earlier on about performance marketing as well as cancellation rates starting to step up. Could you just talk a little bit about your ability to deploy performance marketing dollars in 4Q as those cancellation rates step up? How should we think about kind of balancing that with the shorter booking windows as well? And then just specific to the U-shaped recovery that you guys are talking about, are you making any vaccine or any additional assumptions? I know, David, you just kind of walked through some of them, but anything else we should think about there?
Glenn Fogel : So Chris, on the performance marketing, you're smart to point out the fact that cancellations is going to impact the ROI significantly. So when we start seeing virus rates going up, we are immediately taking action that we don't want to be paying for a whole bunch of clicks that are not going to end up in revenue. Even if they end up in a booking, the booking gets canceled and you end up how you spent the money for nothing. So absolutely, there's a direct relationship. And as virus rates go up, as restrictions follow up in terms of restricting travel, we are immediately readjusting our expectation in terms of our performance marketing. So that is absolutely correct. In terms of the yield, we have not made any call in terms of when a vaccine is going to be declared effective and safe, nor how long it will take to be distributed or not. I think everybody, though, has read all the news about these things. I don't think anybody is expecting a large distribution or global distribution anytime soon, so certainly not nearly in the first quarter. So we're not based on our decisions on that at all. We are hopeful, though, that we've seen what happened in the spring, and we saw government actions did help, and we saw what happened in the summer. There was that rebound, pent-up demand. So we're hopeful. And David, you made the curve. So you can explain further on how we came up with what we are -- why we're doing what we're doing.
David Goulden : Well, I think, Glenn, you summarized it well. But I think that we just believe that there won't be much change in the environment in Europe and maybe in North America through the winter months. We believe that, hopefully, that when we get to the early spreading, that might be coupled with more progress towards a vaccine or vaccines. We're not making a call on when one is going to become available, as Glenn said, but hopefully, there'll be better news. But also there'll be better weather and people thinking about the spring and the ability to travel again and the prospects of warmer climates, warm weather to come. And we expect that will hopefully be kind of the slope up on the U. We are optimistic that when we see the recovery, it will be a strong recovery in the spring, as I think we saw it was in the summer this year.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Eric Sheridan from UBS. 
Eric Sheridan : Maybe I can broaden out the question on advertising. Glenn, how far are you in terms of what you want to accomplish over the medium to long-term in realigning your marketing channels and making sure you're maximizing for ROI? And maybe if you could just give us a little bit of color on some of the payments, while it's a low end demand environment that you might be sort of testing and learning and thinking about in terms of realigning for some of the outcomes you're looking for in a multi-year view? And maybe just a little bit additional color on some of the direct mobile booking activity you're seeing, that's quite promising for the long-term.
Glenn Fogel : Sure. So in terms of the long-term view of marketing, so as you all know, we built our company based on performance marketing. We also know, though, that we need to increase awareness in certain geographies, and we've always talked about being able to do that with -- from a brand perspective. One of the things that we just tested out and is very small, very small in the States, a digital brand campaign. You may have seen it, America is For Everybody. And we did it on a digital base. That was a digital brand effect to see how that would do. You may have seen the print version in the New York Times, not very digital but having an actual printed thing, but very low cost, and we thought it's very important to get that out, really what our values are as a company and what we stand for.  But it certainly is important that we get that awareness out there, 2 areas where we are, let's say, that we are under-indexing like the States. And we'll continue to do that as demand comes back, coming up with the different ways and always testing. We're always testing and digitally, you can do it better in terms of figuring out what your ROI is or not. Of course, the most important thing for us always is providing great service, and all the things we talked about, the great price, the great selection, the great customer service. If we can get the loyalty, people come back directly, instead always having to pay all that money for marketing to get people to come back. Get people to come directly is really the ultimate goal, of course. In terms of mobile, David, why don't you want to take that one, if you want to give anything further in terms of where that is?
David Goulden : Yes. Thanks, Glenn. No additional hard data points to provide now. But just to give you a little color, obviously, we said several quarters ago, we were over 50% mobile, and that's continued to increase in a positive direction. And we are pleased with the fact that the app, it continues to be a very major part of the mobile business but also increasing in line with the growth in mobile. So at the appropriate time, we'll give you a few more data points on that. But we're not quite ready to break those out today, but they are trending positively. And to Glenn's point, particularly with the app, not just as a place where we can get more direct business, but also a place where, essentially, the customer trip -- the customer connected trip will actually live and we can interact not just during the booking process but also during the trip as well in a very real way. We can also deliver the multi-product capabilities. That is super important. So we're pleased to see that move in the right direction.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Doug Anmuth from JPMorgan.
Dae Lee : This is Dae on for Doug. I have two. First one is that given your strategy of having all property types in the single platform, can you get an update on the work that you guys are doing to surface the right property type to the right traveler at the right time? And how are you messaging the travelers who have certain property types in mind? And then my second question is on -- what's your view on overall competitive environment right now. Are you seeing that competition is holding up better or worse than previously expected through these challenging times?
Glenn Fogel : So let me take the second one. I'll let David take the first one. I didn't hear it so well. In terms of the overall competitive market, the travel business has always been extremely competitive. And whether there's a terrible lack of demand because of a pandemic, or it's boom times, back -- just -- it's hard to believe, but just a year ago or so, the competition continues to exist. And in fact, it's interesting because the European Commission, the regulators who are talking about that potential new regulations coming out, interestingly, they put out a report only a few weeks ago. And in the report, it’s mentioned, in fact, that online travel is considered a fiercely competitive market. So clearly, regulators recognize that, too. And I don't think it's changed at all in terms of the fact that there's a lot less demand than there used to be. I think it's always competitive and always will be. Yes, David, the first part?
David Goulden : I'm sorry. Back to the first question, just kind of how we match property type to travel. I mean, that really is what our business is all about. And you could see property type to travel or travel to property type. And obviously, we do that very dynamically. So we're, of course, using machine learning and artificial intelligence. The more you visited our sites or site, the more we know about you. Therefore, we're going to optimize our results to your search to kind of match your prior needs and behavior. But of course, more recently for both the traveler and the accommodation, we'd be focused much more upon the domestic market opportunities, letting our suppliers make themselves available and attractive to our travelers. If you spent any time on our site recently, particularly Booking.com, you'll see that there's extensive information that the properties can put in now about what they've done across a number of dimensions to handle safety and health during the pandemic. So it's absolutely kind of just a core premise of how the business operates that we intelligently do that mapping and matching.  Now of course, because we have the benefit of having a very, very broad range of both traditional hotels and alternative accommodations on the same platform, we can let people filter, search, compare side-by-side on a very comparable basis. And we think that provides a unique value to a lot of our customers. But as you would expect, we've been optimizing and modifying that quite a lot. And if you search for something this time this year and compare it to this time last year because of the pandemic, you get very different priority results coming back to you.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Justin Post from Bank of America. .
Justin Post : Your main competitor is talking about some pretty big cost savings that they're going to be able to achieve when you look out. I'm just wondering if you can give us -- looking to the other side, how you're thinking about margins. I know in '19, your EBITDA margins were high 30s. But do you think this is an opportunity for the whole industry to get more profitable? And would you think about your margins being higher when you get back to kind of those levels of bookings?
Glenn Fogel : David, why don't you take that in terms of our long-term thoughts about margin?
David Goulden : Yes. Sure, Justin. Let me give you a couple of thoughts here. So first of all, we expect our business to have very attractive, and continue to have industry-leading margins when demand fully returns. There'll be a couple of puts and takes. So for example, as we build into new products like air, those will be dilutive to the margin rates, but obviously, healthy margin dollars and important to our business and strategy. And things like payments, again, will be diluted to the margin rate, but will contribute margin dollars. You have to take that into account in thinking about the long-term future. But as I said, we expect to have industry-leading margins in the long-term. Between now and when we get back to full recovery, there'll be some puts and takes. Obviously, for example, as we grow rapidly, as we expect to over the next few years, as the industry recovers, we will incur marketing expenses related to our bookings prior to those bookings turning into revenue. So during those periods of reacceleration, there'll be some downward pressure on our operating margins as we kind of build that book of business again. As I said, in the long-term, we expect to be very well positioned.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Mark Mahaney from RBC.
Mark Mahaney: Okay. Just wondering if you could talk about more recent trends you're seeing in Europe. And I apologize, I'm sure you covered this part on the call, but if you could just repeat it now or provide any more color, especially in the wake of the recent lockdowns, is that already -- do you know is that already having a shift in how people are traveling? And have you seen this kind of sustained shift over to alternative accommodations, I guess, across the business? Is that something that you think may lead to almost a semi-permanent change in consumer behavior, just a much greater willingness to embrace alternative accommodations than they were pre-COVID that's happened during the crisis, but do you think there's a reason to think that, that will be kind of a permanent condition, kind of a modest shift over there?
Glenn Fogel : Hi, Mark. So as I talked a little earlier about this certainly in the prepared remarks, we've seen a significant drop and talked about the last 7 days. Things move very quickly. Changes happen very rapidly when governments make changes in terms of ability to travel, restrictions in terms of going to restaurants, non-essential shops being closed. These things make immediate impact on people. In fact, I haven't actually tried it this time, but you can watch on our systems. You can watch an announcement go out and very, very quickly. You can see the impact towards cancellations or drops in bookings for future stays. So there's an incredible correlation between that. In terms of alternative accommodations, my thoughts -- it's interesting, the beginning of the crisis, I wasn't sure which way this might go because on the one hand, I thought that people would want to not be in a crowded hotel and risk getting infected or going to elevator. And so therefore, they would want an alternative combination where they could be separate from people, but I also recognize that people may be wanting industrial strength, disinfecting of rooms and professionalized treatment of the entire place. So maybe you go for hotels.  Clearly, we've seen the statistics very early in the Q2 area where we saw that significant increase in share shift to alternative accommodations for us than we've seen in Q3. It's not as much. I do believe that the trend that has been going on for a very long time of more and more people contemplating and then using the alternative accommodations, I think that trend has just been accelerated. In fact, it brought forward what would have happened perhaps on a year or 2 years or whatever in the future because now people did try this. And now I do believe that there is a continuous shift once you've tried it. And if you like it, you're going to put it in your consideration set for the future.  Now of course, when we talked about our share of alternative accommodations in total, when there's -- let's say -- let’s go to even Q2 when it was a big number, 40%. Well, that meant 60% of the new bookings were for hotels. Hotels are still a really popular way to stay, and they will always be. That's one of the things that's great about our platform because we offer both. We offer the most of both. And that is something that is a winning combination for our customers. When they come on, we know from the data that many people who come on to our site, they're not sure yet where they want to stay. And they're looking at a lot of different types of accommodations. By offering them all the different types of accommodations, that makes us a winner in terms of getting them to book it with us. And I think that's going to be what we're going to keep going forward.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Stephen Ju from Credit Suisse. 
Stephen Ju: Okay. So Glenn, digging in a little bit on the flexibility you called out, given what consumers went through during March and April, with trying to cancel trips and getting refunds and -- are your users choosing to go for the higher-priced cancellation-enabled option? Because I would imagine -- and I would imagine having cancellations with your hotel partners is probably a little bit more seamless versus the alternative accommodation. So is there any new work you think you might need to do to prepare your supply partners for what might be the new consumer normal of elevated cancellations?
Glenn Fogel : Yes. So there is a tremendous shift into people wanting to have the free cancellation option. There's no doubt about that. And it's understandable. There's also -- we see in the booking window, people booking much, much closer into when they're going to actually arrive with their accommodation. Again, both of these things making perfect sense of what's going on around the world right now. And how long that will continue for? It's uncertain. But there was a crisis in the beginning of the year for everyone who had done a non-refundable accommodation. But then what happened is you had countries that were shutting down travel and the issue became, well, now the person can’t go there. It was nonrefundable, but it's a force majeure situation. Do they get their money back? And if so, from who? Who's going to give it? The hotels aren't even around to actually give the money back, many of them, et cetera. And I will make the point of how proud I am of the customer -- our customer service team doing with all those people desperate to get their money back at the same time having to deal with the suppliers saying -- who would say, "Listen, we're closed. We don't even have access to the money. We can't return it." And I'm really pleased with the way we acted in taking the money out of our own pocket essentially and giving it to those consumers who need that money now. They need it now; they can't wait. In doing that, I'm just so proud of our teams that did that and really made things better. Now it's much -- or many months after that, now if you book a non-refundable accommodation, even if there is a close-down by a government, you're not getting your money back because everybody is aware of the situation. Every -- your eyes are wide open when you buy that nonrefundable, you're not going to get that money back. And so people aren't pretty much behind the refundable one. I do expect though over time that will go back because of the benefit of getting a better price. David, do you want to give any comments on this at all, that I don’t know what you’d say?
David Goulden : No, I think you covered the major areas, Glenn. Obviously, we are -- as we enter, euphemistically, the second wave -- we were in -- all were into lockdown in the first, including customers and ourselves and our partners. There'll be some differences. Glenn talked about the force majeure which is obviously important. Typically, there are fewer bookings that are on the books right now because we're operating at much lower levels than we were back in the January, February time before everything hit. So that will also -- we do some of the extra workload that we have been on customer service, although we expect there to be some. And as I mentioned, we've seen customers, particularly recently favoring the more flexible cancellation policies, which, of course, isn’t everybody's practice and that also -- has also had a slight leaning towards the agency product where the cancellation options are all flexible. So we're going into it eyes open. I'm sure there are going to be some things we haven't foreseen that come along. But I think it will be quite different in terms of how we'll be able to deal with this vis-à-vis the "all hands on deck" situation back in April and May.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Deepak Mathivanan from Barclays.
Deepak Mathivanan : Glenn, I know it's early and things are volatile in the second wave right now. But any reason to not think that the demand during peak of the second wave will be better than what you saw in April and May? There are government restrictions, but consumers obviously have found some ways to travel safely and then restrictions are also somewhat measured and probably shorter now. Just obviously, vaccine will be ideal, but curious how to think about consumer behavior changes in the second wave versus the first outbreak?
Glenn Fogel : Deepak, I think that certainly, what you're saying could be the case, and I think it's hard to say, and as David said, we're not expecting to hit the lows of April yet. But I'll point out there are counter facts, too, such as, as we're entering the spring and into the summer, it was getting warmer. It was getting lighter in the Northern Hemisphere and you could travel locally and have a nice holiday away from wherever you were. If you were in a city that was suffering significant infection rates, and you just wanted to get out, it was easy to say, we’re going to drive or get my car and drive not so far away and it's pleasant, I can go outside, maybe near a beach, maybe near a lake, whenever, let's take a little holiday, okay? Not so great in the middle of the winter in the dark. So that's kind of a factor. Who knows? I think the right way to think about this stuff is not think about right now, second wave, next couple of months. I think the important thing is to think about the long term. And that's what we continue to put our focus on, is making sure that we're coming up with our systems, our products, our services, working with our suppliers so we have everything set up right when that demand comes back for real in the way we know it will because all pandemics do end; they do. Whether there is a vaccine or not, and we hope there'll be one soon, and all the news says they'll be one relatively soon. But even if not, even not a vaccine a pandemic will end, people will start traveling again. And we will, I believe, have that very wonderful rebound and come out of this crisis.
Deepak Mathivanan : Got it. And then second question on alternative accommodations, if I may. Can you elaborate on what type of use cases is driving the alternative accommodations growth? Clearly, like you said, there's domestic and there's drive-in. But in the marketplace, it seems like there's appetite for longer-term stays now. Are you seeing a broader use case expansion under alternative accommodations as well?
Glenn Fogel : Well, there's definitely a widened use case because we're operating in a very, very different world right now. I haven't done any research. We have not done the research to really nail down how many people decided, I want to use an alternative accommodation because I cannot live in just a one-room apartment in the city for the next month. I need to get out in a bigger space in the country. I don't know how many of you did that. Where people said, I'm working from home, and I live in a studio, I need another place. I can't do that; where a family that say, the kids are going crazy. We got to get out of this place and go there. So there are a lot of alternative uses of the alternative accommodations that never existed before. And that could very well have driven that up. I think in the long run, though, again, people having experienced this, now it goes into the consideration set for any type of use, standard holiday or not. And that's why I do believe, in the long run, continue to build our inventory for the single property type use is very important.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Lee Horowitz from Evercore ISI.
Lee Horowitz : Two if I could. One, just on the U.S. in the third quarter. Can you speak at all to any market share shifts you're seeing in the U.S. market and how you may be thinking about using the COVID disruption and obviously your strong balance sheet and operating structure to perhaps lean into this depressed demand environment to pick up share in some markets where maybe you've been underrepresented? And then second, on the cost-cutting guidance on the 250 million to 300 million, my understanding is one that, obviously, a lot of that is variable in nature and coming down with the overall travel demand environment, but that some of it could perhaps be permanent. I guess is there any way to contextualize how you were thinking about perhaps some of the permanent cost savings that may be associated coming out of that, whether that's digitizing of customer relationship management or things of that nature? Anything that could be helpful on the permanent nature of some of those once we get back to, say, 2019 levels?
Glenn Fogel : So why don't I take a little bit of the first part of the U.S. and then, David, you can say anything you want to add to that and then talk about the cost cutting. So absolutely, I've said many times that we are under-indexed in the U.S., and that's a great opportunity for us. That's a case where we have the capability of adding to our future growth by doing better things in the U.S.  In terms of how to do it, in terms of -- you mentioned the balance sheet, how much is lean, et cetera, right now, there's not a tremendous amount of demand right now for doing anything. So the idea of putting together a big brand campaign or just to make them more awareness right now, we're just trying to lean into performance marketing, that to me is not a good use of money. We've always said that we want to be frugal in the way we try and get more customers and how we build our brand et cetera, want to do it the right way. So obviously, I mentioned already about getting more supply for a certain type of alternative accommodation in properties, that's absolutely something that we are doing and going and doing that. And it's also coming up and putting and investing in flight in the U.S. I mentioned that one already, and I mentioned now down the road, we'll have packages. So building on that and building out payments, which are so important for all different reasons. We can go into why that's an important thing and making sure we have that set up right in the U.S. and we have lots of our hotel partners onto the payment network.  So all those things are investments, and that is what we are doing. But what we're not going to do is go out and do a giant, giant brand campaign where literally nobody is listening to that right now in this winter. And we're not going to do it that way. David, do you want to add anything?
David Goulden : Yes, I do. Thanks, Glenn. Just to -- relative to the U.S. in the third quarter, when we look across the major markets, the U.S. was by far the strongest of the major markets for us from a performance point of view. The decline rates there were lower than the average and lower than any of our other territories. So we're not talking market share, but just to give you something directional to think about in terms of how the business performed. And then, Lee, on the cost side, yes, you're right, there's $250 million to $300 million of expense reductions annualized from Booking.com. There's also $80 million from the other brands as well. So please don't go that piece as well. You're right. Most of those related to volume-related functions in the business, things like customer service, so credit collection partner search. It's not entirely but largely functions like that which are tied to volume. So as volumes come back, as we expect to do over the next few years, we obviously need to replace that cost base. So we're looking at all sorts of alternatives, including how much more technology can we deploy in those areas as we would do normally.  The cost savings that we're not talking about right now are because we're in the middle of a crisis and we've got our hands full. We've getting the volume cost aspects out of the business. Already operating efficiencies in the business in other areas beyond what we're doing now, that's not the immediate focus. It's something we can take and to look at once we get beyond the crisis and we start to see a recovery. Of course, we've been running a fairly efficient business in the first place. We're not sitting with a large amount of excess fixed costs to optimize, but there's always opportunity.  And if you recall, we started talking about some of those things a little bit before the coronavirus hit in the spring of this year. So we'll come back to those in the fullness of time. And we'll also look to make sure that as we continue to drive efficiencies in the business that we don't bring back all the costs that had to -- lead the business as the business returns to prior volumes.
Operator: And that will be for your last question. I would now like to hand the call over back to Mr. Fogel for closing remarks.
Glenn Fogel : Thank you. So the first thing I want to do, I just want to say thank you once again to all of our employees who have been working so hard to help our partners and customers in these very difficult times. And of course, I absolutely want to thank our customers who choose from the many available options to book their travel through us. And finally, I have to thank all of our supplier partners who continue to work closely with us as we try and get through this crisis. While the near term will definitely be challenging I remain confident in our long-term value proposition, and we are focused on the steps we have to take today to create a better company tomorrow. Please be safe, and good night.
Operator: Thank you, sir. And again, thank you so much presenters. Thank you, everyone, for participating. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect. Stay safe, and have a lovely day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-07 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Booking Holdings Second Quarter 2020 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guaranteed of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical facts are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings' actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the safe harbor statement at the end of the Booking Holdings' earnings press release, as well as Booking Holdings' most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings' earnings press release together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings' website, www.bookingholdings.com. And now I'd like to introduce Booking Holdings speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and David Goulden. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. And welcome to Booking Holdings' second quarter conference call. I'm joined this afternoon by our CFO, David Goulden. We felt the full impact of COVID-19 during the second quarter, with reported room nights, which includes the impact of cancellations, declining 87% year-over-year. Newly book room nights, excluding the impact of cancellations, declined 68% in the quarter. The high cancellation rate of pre-COVID bookings, which we witnessed in March and April, combined with the overall weak travel demand environment, significantly impacted our revenue and EBITDA this quarter. Revenue declined 84% versus last year, and we recorded an adjusted EBITDA loss of $376 million. The first time we have produced a quarterly EBITDA loss since 2001. We witnessed the greatest negative impact from the virus in April is newly booked room nights in that month declined over 85% year-over-year. After April, room night trends have steadily improved with newly booked room nights in July, declining about 35% year-over-year. The improved booking trends were primarily driven by domestic travel with international trends, seeing much more limited improvement. In July, we reached slightly positive year-over-year growth or overall domestic newly book room nights, though, of course, there are many countries that still have negative year-over-year growth rates. In addition, it is an obvious point that our domestic business is benefiting from prohibitions and restrictions on international travel, which forces consumers who want a holiday to travel domestically. While almost all of our global markets showed improvement through the quarter, Europe and the United States had the highest contribution to the improved domestic booking trends. As a reminder, a very high percentage of our new bookings have been made with flexible cancellation policies and may be canceled in the future. And as we see, new outbreaks of COVID-19 and cancellations may increase again. While we are pleased to see signs of recovery in domestic travel, we want to emphasize that it is impossible to tell how the coming months will unfold. Unfortunately, many areas of the world continue to have very high infection rates. And in some regions, they are dealing with new outbreaks after having significantly lowered their infection rates. As a result, after a period of relatively steady improvement in many geographies, in recent weeks, we are seeing these growth rates worsen in some countries. We continue to believe that in order to recover to pre-COVID levels, we will need to have a vaccine or effective treatment, which will take time to produce and distribute globally at the scale needed. We are pleased to have recently read news about progress on this front. But we believe it will be years and not quarters before the travel market returns to pre-COVID volumes. In those countries and regions where shelter-in-place rules were relaxed and economies reopened, we witnessed booking trends improve quickly. We believe part of this initial burst of demand is due to people's pent-up desire to go somewhere after being in a lockdown situation. It also demonstrates people's deep desire to travel, providing it to safe. Throughout this initial reopening phase, we have seen new customer booking and travel patterns emerge. In line with our growth in domestic travel, we are seeing that bookers are choosing to stay closer to home, and are more interested in less urban areas than pre-COVID. The share of these types of bookings on our platform has increased meaningfully this quarter. We also see that our customers are booking more alternative accommodations than in the past, which often have the benefit of reduced potential interaction with other travelers. In Q2, Booking.com, alternative accommodations represented about 40% of all new bookings in the quarter. We've all seen an increase in travelers booking stays with more flexible cancellation policies due to the uncertain travel environment we currently face. Our platform is well-positioned to capture these travel demand patterns due to our very capable marketing teams, global footprint, extensive accommodation choice and diversification of cancellation policy and rate types. We have adapted our marketplace to operate more efficiently in this new travel demand environment to benefit both our supply partners and customers. We are working closely with our supply partners, so they can more effectively market on our platform to capture the growing travel demand. As our partners seek assistance to better respond to these new domestic and intra-regional demand patterns, we are working to provide more information, and it wise as to the nature of the demand and offering the best programs on our platform that will help them capture this demand. We are also helping our partners more effectively communicate and showcase the steps that they have taken to increase their own health and safety protocols at their properties. Something we know travelers are keen to understand, in order to make informed booking decisions. Finally, we continue to extend our payments platform to more of our supply partners, and it remains a key initiative for us this year. Developing merchant capabilities has valuable benefits for both our supply partners and bookers. As we discussed on our Q1 earnings call, we articulated a series of plans to help navigate the company through these challenging times. First phase was focused on stabilizing the business in the initial stages of the crisis, which included supporting our employees and increasing our cash position. The second phase was focused on optimizing the business for the expected decrease in travel demand over the next few years. The final phase is focused on positioning the business to capture travel demand as it develops, so that we can emerge from the crisis on a strong footing and extend our leadership position. We completed the stabilization phase and are now working through our optimization phase. These actions have allowed us to lay the important groundwork that will set us up to emerge from pandemic in a position of strength. During our optimization phase, we assessed our total cost structure and develop plans to align it with expected market demand over the next few quarters. We completed this work at KAYAK, OpenTable and Agoda in the second quarter, and recently completed in a Priceline in July. The restructuring charge we took in the second quarter only relates to the rightsizing activities at KAYAK, OpenTable and Agora. These actions had the effect of reducing headcount by approximately 22% across these brands, including some including some furloughed employees. While the cost savings net of restructuring costs will be modest this year, we expect that these cost reductions will produce over $80 million of annual personnel savings. With respect to Booking.com, we have further developed our intentions for the appropriate level of personnel and other cost reductions in light of expected business loss. Booking.com is in the process of consulting with its works councils and employee representatives and working through local labor regulations in the countries where we operate. We hope to finalize our plans and to have more definitive news over the coming months. We expect that up to about 25% of Booking.com's global workforce could be impacted by these actions. We expect that business functions most closely tied to its transaction volumes will be impacted the most. At this time, and subject to our consultation with the Dutch Works Council, employee representatives and other organizations, we estimate that these cost reductions at Booking.com could produce annual personnel savings between $250 million to $300 million. This preliminary estimate may change and we will update you in the coming months on the expected restructuring costs associated with these reductions. It is our hope to make all announcements to employees about these cost reductions by the end of 2020. In conclusion, we have learned from when we could not travel, how important travel is to our lives, whether to see family or friends, or to explore new places and cultures, travel is fundamental to who we are. Our Wish List Campaign, which drew on insights from millions customers like accommodations they would want to visit, affirm the innate desire or demand that will always endure forward travel. This campaign reiterates the energy and passion that we know remains for travel. This has been a challenging quarter and we've had to make some very difficult decisions. We believe it will take years for travel to fully recover, but I have great confidence in our employees and our capabilities and I cannot be more proud of how our entire team has handled themselves during these trying times. I will now turn the call over to our CFO, David Goulden.
David Goulden: Thank you, Glenn, and good afternoon. I'll review our operating results for the second quarter and provide some color on the trends we saw through the quarter and into July. All growth rates are relative to the prior year comparable period, unless otherwise indicated. Information regarding reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP can be found in our earnings release. Now on to our results for the quarter. In our last earnings call in May, we discussed the trends we saw early in the second quarter, including a year-over-year decline in newly booked room nights of about 85% in April. As a reminder, newly booked room nights excludes the impact of cancellations. April ultimately proved to be the low point for newly booked room night declines in Q2 as we saw a steady improvement in both May and June, driven by increasing levels of domestic travel. Domestic room night declines improved steadily in Europe, North America, and across Asia. However, we saw less improvements in the domestic declines in South America, Middle East, and Africa. Newly booked room nights for the full quarter declined about 68% as we exited the quarter down about 50% in the month of June. Our Q2 reported room nights, which include the impact of cancellations, decreased 87% for the full quarter. Reported room nights in June declined by about 55% and improving from an over 100% decline in April when we receive more cancellations than new bookings. We saw a continued improvement in the cancellation rate since April as we work through the way the cancellations for bookings made prior to COVID-19. Although we're now getting closer to pre-COVID levels of cancellation rates, this improving trend could easily reverse if we see continued outbreak to the virus or new impositions of travel restrictions, especially considering the very high percentage of our recent bookings that are being made with flexible cancellation policies. Gross bookings declined 91% in Q2, which is greater than the decline in reported room nights due to the average daily rates for accommodations of decreasing about 35% year-over-year on a constant currency basis. Note that the high level of cancellations in the quarter significantly distorted ADRs. As a point of comparison, our newly booked ADRs, excluding the impact of cancellations, declined year-over-year by only a couple of percentage points in Q2. And an increasing mix of bookings in the high ADR markets like the U.S. and Western Europe helped largely offset the pressure of the offset the pressure of the broader lodging industry ADR declines. Consolidated revenue for the second quarter was $630 million and decreased 84% year-over-year. Revenue in the quarter was less negatively impacted than reported at room nights and gross bookings due to the fact that some of the cancellations we received in Q2 were for check-ins are expected to occur in later quarters. This dynamic created by cancellations in the quarter also substantially increased the ratio of revenue as a percentage of gross bookings in the quarter. The substantial the quarter also substantially increased the ratio of revenue as a percentage of gross bookings in the quarter. The substantial reduction in revenue contributed to an adjusted EBITDA loss of $376 million in Q2. While we made significant reductions in our variable expense lines reduction in revenue contributed to an adjusted EBITDA loss of $376 million in Q2. While we made significant reductions in our variable expense lines like marketing, sales and other, our more fixed expenses decreased to a lesser extent in Q2. As we mentioned, we've taken actions across the quarter to reduce operating expenses as we optimize and align our cost structure with the new demand environment. However, the cost benefit of these actions were not fully realized in Q2 and the cost reductions and net restructuring charges are expected to be modest in 2020. Marketing expense, which is a highly variable expense item, decreased 85% year-over-year as we saw a significant reduction in demand in the paid channels. In addition, we substantially reduced our brand marketing spend in response to the diminished travel demand environment. We expect our marketing expenses will remain significantly below 2019 levels for the remainder of the year. Sales and other expenses decreased 47% year-over-year due primarily to a reduction in expenses associated with payment transactions as well as lower outsourced customer service costs as we move through the quarter and needed less support in processing -- reduced level of cancellations in May and June. Bad debt and other credit losses were up about 25% year-over-year in the quarter. However, we saw a far small increase in provisions in Q2 than what we recognized in Q1. We expect sales and other expansion will continue to be down year-on-year in the second half of 2020. However, the extent of the decline will be impacted by level of volume we see in the business. Personnel expenses decreased 18% year-over-year on a non-GAAP basis, primarily due to a $100 million benefit from government aid packages, primarily in the Netherlands and the U.K. Currently, we do not anticipate further material benefits to personnel expenses from government aid in future quarters. We expect personnel expenses in the second half of 2020 will decline less than we saw in Q2 as we'll no longer see the benefit from government aid. We expect the personnel cost reductions we made in Q2 at Agoda, KAYAK and OpenTable, plus the reductions we made early in Q3 of Priceline to produce over $80 million of annualized personnel savings starting in the second half of 2020. As Glenn mentioned, we have further developed our intentions for the appropriate levels of personnel booking.com and are in the process of reviewing these potential reductions with works councils, employee representatives and other organizations. We estimate that the potential cost reduction of Booking.com could produce annual personnel run rate savings between $250 million and $300 million. And because of the processes we have to go through at Booking.com over the next few months, we expect the majority of these savings will not be realized until 2021. As Glenn mentioned, we'll update you on the estimated cost of achieving these savings as soon as they're available, at which time we'll file any required amendments to our 8-K. G&A expenses decreased 43% year-over-year, largely driven by reduced discretionary spend such as T&E and other personnel-related expenses as well as lower office expenses due to employees working remotely. We expect that G&A will continue to be down meaningfully year-over-year in the back half of the year. However, the level of decline may be less than what we saw in the second quarter. Information technology expenses decreased 1% year-over-year due to lower outsourced data center and cloud costs. We expect the IT expenses will remain roughly flat versus the prior year in the back half of the year. Finally, we've broken out restructuring charges separately in the operating expenses in the P&L. The $34 million of restructuring charge to be recorded in the second quarter only relates to the rightsizing activities at KAYAK, OpenTable and Agoda. I note these restructuring charges are included in our non-GAAP results. On a GAAP basis, we incurred an operating loss of $485 million in Q2. We recorded GAAP net income of $122 million in the quarter as we benefited from an $835 million pretax gain on our equity investments, primarily related to our investments in methane. This gain was partially offset by $55 million of FX remeasurement losses on our eurobonds. We excluded these gains and remeasurement losses from our non-GAAP results. Now on to our cash and liquidity position. Our Q2 end cash investment balance increased to $13.4 billion from a March ending balance of $9.2 billion, primarily due to the $4.1 billion bond and convertible note offering we completed in early April. Our long-term investment balances benefited from the $835 million gain on equity investments in the quarter I previously mentioned. These increases to our cash and investment balance were partially offset by the $1.2 billion cash settlements at one of our convertible notes in June. We had $122 million in positive operating cash flow and $52 million in positive free cash flow in the quarter. Change in working capital were a source of about $300 million of cash in the quarter compared to $820 million use of cash in Q1. The improvement from Q1 was largely driven by a Q1 prepayment of taxes in the Netherlands of about $720 million that was subsequently refunded in April. The small reduction in Q2 relative to reduction in Q2 relative to Q1 in our deferred merchant bookings and other current liability balances were mostly offset by a small reduction in our accounts receivable balance in the quarter. Our improvements -- our improved liquidity position is the result of efforts we took to stabilize our business for the immediate shock of the crisis. We'll continue to focus on a strong liquidity position for the immediate shock of the crisis. We'll continue to focus on a strong liquidity position given the high level of uncertainty created by the COVID pandemic. As a part of these efforts to bolster our liquidity and consistent with our clients last quarter, we've halted our approaches of stock and will not initiate repurchases to have better visibility into shape and timing of a recovery. Now on to our thoughts for the third quarter. Consistent with our approach last quarter, I'll not provide full quarterly guidance, but we'll instead provide you with some color on our preliminary July results, which will help you get a better sense of recent top line trends. As Glenn mentioned, our newly booked room nights in July were down about 35% year-over-year. Of course, these new bookings may be counseled in the future, especially as a very high percentage of new bookings continue to be made with flexible cancellation policies. The year-over-year decline in reported room nights in July was about 45%, which is worse than our newly booked room night decline in the month as the cancellation rate remained above prior levels. Bookings for the full third quarter may vary from July's results depending upon the level of travel demand and cancellations we experienced in August and September. We expect gross bookings in the third quarter will decline year-over-year by several percentage points more than our reported room nights due to negative pressure on local currency ADRS. And we expect revenue declines for the quarter will be roughly in line with what we see in gross bookings. We currently expect adjusted EBITDA will be positive in the third quarter, given the trends we're seeing in our business so far through July, as well as the fact that Q3 is our seasonally strongest quarter. This expectation is based on the assumption we do not see a meaningful increase in travel restrictions or shelter in place rules or decrease in consumer willingness to travel as a result of continued or increased core outbreaks in the quarter. As we noticed -- as we noted, we've seen an improvement in our newly book room night trends to continue into July, largely driven by domestic travel. Our newly booked domestic room nights increased slightly year-over-year in the month of July for the first time during the COVID pandemic. Domestic room nights represented over 70% of our newly booked room nights in both Q2 and July, up significantly versus 2019, which was about 45%. Our Booking.com is domestic, alternative accommodation newly booked room nights increased nicely year-over-year in July. And its domestic core accommodation newly booked room nights were down slightly. We continue to monitor other changes in Booking.com's customer booking behavior. We have seen the length of the booking window begin to return to prior year levels in June after expanding versus the prior year in both April and May. Mobile bookings, particularly through our app, continue to gain share in the second quarter into July. And finally, we continue to see greater than 50% of our newly booked room nights coming to us through the direct channel. On a regional basis, Europe and the United States have been the largest contributors for the improvement in newly room night trends since April. However, as Glenn mentioned, in the past weeks, we've witnessed a plateauing or deterioration of new booking trends in several places that have seen increasing outbreaks of COVID-19 cases, including Spain, Belgium, Australia, Japan, Vietnam, Taiwan and the U.S. We've also seen an associated increase in cancellation rates in many of these places. These recent trends are a reminder we're still in the very early days of a fragile recovery that will likely be uneven for some time to come. As Glenn emphasized, this has been a challenging quarter that has involved some very difficult decisions and a number of other actions that will ultimately help us optimize our business with expected level of market demand. We have confidence that through these actions, we'll be well positioned to come out of the crisis and extend our leadership role in the global travel marketplace. With that, we'll now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Kevin Kopelman with Cowen.
Kevin Kopelman: Great. Thanks a lot. I appreciate the update and all the details on July. Could you talk about what you're seeing from your data in terms of market share, whether you're taking market share based on those July numbers? And if so, what are the key drivers there? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: Hi, Kevin. It's Glenn. No, we don't go around trying to at what we think our share is up or down. Obviously, you probably have a very good idea to what you think of our competitors and where they are. I will say what David said is, we are pleased with what we saw in July. What I think what's very, very important that everybody, keep in mind that this is a very volatile recovery and the countries that David went out and listed that we have seen increased outbreaks. That was not a complete list. We'd use up the entire time if we listed every single place that have seen places that are suddenly having increases in COVID. So I would caution, again, just what David said, yes, we were pleased with what we saw in July. But we have to be careful about the future.
Kevin Kopelman: Thanks. And then if I could ask one other question on the cost cuts. You mentioned $250 million to $300 million in personnel is that a good number for kind of overall cost savings? Or what would that number look like if you included all the actions you've taken across the company to cut back?
Glenn Fogel: Yes. Kevin, we gave you two numbers. We gave you $80 million annualized for the brand apart from Booking.com. And then $250 million to $300 million for the potential savings of Booking.com based upon all the process points that we talked about. So those would directly impact the personnel line. So those we've broken out. We mentioned in some -- many other areas of the business, our expenses are down, but we haven't really work through all the details exactly what those are going to be is we are focused upon our employ our employee-related costs first. But obviously, with less people, there will be less expenses to come with it in other areas. And as we work through those plans as well, we'll make them available. But the biggest change is going to be to personnel cost.
Kevin Kopelman: Thanks, David. Thanks, Glenn.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lloyd Walmsley with Deutsche Bank. 
Chris Kuntarich: This is Chris on for Lloyd. Can you just first talk about the performance of your alternative accommodation business in the quarter in July? Just curious if that was growing. And yes, whether or not you guys in testing new distribution channels in the quarter.
David Goulden : So Chris, one of the things I think -- and let me go to the Q2, that 40% number that I gave in my opening remarks, and as we said, that is an increase. It's a big number compared to what we had seen in the past. And it's something that we're pleased. But of course, we all, I think, have a good sense of what's going on. And that is a change in demand because people's concern about being in a large group and a hotel lobby. I think the thing that we really have to think about is what do we think about in the future. Is this a momentary thing? Or is this something that's going to continue long-term or not? And I'll say one thing that we talked about in the past is how we want to continue. We say, this in one for COVID that we want to continue to build our alternative accommodations. Now we thought it was an important thing for us to continue to build out all the types of alternate combinations, and we recognize that we are probably short in certain types, particularly the single property, home type property, and we want to continue to build that. And we also talked that. And we also talked about -- we thought that we were perhaps under-indexing in terms of awareness in certain geographies like the U.S., for example, and we want to continue to improve upon that. So we're going to do that. And we certainly are going to use every single marketing channel we can to get that information out to consumers that we have a great product, and that is something that they can look to us to get a great deal. And that's something that I think is important. I am very pleased, of course, with the numbers we saw, but I also like the fact that we are perhaps the unique in the terms of all the types of combinations we are able to provide all throughout the world. And that's given us, I think, a great opportunity going forward. 
Chris Kuntarich: Got it. And if I could just squeeze in there a quick follow-up here. Just thinking about marketing ROIs here. Could you just talk about what you guys are seeing in the performance marketing channels? Yes, it looked like you had gained a lot of share in Trivago. I was curious, if there was any other channels you guys were seeing similar results.
Glenn Fogel: Well, I think, I'll confine myself saying, look, we're always looking for high-quality traffic at the right price. Now when I say, high-quality, they want to convert well, one of the low probability of cancellation, I wanted to come back to us later directly. And that's what we're going to continue to do and we've always done that. And that's no change from our previous way to run our business.
Chris Kuntarich: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley.
Alex Wang: Hi. This is Alex Wang on for Brian. First question, can you just talk to us about the new growth opportunities like the U.S. or in destination, in areas you're focused on to improving the go-to-market strategy, particularly in the U.S.?
Glenn Fogel: Alex, you say -- so you're asking what is our -- just in general, you’re saying -- again, our go-to-market in the U.S., you're saying?
Alex Wang: Yes, that's right. So, ability to sort of maybe, yes, improve sort of the brand and then growth opportunities in the market like the U.S. and then any difference in the go-to-market strategy?
Glenn Fogel: Yes. Okay. So, we have said this in the past and I’ll repeat clearly more so now. We think the U.S. is a great opportunity for us. We think we under index, we've got a great partners. I was just saying, all types of accommodations. And with what we're building with our connected trip, we think we're going to offer an incredible value proposition to consumers. So we are absolutely excited about the long-term future of Liz right now. Yes, people are traveling a little bit more, certainly than they were in April. But we all know what the situation is right now. And what you don't want to be doing is spending a lot of money pushing out a brand message, if people are not hearing -- are not listening to it, because they are not ready to travel or they can't travel. So we want to be careful about that. So I think we're going to have to wait. And so we have a healthier environment, where people -- more people are ready to listen to that message, before we're going to start spending money on it.
Alex Wang: Got it. And just as a follow on. With the reported or stated -- sort of, reduced headcount at Booking.com, can you give more color around areas of the company that you're looking into here. Particularly, given, I think, Booking.com has been run pretty lean in the past. And then, just sort of higher level, how does this change your investment priorities beyond hotels now compared to where they were pre-COVID?
Glenn Fogel: So we made very clear in our discussions with our employees, our works council, our employee organizations. And everyone have to have these conversations with. As you know, there are different regulations around the world in terms of potential conversation to have. We made it very clear that the higher wage is going to be on volume-related positions, because our volumes are way down. Those are the ones. And I made it very clear how much I believe in the future of the connected trend, the investments we're making, the things that we believe in the long-term will give us a competitive advantage over everybody. And I would -- I think, I'd be doing the wrong thing, if I was saying, we should stop trying to invest in those areas. I think they're important for the long run. And, yes, this is a terrible time right now. And yes, our financials are being hurt by this. That, to me, does not mean we should stop investing in our future.
Alex Wang: Great. Thanks, Glenn.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan with UBS.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks so much for taking the question. Maybe two, if I can. Glenn, curious what you might be doing in terms of investing on the supply side during a period of lower demand? As you said, the mix shift moving towards alternative accommodations to some degree on what people are on the book. Is there anything you're doing in terms of changing some of the strategy of partnering on supply or trying to bring supply on against the demand environment you find yourself in. That's number one. And then maybe on the buyback, I know, you need to see a better environment to come back to the capital return policy, can you give us a little bit of sense of what that environment might have to look like? Like what should we be looking for from the outside in that you would need to see in the business, before you're back to returning capital? Thanks so much for any color. Appreciate it.
Glenn Fogel: Sure. I'll take the first one and I'll let Dave talk about our potential capital return at some point, balance sheet in general. So one thing we've talked about in the past a great deal is, if there was a recession, what's going to happen in terms of the supply relations. Would they be more willing to lean in with us? Would they be more open to conversations? What will they do? And what we've been seeing, and it's pretty much what we thought would happen is that, when demand goes away and supply is looking for demand, they're looking to do it any way they can and they are open to conversation that perhaps they weren't in the past. So our teams are out there talking with on the supply side and whether it be alternative accommodations, properties or in the big hotel tans or anybody who is in our business. Right now, they need demand, and they're looking for can you supply to me. So our teams are coming up with creative in different ways to try and provide something that will help them because we now look, we this number two sided marketplace. We got to do good for both sides. And that's what we're doing right now and I think we're making progress with it. We're having some very good conversations that may not have had in the past. But I think that in the future, we will hopefully have this be a long-term better relationship with some of our partners as we continue to develop ways that we show their win-win for everybody.
David Goulden: Yes. And Eric, on the buyback side, just to elaborate a little bit upon what I said. So, I said, we certainly would not initiate and so we have better visibility into the shape and timing of a recovery. So, what do we mean by that? We mean having best certainty as to what the future looks like. And when it's going to happen and what the shape of the recovery is going to look like. Nobody is predicting a V-shaped recovery now. I think that's not what people are looking at, but we're looking at some period of uncertainty right now. Until we figure out more about what's happening with vaccine and how that would impact people's comfort. And then, of course, is the economic impact of the COVID prices and what that does to people's ability to travel and spend money, so all these things go into it. So, there's not a single milestone to look for. But if you ask me to characterize the environment, which we will consider, reinitiating capital returns, it would be an environment where we have much more visibility and confidence into the shape of the future.
Eric Sheridan: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Naved Khan with SunTrust.
Naved Khan: Yes. Thanks a lot. Maybe, Glenn, can you maybe shed some light on the mix of direct versus paid bookings, I think historically, you talked about how directors think historically, you talked about how directors had already crossed 50% market. How does it look does it look today? And do you think that today? And do you think that maybe an elevated level of direct bookings can continue to occur on a go-forward basis? Or would you think of that as a temporary shift? And then I have a follow-up.
Glenn Fogel: Sure. So we've said this and we will continue to say how important we believe is direct booking is really where we want to be in the future is provide such great value than our customers, once they learn about this, they come back to us directly. They don't want to think about going somewhere else. And such great value that our customers once they learn about this by, they come back to us directly. They don't want to think about going somewhere else. And through the connected trip and building up all different types of, let's say, lower friction type ways to travel. That it makes it so that we are the first thought always. I'm not sure, David, if you want to give me more color to where we are now. I'll let him do it. But I will say the system is important to us.
David Goulden: I think, Glenn, as we said, we continue to be over 50% direct. But I think there are some important things that are driving that, which are good indicators. And we mentioned them briefly a little bit on the last call as well. I mentioned in my remarks earlier that we continue to see the app being an important contribution because that is really our stickiest kind of touch point with our customers because that is not only a place you go to book travel, but increasingly, it's way interact with us during the travel experience, which is very important as well. And we also see, as we mentioned last quarter, we also see things like an increasing percentage mix from our Genius customers as well, this quarter as well. So these are positive things correlate long-term to a higher mix of direct bookings and just this ability to create, as Glenn has said a few times, the connected chip, where you're not just booking with us and then going on the trip, but you're really booking multi verticals. You're interacting with us during the trip, we're providing things like dynamic customer support, et cetera, a very different environment in the future, which is obviously powered by big data, machine learning, AI, et cetera. So, we think these are important signs that we're moving in the right direction.
Naved Khan: Great. And the follow-up I had is really just to clarify the domestic mix you gave us, Glenn, 70% domestic. How does that treat the EU -- treat it as a single entity? Or are you looking at country levels?
Glenn Fogel: It's a country domestic. We do -- we sometime look at our region, Intra regional. But if you're an Italian tourist and you went to France, that's not a domestic travel.
Naved Khan: Got it. Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: I'm looking at David, just to confirm.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Deepak Mathivanan with Barclays. 
Deepak Mathivanan: Great. David, can you help us quantify the pressure on new bookings from the mix shift towards domestic ADRs, obviously, on a comparable basis are lower in various markets. But are there any other variables either from consumer spending less or staying fewer nights that will keep the bookings growth below the trends on the new room nights? And then what is the equal and dollar bookings comparable metric for the down 35 room nights during the month of July? Thank you.
David Goulden: I'm going to ask you to clarify the second part, Deepak, let me ask -- answer the first part. So yes, there's obviously many moving parts with ADRs this quarter. And as I mentioned, for newly booked room nights, the ADRs actually, in total, only off a couple of points, even though there's a mix shift, obviously, within that too domestic. So we see a number of things going on. What we see is in some case, obviously, some people are substituting what would have been an international booking for a domestic booking, and those can potentially be higher ADRs because historically, international travel typically resulted in a higher ADR and longer stay. And to the extent that some of that is substituting into domestic, that could be helping our ADRs on a country-by-country basis because in some of our core countries in Europe, we actually saw ADRs up quite meaningfully in the quarter. So there's a number of mix related things going on within the whole ADR environment. And as I said, essentially flat, just down a couple of points in total in the quarter despite the fact that we know that like-for-like, there are certainly ADR pressures in the marketplace. And Deepak, I missed the second part of your question, could you just repeat that, please?
Deepak Mathivanan: Yes. No, I was just going to ask, how should we think about the down 35 and room night on an equal and dollar bookings basis? Is that -- to your point, should we view that as fairly close?
David Goulden: No, no, we took -- well, in terms of -- well, no, there's still going to be an ADR pressure on that. So what we said was we're down 35 in July in room nights on a newly booked basis, down 45 on a reported basis, the cancellation rates running a little higher than they were last year. And then a few points more than that down in terms of gross bookings and revenue.
Deepak Mathivanan: Got it. That's very helpful. Great. Thanks, David.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Almond with JPMorgan.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Dave on for Doug. Thanks. Thank you for taking the questions. First one, could you talk about the profile of the people who are still traveling, for example, would you consider them to be avid travelers with higher LCVS? And they're traveling despite all that is happening? Or just people who are traveling because they have to? And could you just tie that to how important you think it is to gain shares early in the recovery? And then secondly, for David, on the fixed cost side, given your comments about cost savings being more volume related, should we expect these costs to come back with volume returning? And do you think margins will look meaningfully different when volumes return to pre-COVID levels?
David Goulden: Why don't you take the first one, and I'll take the second.
Glenn Fogel: Yes. So in terms of profile, I have not looked in any sort of customer segmentation recently in terms of the write-down. So I can't speak specifically in terms of deep debt on the profiles. But I would say that it would not surprise me if I did it now next week, it will show not that different in terms of what it was pre-COVID. People still want to travel, people still sometimes have to travel, and sometimes do it voluntarily, but the shape is -- the change is where they're traveling and how they're traveling. So, for example, because people can, as I mentioned, you can't travel internationally from the U.S. to Europe, let's say, what is happening, those people are traveling domestically. And we've seen that in terms of people very much wanting to travel close to home at first, because they want to be able to drive there, because concerned about getting on a plane. But in terms of the actual different types of customers within it, I don't think I've seen much of anything, except for one thing that I think is very, very critical to talk about, and that is business travel. Now we have always been a much more leisure oriented company. And we all know from the businesses that we work in that business travel has been significantly curtailed or stopped? And what does that do? Well, certain properties, certain supply chain, for example, high-end hints that are no longer able to get that high ADR revenue. And that, of course, is helping in terms of a distributor like us because we have leisure customers to help fill those things. Now how long will this go? This is a long-term trend. I think that this could be helpful to us, and may be helpful to us in the long-term. As the shift from business to leisure continues for a long time, we will be in a better position with our supply partners because we're able to provide them with what they need, which is heads and beds.
David Goulden: Yes. And on the cost side of things. So yes, we said the majority of the personnel reductions will be in volume-related functions. Obviously, that will -- those will, over time, come back. We look to continue to drive efficiency in many of those areas through our business, over time through automation and other areas. So they don't necessarily have to come back for job as volume return, they will come back. And in terms of our expectation for the longer-term when we get to pre-COVID levels, which as we said, is not about quarters but is about years. We expect the business to have a very attractive margins when demand fully recovers. All things being equal, we expect to have industry-leading margins in the long-term. Obviously, the business in the future will look a little different than it did pre-COVID. For example, we're building out new products like air which will be dilutive to margin rate, but will also be important to our business and our strategy in the connected trip and selling more accommodations. So there'll be puts and takes, but we expect to have industry-leading margins in the longer term.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you both.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Stephen Ju with Credit Suisse.
Stephen Ju: Okay. Thank you. So Glenn, is the nature of the personnel reductions going to be, I guess, evenly distributed across your focused regions? Or are you planning any geographical exits of the business as a whole? And I guess in a roundabout way, I'm trying to ask about your plans to go after the China outbound opportunity? And also just following up on the connected trips. You recently signed an agreement with Kiwi, I believe to distribute their content. So where are you in the integration process? And how will this be presented? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel : Yes. So two separate questions. So in terms of, again, we're having our conversations with our important partners, works councils, employee organizations, et cetera, and having going through this site Booking.com. And the key thing we mentioned is how a lot of this is volume related. So where the volume is most effective areas are going to end up having a higher weighted impact. That's just the way it's obviously going to happen. I don't think you can -- we certainly are not purposely coming with a strategy change. We believe that it's important for us to be able to provide travel services throughout the world, as the leader in the world, we want to maintain that. In terms of our regular amusement, I think that's what you're talking about Kiwi, correct?
Stephen Ju: Yes.
Glenn Fogel : Right. So we think attractions is an important part of our connected trip theory and strategy that we've talked about. And the faster we can get different types of attractions up and running and available to our customers the better. However, we do the connection ourselves, where we go out, we partner with somebody or we buy somebody, whatever it is, we want to get that stuff up, so we can provide that value. And [indiscernible] is a great partner. They had proposition. We decide to join up. And we are now live in a certain number of cities, and we are going to continue to build that out. And I believe that this is one of the things that will help really provide value. When somebody is traveling, they use that app that David mentioned, more people use the app. And when you're in a location and you're able, just one touch be able to go to an attraction. I think that's a convenience, and we'll be able that value, a price differential. I think that, again, will give us a competitive advantage, but we're going to have the supply first, of course.
Stephen Ju: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Post with Bank of America.
Justin Post: Great. Thanks for taking my question. I apologize, if it's already been asked, but just thinking about hotel recovery and hotel industry as they try to get back on their feet. First, how do you think about air capacity? And -- are the airlines going to be even more dependent on leisure travel? Or is there going to be a little bit of a less capacity out there? And then secondly, as the hotels really go-to-market and start filling their rooms, about maybe 2021 or 2022, what advantages -- offering discounts or promotions on booking, could they have versus maybe going to Google or your competitors? How are you thinking about really -- I don't want to say take an advantage, but really, building booking out as a great place to go to find deals and help hotels to find fill inventory? Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: Yes. So two separate things. So the first thing about airlines, and I was just talking about the potential long-term change in business travel, which would, of course, impact the financial structures of a lot of airlines that make a lot of their profits when everybody is up in the front of the plane. And if that's not there, that's not going to happen. On the other hand, though, we'll know that places like Ryanair has been extremely successful in Southwest, extremely essential long-term, without having a very high, very expensive first-class or business class product. Overall, I believe that this could be a change in terms of leisure, it does become more important and that generates tilts favorable to us because we are a more leisure-oriented company.  In terms of the hotels, so I said, I don't -- same type of thing with some of our partners who are more dependent on the business traveler. And as they continue to even come back or cover, it's going to -- for some of them, it's going to be a little bit harder because they're not going to get that very high ADR business person and they will be looking for someone like us. And you mentioned that going to a Google direct or hotels are going to do anything that can way to get me. If it's cost-effective, they will do it. Now over the years, we have established something that actually is more cost effective, that is an easier way and for most of the hotels around the world, they cannot get anywhere near our capabilities to bring them demand around the world. They don't operate in the number of languages we do. They don't do the customer service in those languages. They don't have the sophisticated machine learning. They don't have all the things -- I can list so many that we do, and we do it in a fraction of the cost that will cause them to even try to do that. So it's financially advantageous for them to work with us to get that demand. And as the one of the biggest demand platform in the world for travel, there's no hotel in the world discussing, well, I just don't want to do that. No, they're got to do that. And if there is a marginal benefit to go into another channel to well use that too. But I'm not concerned about hotels not coming to us even more so nowadays. 
Justin Post: Thank you, Glenn.
Operator:   And your next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney with RBC. 
Mark Mahaney: Okay. Thanks. Two questions, please. Glenn, have you seen any impact from the cut back in performance marketing spend by Expedia in the North American market? Does that -- have you seen any interesting dynamics? Or is the overall just dramatic decline in travel demand, just making that impossible to really call out? And then I want to ask a long-term question about -- I think if you hadn't have COVID this year, there would have been more evidence that booking was building out kind of an operating system for lodging worldwide. I think that was part of your strategy to payments, website development, etcetera. If I interpreted it right, and I think I had -- could you talk about like how much that's been pushed back because of this COVID crisis and your thoughts on if we're -- if we can possibly look out two or three years, how far you are towards building an operating system for lodging and globally? Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: HI, Mark. So I can't comment much about Expedia or what they're doing. So I'm sure you see more Google puts out in terms of numbers, etcetera. We're pleased with what we're doing. It's the same strategy that we've had. We're looking to high-quality traffic. We're trying to do it. It's harder now for us just in terms of the miles we use in the past obviously are not as valuable now because cancellations are so affected by government changes. And it's a more difficult thing. We're trying to do it the way we've always done it is not is not doing anything foolish, but I really can't talk about Expedia strategy on what they're doing.  In terms of the operating system, so we're not really building an operating system in terms of going out and trying to build a PMs for hotels. That's not our idea. What we want to do is provide a very integrated benefit for the hotels that makes it so they're getting great value out of things that we're doing with them. So for example, you mentioned the issue of building websites for hotels. That's been pulled back significantly. That was -- some of that is not longer being pushed forward. What we are doing though, is working with them as we build out our connected trip. For example, let's go with a ground transportation and working with them perhaps, in a way that they don't have a way for their customers to get there from the hotel. Well, certainly, we have a way with our customers who come to us first to book, but we can also work with them. So, if a customer booked with some other distributor, not forbid, is correct. We can still create something that would enable them to also be part of that to getting that ground transportation and such. So I think that's more the orientation. Now you talk about how much has been pushed back? Yes, of course, things have been pushed back. And I think that you can always work it by the number of months that we have these kinds of situations with demand so far down is the number of months that we've been pushed back. But I did make that point about -- it was asked about the workforce reduction, the stuff. We're not stopping on investing. We're still investing, and we're still pushing forward to create this connected trip, because that will be our competitive advantage down the road.
Mark Mahaney: Okay. Thanks a lot, Glenn.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Daniel Powell with Goldman Sachs.
Daniel Powell: Great, thanks for taking the questions. Two, if I may. On the first, I want to come back to the direct bookings proportion and you said that it was still above 50%. I guess, could you describe some of the puts and takes and reasons that number might not be moving higher for you during this period where suppliers and competitors might be more constrained from a marketing perspective and from a scale perspective?
Glenn Fogel: Yes. So, hypothesize why it's not a higher number. I'm not going to try and do that. I'll say that we're pleased with where we are with our direct bookings. We want to continue to increase it. We've seen our app downloads to be increasing nicely. We'd like -- we've seen that and like that. We're going to continue on the steady pace that we're on. Certainly, we could have increased it, perhaps if we were willing to spend a huge amount of money on brand marketing. But I made the point about why that would not be the most efficient use of our money. It would drive up perhaps the direct bookings a little bit, but at an incredible cost. So, we always want to make sure that we're getting the right bang for our buck, so to speak, and we're pleased with what the pace we're going at.
David Goulden: I'd just add that when things are down on the level they are right now, I mean, we're talking when things are down over 80%. I mean, we're talking about mixed numbers now on a much reduced volume basis. So I think we're going to have to wait and see how it plays out. We're so confident that we're moving in the right direction. And as Glenn said, there are many puts and takes when things are moving as rapidly as they are with volume levels as they are.
Daniel Powell: Thanks. That's really helpful. And then second one, with the shift to alternative accommodations and the relative strength that you're seeing there in the business. Is there anything from a modeling perspective, we should be looking out for their tailwinds to take rate? Are there higher customer service and payments related costs? Sort of what are some of the things we should look out for there?
Glenn Fogel: Yes. We've said a couple of things about the alternative accommodation business. As you know, historically, they've had lower operating margins, not because of the take rate difference, but because basically, the reason that you just mentioned. There are typically more touch points, which we've been doing a lot of work to automate. So, we have definitely been working to close that gap and have been closing that gap. And of course, alternative operating, a nice healthy profit margin throughout 2019. So, there are some mix shift differences. There's not a massive gap between the two segments, but there is a difference, mainly again due to touch points, but things we've been working on. So, it's not a trend that we are particularly concerned about. It doesn't, in total, make a big difference to the operating margins.
David Goulden: And as Glenn said, we're uniquely positioned. So, as demand fluctuates, because we believe that this push towards alternative is certainly happening when people are feeling less safe about travel, when people feel more safe about travel, potentially, things might normalize. And then we're in a great position to continue to work on all aspects of the accommodation marketplace.
Glenn Fogel: And there's one thing long-term that we are thinking deeply about is, because this style of accommodation, has seen this increase, but I would imagine many people have not used it before. And they have now found it to be, it's not so bad, I like this. So in the long run, there could be a lot more demand for this, and sort of, let's say, accelerated trend that can go out for a long time. But what that means, though, there would be a change in the supply side in the long-term. And you'll see many, many people in the accommodation business perhaps who previously had not -- or just dipping their toe and creating this type of accommodation, the combination. We'll be putting investment capital into it and it becomes more and more professionalized. And as this becomes more and more professionalized, that will help lower the frictions, lower those costs and I believe what David was just talking about the difference in terms of the operating margin, and which we've already seen close tremendously will close even more so.
Daniel Powell: Got it. Thanks so much for the detail.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Lee Horowitz with Evercore ISI. 
Lee Horowitz: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Just one, I'm wondering if we could dig in a bit on the July trends across Europe. David, you talked about deterioration plateauing in countries like Spain or Belgium, but you didn't mention any kind of some of the other regions in the area. Is it fair to think that the region as a whole continues to improve? And then, Glenn, you talked about the demand pull forward for alternative accommodations. I guess, is it fair to think that you're looking at this as perhaps a stickier trend, a structural shift that's being perhaps pulled forward from COVID? Or do you think it's mostly just the sign of the times? Thanks so much.
David Goulden: Yes, let me answer the room night growth question trend question firstly. So what we saw in July and Europe was continued improvements. So we saw continued improvement in June and into July in aggregate. As I mentioned, we called out a couple of countries where we are seeing things towards end of July slowdown or go down a little bit. But in aggregate, July was up for newly room nights compared to June in Europe. Whereas in the U.S., the biggest improvement was in June and then things actually basically flattened out in July in the U.S. So Europe where things were still improving in the U.S., they flattened out with June and July being about the same.
Glenn Fogel: So Lee, I'm not try to say -- I don't think it's a step change, I suppose, but it's just an extension of a long-term trend. And when you think about some of the other trends that have been happening that have been accelerated, the idea of vacations where people say, okay, I don't want to go to work on a Friday. I'm going to take me a long weekend around a place or something like that. And there with so many people who have learned that they can work remotely that increase in that, I'll take Friday off and take -- go down to the beach or get something like ultra recommendation or whatever. I see all those trends accelerating and that really helps that combinations. Because if you're going to take a couple of days away from work, where you are working, but you're not at work, you want something more than a double occupancy, hotel property. You may want a separate room that you can do your work from. So all of these things are coming together, so I think it is something that going to -- it's accelerated already. I think it's going to continue for a long time. And we feel pretty good about the fact that we are very well positioned and continue to grow out our alternative combinations. And at the same time, for the people who want that hotel. They want the resort. They want somebody else changing the sheets, we got that too. So I think for me, we're looking good for the future as travel comes back, which we know it will. It always has, it always will and the more we read about some of these vaccines perhaps coming out in the not-so-distant future, we're pretty positive about the long term.
Lee Horowitz: Great. Thank you both.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. So I want to just give you some concluding remarks. And I just have to absolutely thank all of our employees again, they have been working so hard since the beginning of this crisis, helping our partners, helping our customers in these incredibly difficult times, doing it from home. The near-term may be volatile. It's going to be volatile. As I just said, I am so confident, though, about the long-term value proposition that we're putting together. And I'm actually focused on the steps we're taking today to make sure we have a better company tomorrow. Please be safe and good night.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-07 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Booking Holdings First Quarter 2020 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  These forward-looking statements are not guaranteed of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical facts are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings' actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the safe harbor statement at the end of the Booking Holdings' earnings press release as well as Booking Holdings' most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings' earnings release -- press release together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings' website, www.bookingholdings.com.  And now I'd like to introduce Booking Holdings speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and David Goulden. Please go ahead.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you, and welcome to Booking Holdings' First Quarter Conference Call. I'm joined this afternoon by our CFO, David Goulden. We are living in difficult times. Since our last call in February, the spread of COVID-19 has grown exponentially, bringing uncertainty, turmoil [Technical Difficulty] ever seen. Billions of people have been under stay-at-home orders, and there have been and continue to be closures of orders, government enforce travel restrictions and strict guidelines regarding social distancing. These actions have profoundly affected our industry in every corner of this [indiscernible]. While our Q1 reported room nights declined 43% year-over-year, we did not see the virus' full negative force on our business until mid- to late March. So the 43% decline does not truly reflect the state of our business nor the travel industry today. In March, our reported room nights declined over 100%, meaning we received more cancellations during that month in new bookings.  Looking at things a different way. Our newly booked room nights, which exclude the impact of cancellations, were down over 60% year-over-year in March and down over 85% in April. This gives you a clear indication of how much our business is currently impacted by this crisis. That being said, while the virus impact on travel is unprecedented, I am confident that this crisis will eventually end and people will travel again. Travel is fundamental to who we are. And while it may take some time to return to pre-COVID-19 levels, we will get there eventually. And then we'd expect travel to continue to grow thereafter.  So what are we doing now as we wait for effective treatments for a successful vaccine? During the first quarter, when it became clear that the virus impact was going to be more significant than anyone initially anticipated, we quickly developed a series of plans to help us navigate through these challenging times. One, stabilize the business from the immediate shock of the crisis; two, optimize the business for the expected decrease in travel demand over the next few years; and three, position the business to capture travel demand when it returns. So we can emerge from this crisis on strong footing and extend our leadership position.  As we entered the stabilization phase at the beginning of the crisis, our employees' health and safety was a top priority. But what we have -- although we have a few offices currently open in Asia, the vast majority of our employees are now working from home, including our customer service teams, which is no small accomplishment considering the technology requirements and the huge increase in change requests and cancellations that we experienced. I am very proud of our teams and pleased to say that we are functioning well in this new distributed environment.  Another immediate priority was helping our customers and our supply partners. For a number of weeks, we were fielding a significantly higher number of daily inbound calls than we typically received. For our customers, this entailed supporting them as they sought refunds from bookings that were no longer possible due to government regulations or made requests to modify their travel plans. For our partners, many of whom do not have the ability to process such a large volume of customer service calls, we supported them by handling the unprecedented level of cancellations and date modifications request.  Looking ahead, we'll be working with our trial partners to create plans to stimulate trial orders to book again once this crisis is behind us. We know how critical it will be to bring demand to our supply partners in a cost-effective way. Also as part of our stabilization plan, we took immediate steps to conserve cash and increase liquidity such as halting stock buybacks, dramatically reducing marketing spend worldwide, cutting nonessential costs, implementing a general hire increase and reducing executive compensation, with our brand CEOs and I forgoing salaries during this crisis, and the other senior managers throughout the company voluntarily reducing their base salaries and our Board of Directors forgoing their cash fees. In addition to reducing costs, we bolstered our liquidity by raising over $4 billion in debt. These measures have enabled us to have sufficient liquidity to weather a long period of significantly reduced travel demand and have the necessary resources to invest in securing demand when people are ready to travel again.  We've now begun to refine and execute our optimized plan in which we will adapt to the new reality that assumes it will be -- likely be years, not quarters, before we witness a full recovery of global travel demand. We believe that either a vaccine or effective treatment is needed before people will feel fully comfortable traveling the way they did before the pandemic started. And even after our vaccine or treatment is declared safe and effective, we believe it may be some time before there is efficient quantity and distribution to them to give people and governments confidence for people to travel freely. Furthermore, as in pre-COVID-19 days, that will be dependent on the overall economy, consumers' financial health having gone through a very deep recession and consumers' confidence in their own economic futures. For these reasons, we expect travel to fully recover a leader than many other industries. However, when travel demand does start to recover, we believe there'll be attractive growth opportunities.  We are in the process of assessing the cost structure of our entire company in helping plans to align it with expected market demand. As part of these efforts, we're also evaluating our strategic initiatives and the timing of significant expenditures. We intend to continue to invest in our key projects, such as payments, in the connected trip that we believe will position us well for the future. But we are also reexamining all areas of the company to see where can we reduce or delay cost where possible. Fortunately, our financial strength allows us to make strategic decisions oriented towards the long-term interest of the business. We recently completed a strategic evaluation on OpenTable and KAYAK, announcing last week a series of actions to reduce operating costs. Unfortunately, this included the decision to lay off and furlough some employees. As a principle during this crisis, we have not reached first for employee reductions to lower costs. But after making adjustments in other operating expense areas, we made the tough decision to ensure the size and scope of our business is proportionate to the new realities of the travel market. We are now working with the other brands to examine their cost structures, and we will be thoughtful and deliberate in our evaluations.  In an attempt to minimize the impact on our employees during these difficult times, we have been evaluating and employing various governmental financial support programs. Booking.com recently announced that it would participate in the employee aid program offered by the United Kingdom. And we were able to place employees on furlough there, which has enabled employees to receive a significant portion of their full-time salary. We have also applied to the Dutch government 15E under the recently enacted program to support employment in the Netherlands. This program provides funds to Dutch companies impacted by this crisis and covers a portion of employee salaries for a 3-month period with the requirement that companies which receive this aid maintain employment during the time the aid is provided. These programs, along with all the other steps we have taken, will help us support employees and maintain jobs as we continue to fully evaluate the operating environment. We will continue to look at other available options that might help us mitigate near-term headcount reductions during this period of significantly reduced revenue.  The actions we are taking are stabilization and optimization phases are being done so that we can capitalize quickly and efficiently on travel demand when it becomes safe for people to travel again. We want to emerge from this crisis and a strong organization that is equipped to deliver for our customers and our partners will capitalize and in a position to increase our market share when the world is ready to travel again.  On a smaller but somewhat positive note, we are seeing some stability in our newly booked room night growth trends. We hope that this is the beginning of the road back to recovery, but it is simply too early to say with certainty. Some governments have seen progress in limiting or reducing the pandemic. They have slowly begun to reopen their economies, and we have seen new bookings, primarily for domestic travel, although still at very low levels. Some or many of these reservations may ultimately be canceled, but we believe it does show that travel for essential business and personal reasons will slowly return as society makes progress against the pandemic. As travel returns, we expect to see improvement in our revenue.  We are also prepared for disruption in that progress as relaxation of social distancing in some geographies may lead to a resurgence of infections and reinstatement of government restrictions. Our aim is to optimize the business to participate in the ultimate return of demand [Technical Difficulty].
David Goulden: Hello are we still on the line?
Operator: Yes, one moment, please.
David Goulden: Thank you. Hello, operator, can you hear me?
Operator: Yes, I can hear you.
David Goulden: Okay. Am I live on the line?
Operator: Yes, you are.
David Goulden: Thank you. Thank you, Glenn, and good afternoon. Operator, am I on the line? Can you confirm that, please? I can...
Operator: Yes, you are, sir.
David Goulden: Thank you. Thank you, Glenn, and good afternoon. I'll review our operating results for the first quarter, discuss our stabilization initiative to bolster our liquidity and provide some color on trends we saw in April. All growth rates related to the prior year comparable period, unless otherwise indicated. Information regarding reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP can be found in our earnings release.  Now on to our results for the quarter. At the time of our last earnings call on February 26, the outbreak of COVID-19 was largely contained to Asia, and we're yet to see a meaningful impact in our business across Europe or North America. As we moved into March, the COVID outbreak continues to spread throughout Europe and North America, leading to the eventual declaration of a global pandemic and the implementation of numerous travel restrictions and shelter-in-place orders. Not surprisingly, we saw a resulting sharp duration of our top line trends in March with significant levels of cancellations and a substantial reduction in the level of new bookings. Although we only felt the full brunt of the COVID-19 pandemic around mid- to late March, our Q1 results were still significantly negatively impacted.  Our Q1 reported room nights declined 43% for the fourth quarter. However, that decline exceeded 100% in March, we received more cancellation of the new bookings in the month. Our cancellation rate peaked in mid-March, has been steadily improving then as we work through the way the cancellation of bookings made prior to the imposition of restrictions on travel. Gross bookings declined 51% in Q1, which is a greater decline than reported room nights due to average daily rates for accommodations decreasing about 15% year-on-year on a constant currency basis. Consolidated non-GAAP revenue for the first quarter was $2.3 billion and decreased 21% year-on-year. Revenue in the quarter was less negatively impacted the room nights and gross bookings due to the fact that many cancellations were received in Q1 were checks -- that were expected to occur later -- were expect to occur in later quarters. Adjusted Q1 for EBITDA was $290 million, which was down 60% year-on-year. We benefit from having a highly variable cost structure that naturally declines in periods of low travel demand. As Glenn noted, we are taking further actions in reducing other areas of spend as we stabilize and then move to optimize and line our cost structure with the new demand environment. With that being said, there were some areas of expense pressure in the quarter related to COVID-19 pandemic that I'll walk you through.  Marketing expense, which is a highly variable expense, decreased 29% year-on-year, as we saw a significant reduction in demand in the paid channels. In addition, we took actions to substantially reduce our brand marketing spend in response to the diminished travel demand environment. We expect our marketing expense will remain significantly below 2019 levels for the remainder of the year. Sales and other expenses increased 75% year-on-year due primarily to $183 million increase in provisions for expected bad debt and other credit losses resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic.  Excluding the impact of the increased provision we recorded in the quarter, sales and other decreased 10% year-on-year as this expense line is substantially variable in nature. For example, we recorded lower expenses associated with payments in Q1. This reduction was partially offset by higher outsourced customer service costs as we work through the heavy volume of cancellations we received in the quarter. Personnel expense decreased 3% year-over-year, primarily due to a decrease in stock-based compensation which was impacted by reduced financial performance as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Excluding SBC expenses, personnel increased 12% year-over-year and although we have implemented a hiring freeze, personnel expense this quarter was impacted by annualized hires that were made last year. We expect the pressure on personnel expense will diminish as we move through the year.  G&A expenses increased 6% year-over-year largely driven by higher indirect taxes, including digital service taxes. Excluding these indirect taxes, G&A expense decreased 7% year-over-year as we reduced discretionary expenses such as G&A expense. We will see less year-over-year pressure on G&A from digital service taxes once we lap the enactments of the French DST, which occurred in Q3 of last year.  Finally, information technology expenses increased 20% year-on-year, driven by higher software fees and outsourced data center and cloud costs. On a GAAP basis, we incurred an operating loss of $308 million as our GAAP operating expenses in the quarter included a charge of $489 million related to an impairment of goodwill for OpenTable and KAYAK. This impairment charge is driven by a reduced financial projections as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. We excluded the impairment of goodwill for our non-GAAP results. Our Q1 GAAP net loss was $699 million. Our Q1 GAAP net loss includes $307 million of pretax losses on our equity investments in Trip.com and Meituan and the $100 million impairment charge related to our strategic investments. This was partially offset by $33 million of FX remeasurement gains on our euro bonds. We exclude these unrealized losses, impairment charge and remeasurement gains from our non-GAAP results.  Now on to our cash and liquidity position. Our Q1 ending cash and investment balance was $9.2 billion, which decreased from our December ending balance by $11.8 billion due to several factors, including the following primary drivers. First, we had $380 million of operating cash outflow in the quarter, which was driven by an $820 million use of cash due to change in working capital as well as the lower earnings we generated in the quarter. Working capital in Q1 was negatively impacted by a prepayment of tax rate in the Netherlands of 719 -- $717 million that was subsequently refunded in April. The large reductions in our deferred merchant bookings, accounts payable and accrued expenses balances were mostly offset by the significant reduction in our accounts receivable balance in Q1. The deferred merchant booking reduction was driven by both lower bookings and customer refunds. We expect these balances will all continue to decline in the low level of bookings we are currently seeing in the business.  Second, we repurchased $1.3 billion of our stock in Q1, almost all of which was purchased under a stock buyback plan we filed last November. We halted buybacks as soon as we recognize the growing impact of the pandemic. Third, we had CapEx of $80 million in the quarter. And finally, the value of our investments decline in parts by the $307 million unrealized loss on equity securities and the $100 million impairment related to a strategic investment that I mentioned earlier. In addition, we had $106 million decline in investment value that did not impact the P&L but was reflected in the balance sheet. The majority of the remaining $288 million difference between cash and investments at year-end on March 31, is primarily due to the timing of the settlement of sales was from corporate bonds that were classified in prepaid expenses and other assets at the end of March. These sales have settled in April and moved into cash and investments.  In our efforts to stabilize the business from the immediate shock of the crisis, we've taken several steps to show up and bolster our liquidity position. We halted repurchase of our stock, and we will not initiate repurchases until we have better visibility into the shape and timing of a recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic. We worked to receive a refund in April of the prepayment of taxes in the Netherlands that was made early in Q1. We amended our revolving credit facility to substitute a minimum liquidity covenants for the previous leverage covenants due in June 21 to ensure we continue to have access to the source of liquidity. And finally, and most notably, we completed a bond and convertible note offering on April 8 that raised $4.1 billion of capital.  If you adjust our March 31 ending cash investment balance of $9.2 billion for our bond and convertible note offering and the settlement of the corporate bond sales and the refund of the Dutch tax prepayments, all of which occurred in April, on March 31, cash and investment balance will increase to about $14.3 billion. Approximately $12 billion of this is highly liquid after considering the actions we've taken, including recently completing the sale of our trip.com ADSs, moving on cash and investments into corporate -- moving on cash and investments in corporate bonds into AAA treasury and government money market funds. After the bond and convertible offering, we have about $13 billion of debt, $4 billion of which matures before the end of 2022.  Due to the COVID-19 crisis, I will not provide quarterly guidance like we normally do. However, I will provide some color from our preliminary April results, which will give you a clear picture of our recent top line trends considering that April was the first month fully impacted by the pandemic. As Glenn mentioned, our newly booked room nights in April were down over 85% year-on-year. As a reminder, newly booked room nights excludes the impact of cancellations. Of course, these new bookings may be canceled in the future, especially as the very high percentage of new bookings in April were made with flexible cancellation policies. Reported room nights continue to be negative in April as cancellations outpaced new bookings. We expect our revenue in April to have a greater year-on-year decline than newly booked room nights, considering the impact of the cancellations in March for April stays. And also since many hotels, especially in Europe, were not open in April. New bookings revenue for full second quarter may vary from April's results, depending upon the level of travel demand and a combination of availability we experienced in May and June.  Now as Glenn noted, we're seeing some stability in our newly booked room night growth trends with a year-on-year decline rate being quite consistent for April after reducing rapidly through the first quarter. We believe that domestic travel will rebound sooner than international travel as we expect travelers to look to their home country or region first for a safe level option.  In April, we witnessed a meaningfully higher domestic mix in our business. Historically, domestic accommodation bookings represents about 45% of Booking.com's total business. And if we consider Western Europe as one market, the historic mix increases to about 55%. In April, Booking.com's domestic share increased to approximately 70%. And if you consider Western Europe as one market, the domestic mix increased over 75%. Towards the end of April, we saw some very early indications that domestic travel was starting to return in certain markets where shelter-in-place rules were relaxed, including Greater China, South Korea, Vietnam and Germany. Newly booked room nights in the U.S. declined less than our global average in April, and we saw an improvement in domestic travel during April, but we cannot tie this to relaxing of shelter-in-place rules, and these have only happened in a few states and in recent days.  I must emphasize again that it's too early to say we're witnessing anything like a broad rebound in travel, especially as we've seen some countries like Singapore, where travel demand was less impacted than other places initially, but is now seeing significant travel demand decreases associated with new outbreaks. If we look across all our business, the rates -- the decline rate for newly booked room nights in the last few days in April was only a few percent better than the decline rate in the first few days. We've also observed a meaningful change in Booking.com's customer booking behavior. In April, their customers mainly booked either very close to stay or several months out. The combined mix of both very short booking and bookings for over 2 months' time is twice the normal amount. This booking behavior change has also been accompanied by an increase in mobile bookings, particularly in our app, helping drive a higher mix of direct bookings, and we'll continue to focus on providing our customers with a great app experience.  As Glenn emphasized, we have a tough road ahead of us as we look to navigate through the unprecedented challenges that COVID-19 has presented to us. We're working hard to stabilize our business through actions, including our cost-savings initiatives and a significant bolstering of our liquidity position. We'll continue to optimize our business and our costs to align with expected market demand, and we'll work to position ourselves to capitalize upon the reemergence of travel demand, when that time occurs and whenever that demand occurs. We have the confidence that through these actions, we'll be well positioned to come out of this crisis and extend our global leadership role in the travel marketplace. With that, we will take your questions.
Glenn Fogel: And David, can you hear me?
David Goulden: I can hear you now, Glenn.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first response is from Mark Mahaney, RBC Capital.
Mark Mahaney: Maybe I'll try two questions. First, David, I think at the end, you talked about this increase in app bookings or a rise in direct bookings. Is that something you actually were able to drive that just happened randomly? And is there a way that coming out of this crisis that at the margin, you can tilt more of your bookings to you can accelerate this transition to direct bookings? And then secondly, thanks for the data points on the improvements in a couple of the markets. Any quantification on those? Is there any way to say that any of these markets, South Korea, Vietnam, whatever, are back at down 50% or something like that? Like what's the -- can you kind of draw the curve a little bit, if it -- or it may be too early?
David Goulden: Yes, Mark, this is David. I'll take that. Let me go to the second question first. We have called out markets where there's been a double-digit improvement in the rate of decline from the start of April to the end of April. We really only kept our remarks through the month of April because early trends in May are too early to call. So I'm not going to tell you exactly how much they're down. I mentioned to that in total, even with this improvement we've seen in these markets, all-in room like decline rate is only a few points better at the end of the month than it was at the start. But the markets that we called out we see double-digit improvements during the course of the month of April. In terms of the shift towards app, first of all, I'll just caveat, as I said before, anything that we talk about in terms of April when we're running at kind of 10% to 15% of our normal volumes, you have to take and qualify through that lens and try not to draw too big a trend from it.  We did see during the course of the month that we saw more app customers, we saw more Genius customers, which is often tied to app use as well. And we're pleased the fact that in the areas we saw some demand increase or we saw the residual demand occur, more was going into the app. We'll continue to try and emphasize the app as we come first because we want to make sure that we drive more direct business and of course to the app, is one of the strongest ways to drive direct business. But I wouldn't say there was a particular strategy that drove us there. I'm pleased that, that's the way the things came out, and we're going to continue to understand how our customers are buying and try and continue that trend as demand starts to recover.
Mark Mahaney: Thank you, David. Thank you, Glenn. Wishing you both the best.
David Goulden: Thank you, Mark.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you.
Operator: Your next response is from Kevin Kopelman with Cowen.
Kevin Kopelman: Great. I just wanted to dig into the cost trends that you're seeing in April and also what you're planning for going forward. So could you help us think about that? Maybe starting with advertising, how that might trend relative to that new bookings metric? And then moving on to personnel and your other big chunks of expenses, what you're planning for there?
Glenn Fogel: David, why don't you...
David Goulden: Yes. Thank you, Kevin. Thank you, Glenn. Let me take that. So marketing expenses are going to correlate quite closely to the rate of newly booked room nights. So you can assume a close correlation there. I've actually walked through a number of these in the prepared remarks to Q1, Q2, but just to summarize, sales and other -- obviously, a piece of that is -- a large piece of that is tied to our merchant platform, and that is variable with volume, but things like customer service costs and bad debt, as you saw, was a major factor in Q1. Those may continue to be a factor in Q2. Next biggest area, of course, is personnel. And as we mentioned, the hiring freeze and the other actions that we took did not have much of an impact in Q1.  In Q2, you'll get the full impact of those. Also to the extent that we are successful with our application for kind of aid that would generally help Q2 and some of the optimization actions that we've already taken, like KAYAK and OpenTable, will also help Q2. So as we move through the year and continue with optimization activities, that will also help with personnel expenses. We move through the year, although the government aid programs will be mainly focused upon Q2 and not the second half. As I mentioned, the pressure on decrease on G&A, particularly as we start to lap the DST expenses last year. And information technology is an interesting line. We saw obviously a fair amount of pressure on that in Q1. I pointed out that some of those costs related to our volumes. And even though our revenues were basically not pretty high in Q1, the volumes that we had to process through the business through refunds and cancellations, et cetera, were also high and that drove it costs up. That was one of the factors. We expect there to be less pressure on that line going through the rest of the year.
Kevin Kopelman: And then if I could just ask one quick follow-up. Can you talk about how successful you've been in getting refunds out to customers who have had to cancel and also helping them coordinate refunds when they're dealing with the hotels?
David Goulden: Yes. Well, Glenn.
Glenn Fogel: Yes. So this is a difficult issue. We have customers who have purchased reservations far in the future perhaps, that were nonrefundable. And then there was a case of a pandemic and is a force majeure situation. We have a situation where the customer says, well, I can't travel because the government has said that you cannot travel there and we have hoteliers who are saying, wait, I can't refund everybody, I may have even spent the money here, and it's a difficult situation. So we always believe in trying to do what is best for the customers, and our contracts with our hoteliers is completely set up for this exact situation -- in force majeure situation, in which case, go over a long history of travel. That in a situation like this, the hotel should refund the customer. So what we'll do is we will provide monies to the customer and recover from the hotel. Now we've talked about that there is an issue.  Many of these hotels are closed right now. There's nobody actually there to have discussions with. We hope to get a significant portion over, but we don't know yet if you're not talking with the people. We always want to come up with a good relationship with hotels. So as they reopen, as things start again, we want to do this in the best way possible. I don't think we have any specific numbers to give. David has put in the reserves. And I think that's -- we hope for the best going forward.
Operator: Your next response is from Naved Khan of SunTrust.
Naved Khan: Just a couple of questions. So in the new bookings that are coming in, are you seeing any kind of pattern in terms of people -- more people opting for maybe alternative lodging versus the hotel or quite diverse? And then in terms of just the fixed cost, I think, David, you gave us a sense of where these were on your Q4 call. I think you said less than 50% of the OpEx. And after the initiatives that you're taking -- that you've taken or will take -- give us a sense of where these could land ultimately.
David Goulden: Yes. Naved, on the new bookings, I mentioned the fact that we're seeing a bit of, what I call dumbell in the current patent, which means that they're either pretty close to the current stay or they're a long way out. What happened in the first quarter is hotel and alternative performed about the same. So they basically were almost in lockstep from a growth point of view throughout the quarter. In April, we saw a shift to alternative associated with those longer-term bookings. So we saw alternative combinations doing better in the April bookings, particularly at the far end of the dumbbell, which is the two month plus out bookings, particularly in the domestic markets where we saw some decent return rates in the domestic markets in the month of April.  So that's what we saw relative to the mix. On the fixed costs, we are still, as Glenn said, I think you have more detail in his commentary. We are still building our optimized plans for many parts of the business. We really only put those in place yet. In one of our business segments, and we're working through the other business segments as we speak. And of course, the timing of that is also going to be tied to what we're doing around some of the government A programs. So I don't want to come with the number just yet. I'll give you a data point, for example, that the reductions that we took at KAYAK and OpenTable, reduced the personnel and off expenses there by about 20%. And those will be part of that fixed or semi-fixed cost base we talked about. That's one example. Beyond that, I really don't want to go into any of these will be come to finalize our plans yet, but as we do and when we do, we'll let you know what we expect them to do to our cost base.
Naved Khan: Got it. Thank you and good luck.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you.
Operator: Your next response is from Brian Nowak of Morgan Stanley.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Alex Wang on for Brian. Just two questions. One, Glenn, you talked about sort of positioning the business to become stronger. Can you talk to us a little bit how you think about new strategies or approach in the U.S. market specifically coming out of the downturn? And then the second question, just given the state home dynamics and with strong social media use, do you see an opportunity to potentially use more social advertising to drive growth coming out of the downturn?
Glenn Fogel: Thanks, Alex. It's very important for us as we come out as optimize to make sure that we're doing everything we can to become a better competitor in the U.S. We've talked in the past that we believe we under-index in the U.S., and that is something that is important to counter and be able to do. One of the things that we believe is providing a better overall value proposition to the customers. It's also as we talked in the past, and making our customers more -- or potential customers aware of this better value proposition. And that goes through the connected trip that we've talked about in the past. Now importantly, we think that we'll be able to buy something different and better to the consumer. But your point is a good one about social media and how do we get that message to those consumers. And with our CMO came from Google, who has been here about 10 months now, we absolutely believe that social area -- social media is a way to try and drive that message to the consumer. And we will be doing things in the future, albeit always looking what's the right ROI for that. It does us no good to waste advertising money.
Operator: Your next response is from Lloyd Walmsley of Deutsche Bank.
Lloyd Walmsley: Two questions, if I can. First, can you just talk about how you see the P&L coming out of this? And specifically, do you think that performance marketing can structurally benefit perhaps from lower competition in advertising auctions? And then secondly, wondering if you're seeing any shift between kind of urban and more ski and beach type of locations in April bookings? And given somewhat of a shift to alternative, give us an update on how you feel about your whole home inventory position as people perhaps look to locations with less urban density.
Glenn Fogel: All right. Well, let me start with the second one first about the nature of the -- where is the demand going in April and such. And I can't give any more specifics beyond what we've already described to a slight increase in people going for the alternative accommodations over home. I can say, no, there's not a lot of skiing in April. So that's what I can tell you. Remind me, your first question was.
Lloyd Walmsley: First question was do you -- how do you see the P&L coming out of this? And then might there be some longer-term structural benefits and lower competition in advertising auctions?
Glenn Fogel: Yes. So one of the things that I think is important to understand, while we do believe that, certainly, because of this pandemic, some of the smaller players in the industry are going to have trouble going forward. But the big players are still going to be around. They're going to be very competitive as they were in the past. And they are the ones who are the sophisticated players in the performance marketing area. So I don't think it's going to change a great deal there since the people who've been -- we competing against the past are going to be the same people going forward. So I don't see significant change in there. In terms of the P&L, when we get to that place down the road, that training sun where we have fully recovered, I hope to be doing what we did in the past, have the leading margins in the industry and still growing nicely. And that's about the best one can put forward in terms of a long-term prediction.
Operator: Your next report is from Doug Almond of JPMorgan.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Dave Young on for Doug. So first one, can you talk about your business travel mix, what the mix was going into COVID-19 and do you have any data that suggests maybe what business is helping recovery in some of the markets where you are seeing some? And then in those markets where you are seeing some pickup in demand, were those countries recovering in a similar manner? Just looking to see if the timeline in those countries can help educate us on how other country recoveries might look like going forward?
Glenn Fogel: So why don't I take the latter one -- I'll let take the former one. One of the things I think is somewhat -- I think it's something that can be deceiving in terms of trying to take what has happened in one country and then model outcomes everywhere else. And we've seen a little bit of cases where countries have begun to open up doing better. But then because they opened up the economy, there's a resurgence in infection, and then they put in the reinstatement of the restrictions and things go back. And I think it's hard to do that. And also, you have different countries that have different travel patterns. And also -- so I definitely would not -- I definitely would not take what is happening in one and then apply that across the entire world, saying, okay, that's how this is going to roll out. I think that'd be a chance to come up with a very bad prediction for the future. And David, in terms of the first question?
David Goulden: Nothing really -- no major update on business travel as we don't have a formal percentage. We have a self-declared estimate that maybe as much as 1/5 of our business might be business travel, but it's not an always in number. It's not a number that we really track or spend a lot of time looking at. It's basically just a self-declared booking field. What I would say is -- and obviously, as Glenn said, we're just talking about very small deviation. We're trying to give as much color as we can for what we saw in April. What I will tell you, and it's pretty obvious that our domestic business was -- rates grew appreciably faster than the international rates. And to the extent that business travel was international. That's still very depressed. I'm not saying a large piece of -- obviously, a chunk of it is. So that's another way to look at it. We don't really have any specific data for the month of April, what happened to business travel versus non-business travel other than the fact that we know what happened to domestic versus international.
Operator: Your next response from Stephen Ju of Crédit Suisse.
Stephen Ju: Earning and experimenting to merchandise better to the customer and connected travel have been themes you've been talking about for some time now. But with the demand environment being what it is, does that slow down the product development team in terms of the ability to innovate because I guess there's a comparative lack of data and consumer behavior. I guess your competitors are probably struggling with the same difficult circumstances as well. But strictly, as you think about what you wanted to achieve for booking in terms of product development and what the company looks like on the other side of the crisis?
Glenn Fogel: You're right. One of the things that's been a great advantage for us is our experimentation ability because with more data, we able to come up with insights and be able to develop things much faster. And that's always been a great advantage for us. And if there's no demand, you're right, it's hard to put something in and say, is this working or not? How well does this work or not. So I agree with you that, but 1 can still make great insights with what, in comparison, a small amount of data, but still can give you the insights. Don't forget, we were a lot smaller 10 to 15 years ago but we were able to come up with a lot of new things that were very valuable and help make us a leader in innovation in this industry. And we believe that we'll still be able to do that. And the connected trip will still be going forward because we do believe, and we are seeing -- we're seeing data before COVID that was indicating we're going in the right way. And I do believe that this will continue going forward. As demand comes back, we'll be able to do more and more with that data.
Operator: Your next response is from Eric Sheridan of UBS.
Eric Sheridan: The inventory longer term, Glenn. Any views about how supply might consolidate on the other side of COVID-19 just because of the benefits of needing scale versus some of the historical trends, which could be quite a positive for the OTAs as demand is needed and demand starts to pick up? Looking back at past periods, the OTAs tend to take share and tend to be a better partner for the hotel industry. So just curious about the relationship with supply and how you, yourself, see supply evolving over the long-term on the other side of COVID-19?
Glenn Fogel: In the long run, the very long run, there'll be supply that will be commensurate with what it was before COVID and it will match up with what it is in the long run. There may be, there may be in the period right now going forward or going to this recovery, that there may be some decline in some areas of supply that just isn't as great a place to stay. And therefore, the demand doesn't go there and prices have adjusted that the better quality places are a little bit cheaper and people will go grab a take there. But here's the point. The buildings don't disappear. The hotel business doesn't -- building there -- if there's demand, it will get to maybe a new owner, it may be recapitalized and such. But it will be there. So I think in the long run, I am not concerned about a constraint on supply that impacts our ability to provide great value to the consumer at all or a chance that the supplier doesn't need us anymore. I don't see that happening at all.
Operator: Your next response is from Deepak Mathivanan of Barclays.
Deepak Mathivanan: Glenn, how would you characterize your answer to the previous question on the alternative accommodation side? I mean accommodations has a great mix of inventory from urban apartments to with traditional vacation rentals, and also people like hosts that are using this in homes. Have you seen any meaningful disruption on that side? Is that something that's going to change meaningfully long-term in your view? And then second question, I was also going to ask about your thoughts on investing behind brand. It feels like particularly in markets like U.S., you can invest on brand and then support it with some of the direct channels to capture a meaningful share of the initial recovery demand. What are your views on that?
Glenn Fogel: Let me talk about the first one, we'll go back to the second one. So in terms of alternative accommodations, interesting question about will there be decline in the supply because there's no demand right now for many of them, and they just say, well, I'm not going to bother this, one. Two, is there an issue people are -- decide this isn't a great thing to do because they're concerned about having strangers in their homes and just don't want to have that, how long does that go for? You have also the trends beforehand about the regulatory environment, this issue of the pandemic increase regulatory restraints on the supply or not. The flip side of that is very interesting, of course, is where did the Airbnb and a lot of this business really come out of was the Great Recession in 2008, 2009, where a lot of people said I need to get extra income, so I'll rent out my spare bedroom or something of that nature.  Now of course, it's more to do a much more professional, I think. I think in the end, this is a good business for everybody. People like alternative accommodations. The people, the host, people own these properties, people are doing those cone industries, they like it. It's good money. And as demand comes back, they'll continue to do it. And there will be supply to meet that demand on the demand side. People, as you see right now, in just April alone, people see a need for it. I think that's good. I really don't see a lot of changes. One of the things -- and I'll just use your question to point to this is that people think the world is going to be so different and I don't think the world is going to be hugely different once we get past this. There have been pandemics in the past. I'll go back 100 years, go back, Hong Kong, flu, there have been pandemics. There have been terrible things. But in the end, people want to travel, people are willing to supply accommodations. And I don't see that there's going to be a great change in the long run. And your other question was?
Deepak Mathivanan: Yes. It was just on using brand advertising and supported with direct channels to capture a lot of the incremental demand during the initial recovery curve. Do you think that's something that's possible? How are you thinking about it, at least in certain markets like U.S., where it feels like brand advertising can be more efficient initially?
Glenn Fogel: Well, we're talking with the whole marketing team about that. One of the things you don't want to be doing. The reason we're not brand advertising right now is you don't want to be putting a message out when nobody is really listening or very few people are listening to it and you're spending the money for the number of people who you're spreading this message to who really are not interested in traveling right now. That's not an efficient use of the money. I talked a little earlier about we really want to be ROI-efficient in this. So I'm not sure -- certainly, when we think that enough people are ready to travel, then it'd be good to start pushing that message out to them. The critical thing is, when is that right point. We'll be measuring very carefully to see when that right time is.
Operator: Your next response is from Justin Post of Bank of America.
Justin Post: Two questions, and I apologize I have been asked. But first, thinking about your merchant platform today, much bigger than before. Does that help you when people are ready to come back and hotels are engaging with different offers or pricing or things like that? And then secondly, if you assume where people are going to travel in their own countries versus international, does that change anything for ADRs or your market share or your take rates?
Glenn Fogel: Well, I'll do the first one. I'll let Dave talk to the second one. The merchant platform will be very important, and that's why we do believe it's unimportant is to continue to invest in our payments product and get that out because, as you point out, providing value, providing the right price, putting it together through that connected trip. That's one of the things we've talked about a lot. We still believe this is a great thing for consumers, really being able to put together different packages in a way. So paying one way and clearly, one of the things, too, is us having more control over the cash makes it much easier if a refund is needed to be doing it from one thing instead of a customer having to deal with refunds from their air, from their hotel, from their car, maybe other things that are -- attractions. They did all different people they talked to try and get refund from. By doing in one package connected trip with us through our merchant payment platform, we'll be able to give much better value, both in the time when they buy it and even if they have to deal with getting a refund. So that's more important. And David, I'll let you talk about ADRs and what do you think.
David Goulden: Yes, sure. Thanks, Justin. So historically, both ADRs and length of stay been a little shorter for domestic travel because people's longer trips would be international and therefore, they've been going towards higher ADRs and long length of stay. Now to the extent those international trips get moved back into the domestic marketplace, that distinction may actually not be as great. Because if the domestic marketplace was generally more short-term-oriented and that mix shift and it becomes more the place where people want to go for the longer major vacations, et cetera, that may not be as big a factor as it was before. And there's really no difference to take rate.
Operator: Your next response is from Daniel Powell of Goldman Sachs.
Daniel Powell: Great. Two, if I may. First is kind of to build on the question around timing of advertising and when you decide to sort of step back on the gas. I guess sort of what are you looking for sort of indicate when would be a good time to step in? And what would your expectation be around ROIs, if there's been somewhat of a vacuum created from hotels and other partners perhaps not being as able or willing to spend when things start to look a little bit better? And then the second question, you mentioned maintaining good relationships with your suppliers. Wondering if you could sort of give us a sense of during the global financial crisis, what did your relationships, what did your access to inventory look like coming out of that environment versus what you might expect in this one?
Glenn Fogel: Sure. So regarding the brand advertising, I'm sure you'll forgive me for saying, I'm not -- I really don't want to give away exactly when we're going to put on the gas or what the signals are so our competitors can then get a jump on that. I'm sure you all understand that. Look, it is important, though, for us to feel that we are going to be effective in using that brand advertising and going through it. And as the question earlier about there's a lot of the things that we can do desktop now and be able to put out what is half video, half of -- half brand enhanced performance through video channels that you can start seeing some better response and a better sense of where your ROIs are not be able a little bit more selective in how you use that. I think we're going to definitely be pushing that way.  In regards to the supply relationships and the Great Recession as a model going forward, we were very pleased to see that -- and this is why we feel comfortable and confident to talk about how a deep recession can be helpful to distributors because in the past, the suppliers leaned in heavily into distributors who have demand for the obvious reason, that if you're a hotel and you're running 40% or 30% rate, you need to get that demand, and we're here to provide it to them. So that helps build that better relationship and I do think that's what you're going to see going forward. And I do agree. I think that some of them may not be doing as much brand advertising as perhaps they were in the past. That'd be due to cash constraints and other things where they need to make sure they're maintaining a certain amount of cash flow.
Daniel Powell: Great. Appreciate it.
Operator: Your next response is from Lee Horowitz of Evercore ISI.
Lee Horowitz: Great. Given the moves you guys have made with your balance sheet and shorten things up and obviously depressed private and public valuations, I'm wondering how you're thinking about your potential ability to be an acquirer of assets across the travel space during this crisis, given your strong balance sheet?
Glenn Fogel: Well, we like -- we always like having a strong balance sheet for many reasons, that being one of them. And of course, valuations, as we know, have changed drastically, but they've changed drastically for a reason. And so a risk factor is significantly increased than it was a short time ago. So our way we approach acquiring assets or any type of acquisition, is always the same, which is we measure in terms of what will add to our business for the franchise to help consumers and partners, what is that's going to be great. What do we think about management? Do we think they're good? Do we think they can help us or not? And if not, can we operate this or will this add without that management team? This is something that we always we built our company through M&A, as you know, and we're going to continue to look out for that. But we recognize that this is a frothy time, and we have to be careful and picky in terms of what we do because the risk factors are much higher now. And Dave, do you want to talk anything more about the balance sheet or no?
David Goulden: No.
Operator: Okay. Our final question is from James Hardiman of Wedbush Securities.
James Hardiman: So really appreciate all the data points on March and April, obviously, somewhat limited. But I wanted to take a step back. I was curious if you guys have done some consumer work, seems like you're in a unique position to sort of understand what types of travel consumers are most likely to reengage in the soonest? Obviously, there's air travel, hotels, restaurants, vacation homes, apartments, even car rental, all of which you guys have your -- a piece of, how are you thinking about which of those are most likely to resume normality, the quickest?
Glenn Fogel: Well, what we've seen is the hotel area, and Dave talked a little bit about what we've seen in that, a lot of air is still extremely limited, whether by government restrictions, like people to go to certain countries or the amount of flights and times available, and people just on fearful about getting on a clean right now. And you may have seen, for example, the RyanAir data that just came out in Europe, RyanAir is a good bellwether for air travel in Europe in April. It was essentially almost nothing, but really almost nothing. And that's, unfortunately, what we've seen in other parts of the world, extremely low amounts of air travel. But it's all will go somewhat together as people feel more comfortable about how their entire situation. It's the vaccine we talked about, it's a treatment perhaps, it's also in their economic situation, all those things. So I think what we'll see as things start coming back, yes, some things will be the other one. But I think overall, it will all come back pretty very similar.
James Hardiman: Got it. And then last question for me, if I may. It sounds like you're not quite ready to give any sort of a monthly cash burn number, just given some of the expense optimization that's still going on. But maybe walk us through some of the puts and takes. You've got about $1 billion of deferred merchant bookings. How quickly is that coming down? Are there timing differences between when you provide refunds to customers versus when you're getting those refunds from the hotels? And then can you help us with an interest number given the transactions that's taking place as in late?
David Goulden: Yes. Well, thank you, James. So this is Dave, I'll wrap up with this one. So we haven't given a cash flow projection for the year. We did give you an indication as to kind of what our cash position would look like at the end of 2021 before we did our bond offering. And now because we have significantly $4.1 billion more than that. So we're not going to get into to a monthly burn. We walk you through the changes to our balance sheet for working capital movements in Q1. Those balances will continue to reduce until we start to get travel demand occurring once again. And I think the best way to handle it is once we've really gone through our optimization plans, and we decided where we're going to reset our cost base too, at that point in time, we'll give you more color as to where we are. I do not have an interest rate number for you off the top of my head, but we can follow-up with everybody forward with that one.
James Hardiman: Good enough. Appreciate it.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to Glenn Fogel.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. I understand there was a technical difficulty. And some of the last part of my speech -- my prepared remarks was cut off. I think what actually works out well because the last 2 paragraphs, which were actually in a nice way to close this off. So let me disclose that all for everyone. Look, we know the progress against the pandemic is going to be disruptive at times as relaxation of social distancing in some geographies may lead to a resurgence of infections and/or reinstatement of government restrictions. Our aim is to optimize the business to participate in the ultimate return of demand, manage our expenses in light of our best estimate of the shape of that return, invest in our business to build on our leadership position in the industry and serve our customers, employees and partners and build shareholder value going forward.  We have a tough road ahead of us. And we have been through many difficult issues in the past, the last few weeks, and we're going to have some in the future, the weeks, the months and quarters to come. The pace scale and impact of COVID-19 is unprecedented. But we know one day, we will be on the other side, and we are doing everything we can to ensure we are well positioned to navigate through these challenging times. We have the confidence that with a highly variable cost structure, strong cash and liquidity, great global brand awareness and some of the best people anywhere, we are well positioned to come out of this crisis and extend our leadership role in the global travel ecosystem. Now I'm going to close by giving a heartfelt thank you to all the employees, our customers, our partners and the governments as we work through these difficult days together.  And to our employees, I have never been more proud of you and your enormous efforts to support our customers, partners everywhere. We know there will be more tough days ahead. Not just for us, but for so many people industries all over the world. But I am confident we will get through it. And lastly, I want to say thank you to all the frontline workers out there. The doctors and nurses, the scientists trying to come up with a cure or vaccine, the delivery people, the people making sure they'll be food in the stores, basically, to everybody in a job that is designated as critical. To all of you working night and day to help our will get through this. Thank you from all of us at Booking Holdings. Good night.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-27 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Booking Holdings Fourth Quarter 2019 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings' actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of Booking Holding's earnings press release as well as Booking Holdings' most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings' earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings website, www.bookingholdings.com. And now, I'd like to introduce Booking Holdings' speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and David Goulden. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. And welcome to Booking Holdings fourth quarter conference call. I'm joined this afternoon by our CFO, David Goulden. We had a strong fourth quarter as we booked 191 million room nights, which is up 12% year-over-year and exceeded the high end of our guidance range. We produced over a $3.3 billion in revenue and approximately $1.3 billion in EBITDA which are year-over-year increases of approximately 5% and 3% on a constant currency basis respectively. I will talk first about our full year performance in 2019. Then about our objectives for 2020 and then I will address the current situation regarding the coronavirus. 2019 was a good year for our company. We booked 845 million room nights for the year, which is 11% more than in 2018. Just to put that in context, that means we booked on average more than 2.3 million room nights each day. We produced strong year-over-year growth across our key financial metrics. Non-GAAP revenue and adjusted EBITDA were up 8% and 6% on a constant currency basis respectively. Our non-GAAP EPS was up 15% on a constant currency basis exceeding our guidance for the year. Our EPS growth rate benefited from over $8 billion of share repurchases during 2019, which demonstrates our disciplined approach to returning capital to shareholders and our confidence in our business. I am pleased with these results considering the macro environment we faced in certain geographies throughout the year. Moreover, we accomplished this top line growth rate, while also producing solid leverage in our performance marketing spend. Our ability to execute consistently in this environment speaks to our scale and global diversity, as well as to the dedicated and talented teams we have at our company. We made solid progress against our key strategic goals for the year, expanding the Booking.com payment platform, improving our alternative accommodations business and further building our connected trip strategy. As we move into 2020, we will continue to focus on becoming an even more customer-centric company that drives loyalty and increased repeat behavior. We plan to accomplish this goal through smart customer acquisition, while providing the best experience in our core accommodations product using our scale to offer the best value to our customers and making further progress in our connected trip strategy. In addition, while we have always been a cost conscious organization. In 2020 we will further emphasize the need to make sure our expenses are appropriate for our revenue and we'll look at ways to streamline and make all aspects of our company more efficient. Investing in products and processes is important for the long term, but so too is eliminating unnecessary expense. And during 2020 we'll be taking a close look at these opportunities. One of our highlights during 2019 was expanding our payment capabilities at Booking.com over 50% of our Booking.com gross bookings now occur on properties that are enabled on its payment platform. The percentage of Booking.com and gross bookings processed on its payment platform grew from approximately 10% in 2018 to over 15% in 2019 and we expect this to reach approximately 25% in 2020. As we have discussed, this platform provides payment options favoured by both our customers and property partners, particularly non-hotel property partners and provide a platform for merchant product offerings. Merchant offerings also provide Booking.com with merchandising capabilities and we expect to continue to increase our investment in this capability to drive growth. This payment platform is foundational for our connected trip strategy in which we envision a frictionless customer experience across multiple products that we believe will drive increased loyalty. Our alternative accommodations business grew solidly in 2019 and has large scale. As of December 31 2019 we had 6.3 million listings in our alternative accommodations business. We remain focused on increasing the quality and variety of properties joining our platform so we can provide the best choices for our customers and drive search conversion. Booking.coms alternative accommodation is recorded approximately $3.1 one billion in revenue in 2019, representing approximately 21% of our overall revenue for the year and a solid growth rate of 14% when expressed in euros. It consistently grew faster than our core accommodation business throughout the year and also maintained a healthy profit margin. We believe presenting both alternative accommodations and traditional properties on one platform is the best customer proposition. Last year we took further steps to create our vision of a connected trip. We are on a journey to build a multi-product offering, including accommodations, flight attractions, ground transport and dining all connected by a seamless payment network and supported by personalized intelligence to provide a frictionless customer experience that we believe will drive enhance loyalty and support growth. We saw early signs of these benefits last year as we leverage the integration of Rentalcars.com and Booking.com to deliver a better ground transport offering for Booking.coms customers. Rentalcars days grew 12% year-over-year in the fourth quarter, primarily due to the increased cross-sell of the product to Booking.com customers. We believe we are in the early stages of seeing the benefit from this cross-sell opportunity. We've also been encouraged by certain incentive programs that provide discounted ground transport options to bookings to bookers with higher value accommodations. These programs have shown an increase in conversion at acceptable ROIs. We look forward to further experimentation with these types of offerings during 2020. We also expanded our flight capabilities across the company in 2019. Booking.com launched an integrated flight product, while Agoda and Priceline began building a global flight platform that is initially focused on the APAC region. Currently Booking.com offers of flight products in 12 countries in Europe, but we plan to expand this throughout 2020. Booking.coms goal for the year is to be able to expose 50% of its total customers to a flight product globally. Developing a robust flight product remains an important investment considering there are more than 4 billion global flight passengers last year. Having the ability to engage with these customers early in their travel journey gives us a better opportunity to cross-sell our accommodation and other products, but even more important it enables us to offer a true connected trip experience. This year we will continue to expand other aspects of a connected trip such as attractions and dining options. For these offerings, we will utilize not only our own assets, but also partner with third party providers so we can offer the best customer experience possible. We continue to see loyalty benefits from a combination customers who also use our attractions product. We will continue to invest in our app platform as it becomes the center of our connected trip experience. Booking.com remains one of the most downloaded travel apps in the IoS and Android stores globally. According to a leading third party research firm, Booking.com was the only Oti to rank in their top 10 travel apps in the world, ex-China in 2019. Coming in at number three. We've been investing in the app platform for some time and it is becoming the preferred platform for travel bookings and we are very pleased with the strong room night growth that occurs on Booking.coms app. As I mentioned earlier, all of these investments are designed to drive greater royalty and increase repeat behavior with our customers. We made progress on this front last year. In each quarter of 2019, our direct channel grew faster than our primary paid channels and our direct channel increased its share for the year. The direct channel represents over 50% of our total booked room nights and when including rooms booked through branded search terms, this number increases to over 60%. We have a large and loyal customer base today, but we believe we can grow this further and increase market share. Booking.com is the best and most loyal customers are part of its Genius program. This group of customers has grown consistently for several years. In 2019 we had over 70 million active Genius customers, an increase of 9% year-over-year. These Genius customers were responsible for a growing proportion of Booking.coms booked room nights in 2019, and we thank them for their loyalty. On top of that, we see that Genius customers book more frequently and more often on a direct basis when compared to non-genius customers. We will continue to focus our efforts on growing this special group of customers and offering them great value as part of their Genius membership. While we are pleased about our long term prospects, we recognize that current travel demand has been impacted by the coronavirus. At the present time, Greater China has been affected the most. The broader APAC region has also been impacted, which is an area in which we’ve been experiencing strong growth over the last several years and we are now starting to see a slowdown in travel globally and are aware of the potential for further demand deceleration around the world. David will provide more details in his remarks. But I would like to point out, this is not the first time our company management team has faced an exogenous impact to travel demand. We know that travel is fundamental to people's lives and we believe travel industry growth will rebound to prior growth rates. While the coronavirus impacts travel, we will continue to manage the company in a measured way that builds value for the long term. However, the steps we are taking today include, one, making sure we take care of our customers and help them with their travel plans, which includes facilitating cancellations and working closely with our supply partners. Two, ensuring the health and safety of our over 26,000 employees around the world. Three, managing our marketing efforts appropriately. We will continue to participate in those paid channels that provide us quality traffic and attractive ROIs, recognizing that we need to incorporate higher cancellation rates in our bidding calculations. In regards to brand marketing, we will be very cognizant of when and where brand marketing money should be spent this year. Four, working with our travel supplier so they are best positioned to achieve success on our platform and five, continuing to invest for the future. The company that provides a better travel service, a holistic, seamless, frictionless connected trip that delivers more value to both a traveler and our supply partners will create a lasting relationship with both travelers and suppliers and we intend to create this service over time. With that, I will now turn the call over to David for the financial review.
David Goulden: Thank you, Glenn and good afternoon. I’ll review offering results for the fourth quarter in 2019 and then discuss our thoughts on 2020, our guidance for the first quarter. All growth rates are relative to the prior-year comparable period unless otherwise indicated. Information regarding reconciliation to GAAP can be found in our earnings release. Now onto our results for the quarter. Our booked room night growth of 12% in Q4 exceeded the high end of our guidance range, as growth accelerated through the quarter with a strong finish in December. Our room night growth in Europe continues to exceed our expectations, despite that we continue to exceed our expectations in Q4 despite a macro environment that remain cautious. Room night growth rates for rest of world also exceed our expectations and grew slightly faster in Europe in Q4. Average daily rates for accommodations ADRs were down about 4% year-on-year in Q4 on a constant currency basis which was in-line with our guidance. As indicated on our last earnings call, the year-over-year ADR decline was impacted by decreases in rates within several key markets, such as the U.S., Japan and Hong Kong, as well as an increasing mix to faster growing lower ADR markets and the impact of lapping 1% ADR growth in Q4 of last year. Changes in foreign exchange rate reduced Q4 growth rates in U.S. dollars by approximately 1 percentage point versus last year. We estimate the changes FX rates impact to gross bookings, revenue and EBITDA growth in Q4 by similar amounts and EPS growth by less than 1 percentage points. Q4 gross bookings grew by 6% expressed in U.S. dollars and grew about 7% on a constant currency basis coming in above the high end of our guidance range. Consolidated revenue in the fourth quarter was $3.3 billion and grew by 4% in U.S. dollars and about 5% on a constant currency basis. Advertising and other revenue which is mainly comprised Kayak and OpenTable grew by 3% in Q4 as we lap the benefit of the hotel combined acquisitions in December. Adjusted EBITDA for Q4 was $1.3 billion which exceeded the high end of our guidance range and was up 2% year-over-year on reported basis and about 3% on a constant currency basis. Performance marketing expense increased 2% year-on-year which helped drive leverage about 40 basis points in the quarter. The year-on-year growth was driven by higher than expected volumes in our paid channels. We spent $86 million on brand marketing in the quarter which represented a decline of 31% versus Q4 last year and contributed about 130 basis points of leverage. This decrease is in part driven by a ramp up in spend in the second half of 2018. We remain committed to investing in brand marketing in a disciplined manner going forward. Sales and other expense decreased 1% versus Q4 last year and contributed about 30 basis points of leverage due to reduced chargeback expenses, as well as a reclassification of certain sales and other expense - a certain sales and other expenses incurred during 2019 inter contra [ph] revenue in Q4 both of which offset the increase in expenses related to continue growth of our payments platform of Booking.com. Personnel expense was in line with our forecasts growing 16 % year-on-year and contributing about 175 basis points of deleverage in the quarter, as expected driven in part by lower at year end reversal of bonus accruals than we experienced in Q4 2018. G&A expenses increased 16% year-over-year on a non-GAAP basis which excludes a $21 million travel transaction tax charge in Q4 of 2018. Non-GAAP G&A expenses contributed about 60 basis points deleverage in the quarter, this year-over-year increase in G&A was driven largely by a higher indirect taxes, including the French GST. Finally, information technology expenses increased 42% year-over-year driven by several items supporting the growth of business, including payments to contractors, software license fees, outsource data center and cloud costs. Our non-GAAP EPS was $23.30, up 4% on reported and constant currency basis versus the prior year. Non-GAAP net income reflects a non-GAAP tax rate of 17.7% in Q4 which is significantly higher than Q4 last year due to a onetime adjustment of approximately $72 million in Q4 2018 related to a provision of the Tax Act that was clarified by revenue guidance issued in Q4 2018. Our Q4 tax rate was about 1 percentage point lower than our guidance due to some discrete items. 9% lower share count in Q4 benefited EPS growth in the quarter. On a GAAP basis offering income increased by 3% and GAAP operating margin decreased by about 50 basis points compared to Q4 last year. Q4 GAAP net income amounted to $1.2 billion or $27.35 per share, up 81% from Q4 2018. Our Q4 GAAP net income includes 360 - $326 million of pre-tax unrealized gains, equity investments in Metro and Ctrip and $47 million of ethics FX remeasurement losses or euro bonds. We exclude these unrealized losses and remeasurement gains from non-GAAP results. We had a GAAP tax rate of 17.5% for the quarter which increased significantly from the prior year due to the tax impacts of the items excluded from non-GAAP results, as well as the factors I mentioned impacted non-GAAP tax rate. In Q4, we generated $1.1 billion of operating cash flow which declined 1% compared to Q4 last year. Our free cash flow - cash flow for quarter was about $1 million [ph] which decreased by 1% compared to last year, mainly due to timing of a payments which reduced year growth by 15 percentage points. We repurchased $1.3 billion of our stock in Q4 bringing the total repurchases to the year to over $8 billion. As of the end of the year we had about $11.5 billion remaining under our $15 billion repurchase authorization. We ended the quarter with $11.8 billion in cash and investments an $8.7 billion of outstanding debts. Looking back at 2019, we are quite pleased with our performance during the year, as we produced steady room night growth in the 10% to 12% range. We delivered a very healthy 39% EBITDA margin, while investing in the business and absorbing unplanned DST expenses and we grew non-GAAP EPS by 11% or around 15% on a constant currency basis which exceeded our annual guidance of low double-digit growth. Turning to 2020, our initial outlook reflected a continuation of this operating model, i.e., to gain share and accommodations with some deceleration in room night growth, to invest in payments merchandizing and the connected trip for any modest pressure on operating margins and for EPS growth to benefit from our share repurchases. Duet to few mechanical factors, including the lapping of ADR declines and the phasing of personnel and G&A expenses during the year, we expected our earnings growth to be weighted largely to second half of the year. Now turning to more recent events. The coronavirus has had an impact across our business since it made news headlines on January 21st. The early impacts were increased in China, but we also saw these impacts across Asia and to a lesser extent in other regions outside of Asia as well. To help context, the APAC region represents a little over 20% of our room nights with no single country accounting for more than mid single digit share of total room nights. In APAC we've seen an increase in cancellations, reduction in new bookings and pressure on ADRs. As you will know, it's not possible to predict where and to what degree outbreaks of the coronavirus will disrupt travel patterns, while the incidence of infections has slowed in China, in the last week alone new outbreaks have occurred in South Korea, Iran and Italy. We've been able to measure the impacts on our business so far in Asia and we've seen our recent impacts our room night booking in Europe following the outbreak in Italy. As a result, we're providing only a near term outlook with a wider guidance range to account for the possibility that will be a growing travel disruption in Europe. Based on where we are in the quarter and considering the continued impact of the coronavirus, we're forecasting Q1 booked room nights to be down 5% to 10% versus the prior year. Clearly, we're dealing with a very fluid situation and it's extremely difficult to predict where Q1 will come out. But this is our best estimate based on all the data we have available now. We forecast total gross bookings to decline 8% to 13% on a constant currency basis and about 200 basis points more in U.S. dollars. Our Q1 forecasts assumes that constant currency ADRs of the company will be down about 4%. We forecast Q1 non-GAAP revenue to decline 3% to 7 % on constant currency basis and decline 200 basis points more in U.S. dollars. Q1 adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $560 million and $590 million, which is down 16% to 20% year-over-year on a constant currency basis and about 20 basis points more in U.S. dollars. We're forecasting Q1 non-GAAP EPS of approximately $9.05 to $9.65 which is 14% to 19% below Q1 2019. On a constant currency basis, we estimate Q1 non-GAAP EPS to decrease year-on-year by approximately 12% to 17%. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast for Q1 include an estimated income tax rate of approximately 18.5%. Our Q1 non-GAAP EPS guidance assumes a fully diluted share count about 41.6 million shares which is 9% below Q1 of last year. We forecast GAAP EPS to be between $7.95 and $8.55 for Q1. Our GAAP EPS guidance for Q1 assumes a tax rate of approximately 18.5%. We use a dollar to euro exchange rate of a $1.10 when setting our Q1 guidance. We have hedge contracts in place to substantially shield of first quarter EBITDA and net income from any further fluctuations in currencies versus the dollar between now and the end of the quarter. But the hedges do not protect our gross bookings revenue offering profit from impacts of foreign currency fluctuations. Finally, a housekeeping item. Starting with our Q1 results and going forward. We plan on reporting our performance and brand marketing expenses on a combined basis, as we view our overall marketing spend as an investment in customer acquisition and retention. We’ll now take your questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Presenters, our first question comes from the line of Lloyd Walmsley from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Lloyd Walmsley: Thanks. I guess just the first question a bit of a clarification. I think David you said something about you know, sustaining, expecting some share gain with deceleration in room nights. I wasn't sure if I heard that correctly, is that kind of before the impact of the virus or including the impact of the virus? And you can kind of share there and along the same lines ex the virus, are you seeing anything in particular changing with marketing ROIs as some competitors pullback in certain brands, in certain geographies. And then I guess a second question if I can with just the anything particular changing with regard to you know some of the SEO channel impacts from last quarter, are you seeing that spread to either new geographies or change in intensity? Anything you could share that would be great? Thanks.
David Goulden: Sure, Lloyd. Thank you. Let me start of answering the first question, so yes to clarify what I said was when we turn to 2020 we talked about our initial outlook which is our outlook for - at the start of the year. Obviously around the times we're putting our plans together for the year. We talked about that reflects a continuation of the same operating model we delivered in 2019. So my comments about gaining share in combinations with some deceleration room nights, some modest pressure on operating margins and for EPS to benefit from our share buybacks was give you a flavor of the shape of our profile for the year coming into the year before the coronavirus. And then on the on the SEO challenges, to pick up your second. I just want to kind of remind people that as we said the SEO channel is a relatively small part of our business and has been for a period of time. You know, the SEO channel continues to be under pressure as the primary provides that channel, focus more upon that that - they're paid search, rather than research. But we continue to do well in that channel. We have teams dedicated to it. We are pleased with our share in that channel. As a channel it is under continued pressure as we said before, really contributes a very minor part of our overall business.
Lloyd Walmsley: Okay, and then anything on just marketing ROIs outside of the impact of the virus are fairly competitive dynamics?
David Goulden: Yeah, we saw that many things. Again, I'll talk about Q4 because obviously Q4 was a very clean quarter relative to not having a virus and it's only a few weeks behind us. So I think it's a good time to still talk about Q4. We were pleased with our ROIs in the channels in Q4 we didn't see any major shifts. We mentioned we saw continued leverage in our performance margin spend because our performance market channels continue to grow less rapidly than the overall business. So the leverage that we demonstrated was kind of mix driven leverage or mathematical leverage. ROIs didn't really change very much in Q4. Nothing to really note, we're pleased with where we were. And I think was that the genesis of all your question or you're also asking about current quarter as well.
Lloyd Walmsley: That's great. I’ll assume that virus is making things pretty messy, but unless you want to add something?
David Goulden: No, I just wanted to – I stop there, I think that's the right place to stop.
Lloyd Walmsley: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We do have another question from the line of Mark Mahaney from RBC. Your line is open.
Mark Mahaney: Thanks. I want to ask about two things. This kind of attach rate with the connected trip and how far along you think you are in tapping into that opportunity. I noticed that both Rentalcars days and airline ticket growth - unit growth rates you know nicely accelerated in the December quarter, it looks like that's much easier comp and airline tickets. But you know you called out some kind of greater cross-selling opportunities you're getting with Rentalcars. So just talk about how - where you are in the process of doing that, is it you know a small percentage that you've even attempted this at so we can get a sense of how much better the results could be in Rentalcars? And then Glenn when you were talking about the outlook, you seem to emphasize a little bit more streamlining costs in 2020. I don't think that was related to coronavirus. I think it's - or maybe it was, but I don't think it was, sounded like you want to take - be a little bit more careful about costs or something like that, could you just explain the why behind that, why get a little bit more focused on streamlining costs this year versus last year unless it was all coronavirus, but I didn't get that impression? Thanks, Glen.
Glenn Fogel: Hi, Mark. Yeah. Let me take the first one the attach rates et cetera. And I think you called it out correctly. The Rentalcars business has shown some good numbers. If you look in the supplemental statistics at the end of our press release and you can see some nice growth there and part of that growth is coming from that cross-sell part of our connected trip that we're building out. And you're also correct in your statement about the air business, air business so early, we just really are getting that up and running. That's right you're not really seeing any of the increase there from that or not enough to matter right now. It's very, very low attach rates. When I look at those numbers I believe over time we should increase those significantly and it's going to take some time as we continue to optimize what's the best way to present it, where to show it. One of the things I'm very proud about is the center we built in Tel Aviv, that is filled with a bunch of machine learning experts A.I. geniuses who really look at all the different parts of the way we present things and they're trying to come up with what is the best way to present an offer to a traveler at the right time and putting in what is the right merchandising benefit that we should do it, to get the right conversion and the right bottom line. It's something that the more data we get, the better we'll know what the right thing to do. But it's something that's going to take time. So that's - that's the answer to that one. Regarding costs, you're also absolutely correct on that. One of the things when I took the job over in Amsterdam, as CEO of Booking.com and I've been there now a little more than six months, is looking at what are we spending on, where we're spending, what projects are around, which ones are the right ones, which ones should we not be doing right now and then taking that throughout our entire organization. Now I've always believed that you should be a cost effective company and I believe it's also very natural as companies grow very rapidly and achieve great success on the bottom line. Sometimes discipline lightens up a little bit. So certainly before the coronavirus I was already thinking that we need to make sure that we're doing everything we can to spend money correctly. One of the things I've mentioned in the calls over the last couple of quarters is us bringing all of our companies together better. And that's one of the benefits that is to get some efficiencies in our spend, a real cost procurement type project. And in the past we've run all these companies independently and that was the right thing to do at the time. But while doing that you do lose out on some cost efficiencies. Now the state of the company where it's at, now it's time to start bringing that in and that's what we're going be doing.
David Goulden: Okay. Thanks, Glenn.
Operator: We do have another question from the line of Kevin Kopelman from Cowen. Your line is open.
Kevin Kopelman: Great. Thanks a lot. Could you give us more color on the latest trends in Europe travel bookings that you've seen over the last few days following the outbreak of the coronavirus in Italy? Thanks.
David Goulden: Yeah, Kevin. This is David. Let me take that. That's just can maybe frame it in the way that the quarter shapes up and our projections do take into account what we've seen in the last few days. So let me kind of give you a lay of the land first of all by region not surprisingly we already mentioned China is the worst impacted, Asia excluding China has also been impacted for some time. The rest of world obviously includes Europe and Europe's a big piece that for us was growing through February but we also expected to be impacted to the negative in March as well. To give you a bit more color and some just how it plays across the quarter on a consolidated basis we saw we first of all remain in January - reignite growth in January even though we saw some tapering off at the end with the virus hitting the news on the 21st. Expect February to be approximately flat from a row - from a growth rate point of view and therefore to get to our guidance for the quarter expect to see declines in March.
Kevin Kopelman: Got it. And so that March expectation is based on just the worsening kind of trend over the last few days?
Glenn Fogel: Yes. I mean we really - obviously as other mentioned we're dealing with a very fluid situation very difficult to predict what's going on cause we're responding to something that we have no control over. We're giving you our best view of it. So when we built what we expect to happen in March and create the guidance range, we're looking very specifically at what's happened over the last few days after the outbreak in Italy and the response we've seen in Europe in response to that which is not surprising it has been negative. So yes, we are expecting - we're seeing even though we're going to get room night growth through rest of world in February towards the end of February that is already in decline. We expect it to continue to decline into March.
Kevin Kopelman: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Post from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Justin Post: Great. Thank you. A couple of questions. I guess, it would be helpful if you could give us a view on past behavior when you've had travel disruptions and people cancel their trips or your most loyal customers don't book. How long does it take before they start going on trips again or do you see a timeframe where people cancel and then and then rebook. I know you can't be too specific, but any thoughts on that. And then second it's interesting your main competitor pulling back spending, you're talking about some cost savings. Do you think there's inefficiencies in marketing or other channels in travel and maybe the industry as a whole could benefit as people take a deeper look at their costs? Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: Hi, Justin. I think he'd be - it would not be wise to try and use past experience as an analogy for what will happen in the future. The situation now is very different, say I've not been in this business, in fact this week it will be 20 years I've been at this company. My anniversary is Friday in 20 years. And so I've seen a lot of exaggerate factors I mentioned them impact travel some extremely severe and I won't go through all of them because of the entire time for the call. That being said, they all have different effects and different rebound time periods. So it's not going to be helpful for me to tell you what took after 9/11 or after the GFC or after swine flu or after the volcano in Iceland. I mean I could go on and on and on which I'll stop there. So I really can't be that helpful. And you'll just have to make your own best guesses admits which will be as good as anybody else's guesstimates. Regarding spending, we have very high margins compared to anybody else in the industry, but that does not give us a license to waste money. And I want to continue to always be looking. Are we spending correctly every single part of this company, so we can then spend the money in the right place at the right time. In terms of marketing. There probably is a lot of waste in the industry probably and I think we can see that, some people who are probably going to be pulling back in turn their marketing. We like to think that we've been efficient and effective. But I think there's always room everywhere to do better and we're going to continue to do so. That's only the right way to try and have a long term successful company. You know, I am confident though that you know regardless of what we know towards your first question, I am confident the business will be coming back, its something that we've seen over and over and over again. As I said many, many times here. Travel is a basic need for people. They have been doing it for a very, very long time. And as soon as the air clear so to speak, you'll see people will be coming back to travel.
Justin Post: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We do have another question from the line of Brian Nowak from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Brian Nowak: Great. Thank you for taking my question. I have two please. David just appreciate the month over month commentary for the first quarter. But maybe just so we can all sort of better understand the underlying durability of growth. How big of a room night and EBITDA headwind have you put into the guide to factor in corona for the first quarter? And then the second one, Glenn, this is sort of talk about you know opportunities and sort of untapped geographies. Talk to us about how you think about the importance and the opportunity to focus more on the U.S. from a branding and a performance marketing perspective this year to perhaps take more share in that area? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: Okay. Thanks, Brian I'll take the first part of it. Now I try to avoid getting into specific growth rates by month. I'll give you a flavor I think you can do some back the envelope master to kind of figure out you know what March has to look like in terms of getting to a minus 5% to minus 10% range. Way we've looked at this is this we have as I mentioned in my answer to Kevin have looked at very much so what's happened to the last few days and anticipating at the lower end the range that the travel environment in Europe may get worse because we would be surprised if there's only one outbreak in Europe over the course of the rest of the quarter. So we've taken into account what we saw happening over the last week which of course is led by a lot of cancellations. So over time it may not be quite as that as we're seeing and in less than the last week because you see obviously to the different growth rate on underlying bookings visiting cancellations, the early reaction to these news patterns is usually you get a spike cancellations and things can more moderate out. But we've taken into account what we've seen happening over the course of the last week. We projected that through the rest of the quarter and recognize the impact to make it worse if there are additional outbreaks in Europe or further slowdowns in the rest of the world. That's how we've tried to intelligently give you some guidance data points from obviously data we're getting it's moving very rapidly is the best data that we have as up until this morning.
David Goulden: In regards to our opportunities around the world, the US is without doubt our biggest opportunity, it is an enormous market that we under index significantly. And the reason for it why we have not achieved what we'd like to yet and historical know Booking.com was always a hotel only company and we didn't have an air product there for example, many Americans like to start their travel business using air. So we now we're going to be bringing out an air product over time so that would be one. Second thing is extremely price competitive, price sensitive consumer in the US. Looking back historically an agency player, meaning the price was set by the hotels or by the non-hotel accommodations. We believe that we have to be able to merchandise meaning adjusting what that value to the consumer is going to be, but to do that you've got to have a payment product. It was only last quarter that we got up running the domestic payment product for U.S. consumers. So that's another one. Another big issue packages, many Americans like to use a package product or like to do some toward a combination that will get them more value. Well we're just starting that now one of things I'm very proud about is working between Priceline.com and Booking.com com to come up with a package product for the U.S. consumers that we're just getting that out. The other thing is we have other assets to help bring consumers to our sites and make them aware of the great things we have. For example OpenTable. A lot of people are using OpenTable every month. In the past we have never done anything to really bring together the power the OpenTable platform and the Booking.com platform in a way they'll provide more value than consumers. So a lot of the things that we're working on because I do believe the U.S. is a great opportunity for us to help build out our business.
Brian Nowak: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: We have another question from the line of Justin Patterson from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Justin Patterson: Great. Thanks so much. One on connected trip, how should we think about scaling supply through your own assets or third party partners on the attractions and dining side with partners in there? Is there anything you need that control to ensure an optimal customer experience. And then the second questions on marketing, as your direct channel mix grows and your payments business grows. How should we - how do you think about that incremental ROI of using coupons to drive conversion versus say attracting customers via branded performance marketing? Thanks so much.
Glenn Fogel: I want to hit the first, I’ll David being our CFO he can talk about how we're going to optimize answers the coupons. You're right in terms that in an ideal world you would like to have all of your supply directly connect to us and you prefer in an ideal world not to be using third party suppliers. That being said, that's a balance against speed to market and making sure you have the supply necessary to create a good offer to the consumers. So in the interest of speed we have gone with third party providers to provide inventory that we don't have. I mentioned OpenTable a little while ago. OpenTable le has a great product in there. They do a lot of business in a lot different cities, but also licensees [ph] around the world that they don't do business and we want to provide that dining opportunity to our consumers in as many cities as we can. So we will partner with others. Attractions the same thing. We had our own contracts with supply but there are a lot of places in the world where people are traveling. So to make sure that we have the supply we're going to third parties. Over time, we believe that in the long run having your own supply helps you in terms of creating that truly seamless connected trip. But speed matters in this market. So we're going to do that too.
David Goulden: And Justin, on the all the different marketing channels first of all we're very pleased to build our direct business that is very important for future and the connected trip and the app and all things now drive in that direction. But the phones marketing channels are also really important sources of acquisition of new customers for us and sometimes some existing customers can come back to that net as well. But to answer your question, we look at all of these on a very measured incremental ROI basis. We can re-measure our different activities and compare them on a very comparable basis. So when it comes to things like coupons or other attractions we may only offer through one of our channels, we just look at the ROI on that visit the other channels and decide where we lean in or don't as the case may be. So we have pretty good metrics on all things like that because we are able to measure the short term return on those investments. Again, longer term we're looking to drive people towards the direct channel for tipping towards the app and Glenn mentioned how well downloads that is and how is becoming very much a powerful app in the channel space and as the connected trip becomes a bigger piece of business and the app becomes a way to experience the connected trip in - during the trip, it's even more strategic. Tactically we can look at all these different things including things like couponing on a very measured basis and decide to lean in based on which ones give us the vote the shortest - short term returns and also create the highest level of repeat or return to direct activity after that initial offer.
Justin Patterson: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Deepak Mathivanan from Barclays. Your line is open.
Deepak Mathivanan: Great. Thanks for taking the question. David last year you talked about achieving double digits earnings growth and then exceeded it pretty nicely, exact facts [ph] understand this situation is a little bit more fluid right now and the color you provided on the operating model was helpful. How should we think about those things kind of translate into earnings growth for this year. And then how are you thinking about using the balance sheet for share repurchases you know in the year when there is like a disruption currently going on. Thank you.
David Goulden: Sure, Deepak. Thanks for the question. Let me take the first part of it. So yes, I mean we talked about the operating model expectations pretty coronavirus as a continuation of the model I think was a quite successful force in 2019. And I don't want to get too specific targets for 2020 because there's not a lot of point in putting out a hypothetical forecast a year which we could never measure against and bridge against because obviously a year is going to come out very different from what we expected it only a few a few weeks ago. But you know we were pleased with the way that 2019 came out. If you kind of look back at Q4 look at 2019 understand the underlying health of the business. And we believe that there's no reason why that model can't continue in normal times and then Glenn you won't talk about second port balance sheet.
Glenn Fogel: Yeah. So we are very pleased to have a very strong balance sheet, significant amount of free cash. We have a very good credit rating. And the question really is as we've always had is how should we best use our capital. One of things has always been share repurchases. Another thing that we always do is we're always looking at other companies that could potentially help add to our connected trip strategic vision and we're going to continue to look at that. Certainly valuations have changed significantly in the recent past and that may provide an opportunity for us in both areas. But as David says, it's a very fluid situation right now and we're not going to box ourselves into anything right this second I will say though however we do look at this very, very carefully because we do want to be agile. Operator, do we have any more question please.
Operator: Yes sir, we have added a question from the line of Eric Sheridan from UBS. Your line is open.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks for taking the question. Maybe if I can a few around a cost structure and how you think about investing in the business in sort of a relatively uncertain environment is there a way queued out what are some of the investments you plan on making just because they fit with the strategic vision, they're going to be made for the long term irrespective of how the environment arcs up or down over the next sort of couple of quarters and how much of it is more variable in nature where you might tune up or down investments we could better understand the variable piece they're probably more likely track with how room night to get better or worse from the excellent results in Q4 versus the cautionary results in our guide for Q1? Thanks so much guys.
Glenn Fogel: Sure. So I've been talking about our long term strategic vision for some time now since I became CEO of the holding company a little more than three years ago. And how important it is to create and continue to create value for all sides of this marketplace. And we're going to continue to do that. That requires investing in people. In terms of code, making sure we are providing, something that is a differentiator from what is out there right now. And there is no reason to slow that down stop that or hold back on that. The sooner we get out the truly superior travel service the better we will be. And I want to be in that position when we come out of this current environment which is something that is unexpected, but will end. I want to come out of that as soon as possible with the best services that we have. So we're going to continue on that. We are not changing that at all. Now in terms of in terms of investments, in terms of marketing and things like that naturally you always want to make adjustments based on what the environment is. So for us as I mentioned about brand marketing. Well we are not going to be making brand marketing to people who are not listening to that message at all. And if you're not thinking about travelling, you're not listening to a travel ad. It's foolish for us to invest money in a brand marketing campaign. And that's an example of extreme on the other side. And in between there all these different things in between that we're going to be making adjustments as we go throughout the year and we've always been doing that. That's no different, David, anything to add.
David Goulden: Eric just maybe for a little bit of a framework around what Glen talked about. So if you think of all of offering expenses and just look at 2019 for second about $9.5 billion a little over half of our OpEx is really variable with volume, obviously our performance marketing change. We're going up and down a brand mark to easily not volume related but obviously Glenn you said no point spending a lot of brand if people not primarily think about travel. A large piece of ourselves and other expenses is also related to volume as well because that ties back to the merchant processing costs on a payment platform. So well over half of our OpEx really is directly tied to the volume within that business. Now obviously there are volume related aspects in the other areas which are mainly our personnel G&A, I.T. et cetera. And obviously there's some fixed and some very low expenses there. But if you think about our cost structure it really is quite variable. The larger expense line is being tied to volume quite directly. Of course in the areas that are not tied directly there are things we can continue to do to refine and optimize as Dan talked about.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks so much guys.
Operator: We do have another question from the line of Naved Khan from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Naved Khan: Yeah, thanks a lot. Couple of questions. So David in your commentary you spoke about maybe 2020 seeing payment process for your own payment platform going to 25%. What are the levers that you control to kind of get that from 15% in 2019 to 25% this year? And then the other question I have was just maybe can you shed some light on your maybe early results from the Grabbe [ph] partnership how that might be working for you?
David Goulden: So let me start off with the payments platform actually Glenn was the one who gave us the numbers out, but let me just guys talk to you about how we see it's developing and what the impact will have on our income statement. So as you see we basically had a growth from 10% in 2018 ‘15 in ‘19 25 in 20 we expect obviously to exit 2020 high and 25% payments. That's the average for the year. That might be helpful just to understand a little bit about what that's doing to our income statement cause I've always had questions about in prior and prior calls. In 2020 we expect the payments actually to contribute both - to both revenue growth as it has been but also to start contributing to EBITDA growth as well with very little impact at all upon our EBITDA rate in 2020 will contribute towards even that growth. As we recover an ever increasing percentage of our payment costs. So that's how we think about payments rolling through all our business. Obviously there's still a very attractive nature in our agency model as well so one's not completely replace the other but as Glen said for all sorts of reasons including the ability to participate in merchandising and also to be able to package and control things together in the other connected trip payments will become an ever increasing part of business and we're pleased with how it is progressing and we're on track to get it to stage which starts to contribute towards our growth which we'll start doing this year.
Glenn Fogel: And regarding the Grabbe relationship I'm very pleased about how that's been progressing and you'll remember we invest in Grabbe for three reasons. One reason was Grabbe has significant number of customers and we want to find all different ways that we can expose our hotel a combination over our travel [ph] services to customers in different ways and that's really was a great way to do it, one. The other thing was, our travelers when they arrive in a place that they're not familiar with they want to know how are we going to get around. And many people sometimes mistakenly assume that whatever ride sharing capability they have in their home countries is going to be in place they go visit and it's not going to be they're not going to know what they're going to do in the future what am I going to do. And one of the great things is we said that we would come up with Grabbe a way that a person can use the Booking.com app and in a seamless way can get a ride sharing without having to download another app and put a credit card and so on that they're not familiar with and it'll be seamless and a great experience. And I mentioned last quarter how we've gotten that up and running in Singapore and the third thing of course he said we'd like to have a financial return on the money we invested. One of the things I mentioned last quarter was how. By the end of the year I expected us to be able to have that Grabbe at operation on the Booking.com app by India [ph] for Indonesia and Thailand. And I'm very pleased that we are now actually operational in every single territory that Grabbe operates on the IoS platform. So it's just a great shout out to the team who's been working on that and thank you guys for getting that done ahead of schedule and really pushing that through. We'll be operational on for Android I think and to four weeks I've been told and we're talking about it's now beyond Singapore, it's Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand, Vietnam, Cambodia, Philippines as minorities everywhere the Grabbe is. And I tell you I've seen this used and it really is something that makes it so easy to get off that plane in that airport you just go that Booking.com apps and right away you can get that car to take you to a hotel it's a wonderful experience and we're also on the other side being able to show our hotel accommodations to more and more Grabbe customers so good in all areas.
Naved Khan: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Ju from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Stephen Ju: Thanks very much. So Glenn I guess out of adversity can come opportunities, so in an environment in which folks are going to be really starved for business. Are there any Silver Linings we should be thinking about in terms of booking becoming a more important partner for your suppliers or being able to onboard more supply for the future? And I guess for the integrated travel experience, as well as the rollout of your own payment rails, you are talking about transforming what the Booking.com experience has meant for the consumer for some time now. So do you feel like you have in know you have to retrain them to look for a non-hotel products or pay up front. And do you think you need to incur some cost to bring up that awareness. Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: So nobody wants their business to succeed because of unfortunate events. Nobody would hope for that. But sometimes the events happen anyway and you do end up being a beneficiary of those events. Companies that are stronger when they enter into a bad period emerge even stronger. And in this industry I've seen it happen over and over again. There is no doubt I've talked in the past about potential recessions and what would happen in a recession and why I believe that would make us more valuable to some players so that they would use us more to get demand because they needed more and you have pointed out what could be a very unfortunate thing for many players in our industry. So yes. Silver Linings is one way to describe it. I do believe that in the long run we will emerge from this in a much better position a stronger competitor and we will end up being better off though of course no one would ever hope for that to happen under that under that way. In regards to the consumer. Consumers are amazing how they - they learn very rapidly how to save money get value when they see a new option. And it's interesting you don't even see announcements of them in different products many times. it's just you're playing around with it and you see it. Now we of course will be using all sorts of marketing methods to get and make sure our customers are aware of the better way to do your travel planning your travel execution. But I have - I am not concerned at all that when we have that better products I am not concerned that people will know about it.
Stephen Ju: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Doug Anmuth: Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to ask two. First you talked about the 15% Booking.com bookings using the payments platform. Can you talk a little bit more about what you're seeing in terms of conversion rates and speed to booking and other metrics that you may look at in payments? And then secondly Glen you mentioned going to expose flights ultimately to 50% of your customers, just curious why that's the number kind of why you'd stop there? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: Well we wouldn't actually stop there. That's just my target for this year. We do intend to have 100% of the people eventually be exposed to and 100% using it. But this is it takes time because of regulatory licensing things it's not as though you can just immediately just start selling airline tickets everywhere. That takes time to get your licenses and certain in certain jurisdictions. A - David Goulden Yeah, let me just characterize a little bit of what we're seeing on the payment platform and why we think it's very important now in the future. So that the benefits come in different areas and that multiple and sometimes they are additive. So in some cases just offering people payments in different methodologies payments in currency of their own choice or payment process all of their own choice was be you know to offer a Chinese customer to pay Ipay which pay off something like that just offering up payment choice even if the underlying hotel profit is the same. We have seen conversion increases even if people don't use that choice. It's a bit a bit like offering something in the local language of course we offer our site for local languages to thank you offer something present in some of these native language or in this case you give him a payment choice that they recognize that you recognize he's actually something that myself will help with conversion we can demonstrate that that does albeit a small amount. If they don't use payments and then of course if they do use payments it helps a little bit more. So you do get some conversion benefits but the other thing that payment platform belongs to as well is we can also as I mentioned we can stop participating in the pricing process the emergent rising more proactively so we can offer basically Booking.com can get involved in that and offer booking sponsored benefits or other offers to the customer. You can only really do if you are participating as immersion and you're taking the payments on behalf of the property I'm passing it through. So the other thing that the payment can do the payment platform also will do it it'll help bridge a gap between a customer a customer and a property in terms of customers can pay in the payment platform for all the payment, currency of choice and we can pay out to the property upon it in their payment currency of choice. So for example again the hotel in Italy or in Paris may not take all the payment methods that we offer to our Asian customers and we can give them virtual credit cards in for example a MasterCard or a Visa format. So there are all sorts of different benefits from the payments platform and they'll want to talk to you about that helps in the business as well is that the agency model of course leaves the payment process open to the customer to deal with the property and vice versa and we actually get a lot of off a customer service request calls are to do with things that go wrong somewhere or we're not expected in that equation between the property and the customer, we weren't where we're not participating because we're just being agents providing the booking. So we find that if we made the payment process we can reduce the number of customer service incidents around the payment question and actually increase the rules as the overall satisfaction and experience of both the customer and the property partner. So there are many benefits of the payment platform. Others have mentioned a few in some cases you get all of them in one transaction in some cases you only get one. But it's something that we are developing rapidly inside of Booking.com because we got a lot of experience in payments in both Agoda and in Priceline. So we're taking leverage with that capability where we've already seen those benefits occur.
Doug Anmuth: Thanks very helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Heath Terry from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Heath Terry: Great. Thank you. You called out specifically the January 21st date is the one where you've sort of started to see the headlines for coronavirus, wondering if you could share with us sort of where your expectations were then for bookings growth in the quarter and just to get a better sense of sort of where you know the magnitude of the shift between then and where we are where we are now. And then also on the - as we think about sort of where you're seeing the divergence in bookings growth and room night growth continuing and spreading, I know in the past you've talked about obviously that being a function of cheaper ADR. Just wondering if maybe you could get a little bit more into detail with us on that, as far as how much of that is geographic. How much of that is you believe customers continuing to downshift to cheaper rooms and how much of it might be an access to inventory issue as hotels look to retain more of their compression nights for their own platforms.
Glenn Fogel: Sure, let me take those in reverse order, so the ADR question is the best place to go is back to back to Q4 because we were operating obviously in a business as usual type environments. And without going through a long explanation because we gave a fairly long explanations to what's happening to ADR and why we saw that ADR reduction in the fourth quarter. My part of it is because we were lapping a rather unusual increase a year ago sort of for really became a three if you normalize that and then we saw basically half of that decline due to lower rates in the key countries which were like US, Japan, Hong Kong, of course you know again on a free virus model and some of that was macro, about half of the decline in ADRs was due to a shift towards lower a ADR country again. So that was also macro because some of the higher ADR countries got very expensive from a tax point of view. So when we go back and look at Q4 and look at Q3 we saw basically two points of normalize reduction in ADRs in Q3 and three points in Q4. We believe about half of that with our macro and half of that was mix related going forward. So hopefully that gives you a little bit of flavor to call what's going on. Going into 2020, we expect to be ADR reductions to be down to a couple of points, again on pre corona virus basis basically just assuming that the macro piece that continued with a little bit more in the first half a little bit less in the second half due to the lapping effect of what we saw occurring last year. And just to go back to the very first part of the question. Just like we try not to give specific guidance for where we were for the year, pre corona virus and we did give you a - I think a fairly good flavor as to how we thought the business would operate during the pre the corona virus. We try not to get into a lot of bridging exercises between where we were Q1 before and afterwards for what it's worth I can tell you that we're tracking nicely ahead of our internal expectations for the first three weeks in January but it's only a three week period of time. So take it for four was worth but we were running slightly in front of the expectations we have for the year which I outlined relative to what we talked about 2019 and when we expect things to continue into 2020. I don't want to get into a specific we thought room like growth would be X and is Y because we can never really compare against the hypothetical growth, we were comfortable with where the year was shaping up. We felt good about the profile of business we talked about in 2020 relative to what we saw in 2019 and the business model continuing and hopefully that gives you a flavor you can have really come to your own conclusion as to what it was, but we were pleased with how things were shaping up going into ‘20 and the shape of ‘20 as we looked at the full year.
Glenn Fogel: So this concludes the remarks and I want to end by saying the summary, our 2019 performers met some important financials strategic goals. I'm very pleased about the steps we've taken to date to write more value to the customers and our supply partners and we look forward to doing more so in the future. And we're going to manage through the current travel environment and I am very confident in our long term prospects. And finally I want to thank our supplier marketing partners, our more than 26000 employees distribute across more than 300 offices and a very special thank you to a subset of those 26000 over the last couple of months have been working so hard in this environment. I want to thank them very much and most of all I want to thank our traveler customers who are out there exploring the world. Good night.
Operator: Good bye. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.+

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-07 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Booking Holdings Third Quarter 2019 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings' actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of Booking Holding's earnings press release as well as Booking Holdings' most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings' earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings website, www.bookingholdings.com. And now, I'd like to introduce Booking Holdings' speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and David Goulden. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. And welcome to Booking Holdings third quarter conference call. I'm joined this afternoon by our CFO, David Goulden. We executed well in our busiest quarter of the year as we booked $223 million or almost a quarter of a billion room rights, which is up 11% year-over-year and exceeded the high end of our guidance range. We're pleased that room night growth has been reasonably consistent this year. We produced over $5 billion in revenue and approximately $2.5 billion in EBITDA, which are year-over-year increases of approximately 7% and 8% respectively on a constant currency basis. While we believe these financial results show that we have meaningful size and scale, we note that, against a very large global travel market opportunity, we are still a small share of the marketplace, which means we have substantial opportunity in front of us. I am pleased that our performances this quarter delivered better-than-expected room night growth, driven by solid growth in our direct channel, though I note that we continue to witness slower growth in our paid channels. And while we look to find ways to drive growth through the paid channels, we will remain disciplined and will invest only if we like the quality of traffic and the associated return on investment. We remain firmly in execution mode as we work to deliver against our goal of extending our lead in core accommodations market through key initiatives in customer acquisition, merchandising, our payments platform and improving the selection of properties on our websites. We expect these initiatives to improve customer conversion and drive incremental growth from our existing demand channels. We continued to execute against our long-term strategy of building the connected trip with Booking.com recently launching a flight offering in certain European countries. The launch is still in its very early days and we will continue to make product enhancements and improve the customer experience to create what we believe will be a better offering over time. We remain excited as our long-term vision of the connected trip is being translated into new Booking.com services. We believe the connected trip has tremendous potential to create a more robust travel ecosystem that will result in greater loyalty and engagement for Booking.com's very large active customer base. And it is an opportunity for our large supplier base to merchandise their offerings. In conjunction with Priceline.com, Agoda has also launched a flight product that is initially focused on select countries in the APAC markets, which we believe will complement its existing accommodations offering. I am proud of our inter-brand cooperation development of this product, which demonstrates how we are able to leverage our deep travel expertise across our company to build new services. We look forward to introducing other areas of collaboration across the brands in the future. We are also excited to announce our partnership with Grab is now showing tangible benefits to our customers. One of the goals of the partnership is to give Booking.com app users access to the largest fleet of drivers across eight countries in Southeast Asia, providing our customers traveling in these countries a frictionless experience, removing language and currency barriers. Right now, Booking.com app users can access Grab services in Singapore, and we will be expanding this service to Indonesia and Thailand by the end of the year and to the remaining markets by early 2020. Another point to note about the partnership is Grab previously introduced a connection to hotel bookings through its own Grab app using both Agoda and Booking.com. In our alternative accommodations business, Booking.com continues to build richer content for both its customers and supply partners. Booking.com recently announced a series of new tools and product enhancements specifically designed to help professional short-term rental partners more effectively market and simplify the day-to-day management of their properties on Booking.com's platform. In terms of our listings count, Booking.com's total alternative accommodation listings now stand at over 6.2 million as of September 30. A key goal continues to be improving both the quality and variety of our listings in this area. We are encouraged with the progress in alternative accommodations business and continue to witness growth outpacing our overall business, while maintaining solid profitability. In regards to the overall global travel market, we believe it is generally healthy, but see some mixed results in geographies throughout the world. Europe remains stable, but is still impacted by somewhat sluggish GDP growth, which is consistent with what we have seen throughout most of the year. Southeast Asia continues to grow nicely. However, markets like China, and particularly Hong Kong, are placing pressure on our overall growth rate due to certain macro events.  International travel to the United States has been negatively impacted by a strong dollar.  Like this year has shown, though, our global scale has helped us navigate a tricky macro environment and we remain confident that we will continue to do so in the future. In conclusion, I am very pleased with our performance in the third quarter and we remain confident that the efforts we are making now will support the long-term growth prospects of the company. I want to thank our over 26,000 employees for their hard work and dedication during the busy third quarter, providing unparalleled service to both our customers and supplier partners around the world. I will now turn the call over to our CFO, David Goulden, for the detailed financial review.
David Goulden: Thank you, Glenn. And good afternoon. I'll review our operating results for the third quarter and then discuss our guidance for the fourth quarter. All growth rates are relative to the prior-year comparable period unless otherwise indicated. Information regarding reconciliation to GAAP can be found in our earnings release. Now for our results for the quarter. Our booked room night growth of 11% for the quarter exceeded the high-end of our guidance range. Our room night growth in Europe continued to exceed our expectations this quarter despite a macro environment that remains cautious. Room night growth rates for the rest of the world also exceeded our expectations and grew approximately in line with Europe in Q3. Average daily rates for accommodations, or ADRs, were down about 3% year-over-year in Q3 on a constant currency basis, which was a larger decline than our guidance of down about 2.5%. The year-on-year ADR decline was impacted by decreases in rates within several key markets such as the US, Japan and Hong Kong as well as an increased mix to faster growing, lower ADR markets. The increase in pressure on ADRs we're seeing in the second half of the year is influenced by lapping about a 1% growth in ADRs in the second half of last year and by a number of macroeconomic-driven factors, including less travel in key international corridor due to trade and political issues, as well as the strength of the US dollar. Changes in foreign exchange rates reduced Q3 growth rates in US dollars by approximately 3 percentage points versus last year. We estimate the changes in FX rates impacted gross bookings, revenue, EBITDA and EPS growth in Q3 by a similar amount.  Q3 gross bookings grew by 4% expressed in US dollars and grew by about 7% on a constant currency basis, coming in above the high-end of our guidance range.  Consolidated revenue for the third quarter was $5 billion and grew by 4% in US dollars and about 7% on a constant currency basis. Advertising and other revenue, which is mainly comprised of KAYAK and OpenTable, grew by 12% in Q3. Adjusted EBITDA for Q3 was $2.5 billion, which exceeded the high-end of our guidance range and was up 5% year-over-year on a reported basis and about 8% on a constant currency basis. Performance marketing expense declined 2% year-over-year, which helped drive leverage of about 150 basis points in the quarter. This leverage was driven by an increased mix in room nights from the direct channel, which continued to grow faster than our paid channels. While we'll keep working to grow our direct channel over time, we continue to see performance marketing channels as an efficient way to acquire customers and we'll maintain our approach to spend rationally in these channels. We spent $124 million on brand marketing in the quarter, which represented a decline of 22% versus Q3 last year, contributing about 80 basis points of leverage. As we mentioned on our Q2 earnings call in August, we are refining and focusing our brand spend in the second half of this year. Sales and other expense grew 13% versus Q3 of last year and contributed about 50 basis points of deleverage, primarily due to the growth of our payment platform at Booking.com. Sales and other grew slower than merchant gross bookings at 36% in the quarter due to lower growth in certain payment-related expenses. Personnel expense came in slightly lower than our forecast and contributed a small amount of deleverage in the quarter. Finally, G&A expenses increased 41% year-over-year on a non-GAAP basis. Note that non-GAAP G&A expenses in Q3 last year excluded a $23 million travel transaction tax charge, which negatively impacted GAAP results in the prior year. Non-GAAP G&A expenses contributed about 120 basis points of deleverage in the quarter, driven by a $29 million year-to-date impact from the French digital services tax, as well as an additional $10 million related to travel transaction taxes from prior periods. Our non-GAAP EPS was $45.36, up 20% versus the prior year. Adjusted for currency, non-GAAP EPS grew about 24% in the quarter. Non-GAAP net income reflects a non-GAAP tax rate of 18.8% in Q3, which is lower than the prior year due to a provision of a tax act which was clarified in Q4 of last year. Our 10% lower share count in Q3 benefited EPS in the quarter. On a GAAP basis, operating income increased by 5% and GAAP operating margin increased by 70 basis points compared to Q3 last year. Q3 GAAP net income amounted to $1.95 billion or $45.54 per share, up 23% from Q3 2018. Our Q3 GAAP net income includes $49 million. Our pre-tax unrealized losses on our equity investments in Ctrip and Meituan and $72 million of FX remeasurement gains on our eurobonds. We excluded these unrealized losses and remeasurement gains from our non-GAAP results. We had a GAAP tax rate of 17.5% for the quarter, which decreased from 21.1% in the prior year due to beneficial adjustments made in Q3 2019 related to the tax act that were excluded from our non-GAAP results and from the factors I mentioned that impacted non-GAAP tax rates. In Q3, we generated $1.9 billion of operating cash flow, which decreased 6% compared to Q3 last year. Our free cash flow for the quarter was $1.8 billion, which decreased by 4% compared to the prior year, mainly due to seasonal effects from a higher mix of merchant revenues and the impact this has in the third quarter due to a high concentration of check-ins. During the course of the year, we expect the growth of our merchant business will be a modest positive driver of cash flow. We purchased $1.3 billion of our stock in Q3, bringing the amount remaining under our $15 billion repurchase authorization to about $12.9 billion at the end of the quarter. We continue to expect to complete this authorization in the next two to three years, assuming stable business and market conditions. We ended the quarter with $11.8 billion in cash and investments and $8.6 billion of outstanding debt. Before turning to our guidance, we note that the returns from our growth investments for the year are tracking in line with what we said last quarter and we still expect these investments to impact EBITDA growth for the full year by a few percentage points. Let's now turn our attention to Q4 guidance. Foreign exchange rates are expected to negatively impact year-over-year growth rates for gross bookings, revenue, EBITDA and non-GAAP EPS by approximately 1.5 percentage points. We use a dollar to euro exchange rate of $1.11 when setting our Q4 guidance. Our Q4 outlook does not anticipate any change in the macro environments. Based on where we are in the quarter and looking at all other factors, we are forecasting booked room nights to grow by 6% to 8% in Q4. We forecast gross bookings to grow 2% to 4% on a constant currency basis and about 150 basis points less in US dollars. Our Q4 forecast assumes constant currency ADRs for the company will be down about 4%, driven by the same factors that impacted Q3 ADRs. A number of these factors are occurring in Asia and Asia is a seasonally larger quarter in Q3. We forecast Q4 revenue to be up 1% to 3% on a constant currency basis and by about 150 basis points less in US dollars. Q4 adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $1.21 billion and $1.235 billion, which is approximately flat year-on-year on a constant currency basis. We are forecasting continued leverage from the performance marketing expense line in Q4, reflecting lower volumes in paid channels and our continued focus on acquiring high quality traffic. We expect to see continued leverage of brand spend in Q4. Although we've reduced our brand spending in the second half of the year, we still expect to grow our brand spend for the full year. We expect growth in personnel expenses to reduce EBITDA growth by several percentage points in the quarter due to unexpected lower year-end reversal of bonus accruals than we experienced last Q4. Sales and other expense is expected to grow slower than merchant bookings growth, but faster than overall revenue growth. We are forecasting Q4 non-GAAP EPS of approximately $21.50 to $22 even. Normalizing for constant currency, we estimate Q4 non-GAAP EPS to decrease year-over-year by approximately 1% to 3%. This range for Q4 implies a full-year constant currency non-GAAP EPS growth rate of about 13%, which is in line with our full-year expectation for low double-digit growth. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast for Q4 includes an estimated income tax rate of approximately 19%, which is significantly higher than Q4 last year due to one-time adjustment of approximately $72 million in Q4 2018 related to a provision of the tax act that was clarified by regulatory guidance issued in Q4 of 2018. If we exclude the one-time benefit from Q4 last year, our EPS growth in the quarter will be about 7% higher. We expect our full-year non-GAAP tax rate to be approximately 19% compared with 18.3% last year. Our Q4 non-GAAP EPS guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of approximately 42.2 million shares, which is 9% below Q4 of last year. We forecast GAAP EPS between $20.40 and $20.90 for Q4. Our GAAP EPS guidance for Q4 assumes a tax rate of approximately 19%. We have hedge contracts in place to substantially shield our fourth quarter EBITDA and net income from any further fluctuations in currencies versus the dollar between now and the end of the quarter, but the hedges do not protect our gross bookings revenue or operating profit from the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. We'll now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mark Mahaney: Great, thanks. Two questions please. Could you talk about whether you're seeing any pressures in SEO channels, whether that's become less viable for you as a source of traffic? And then, Glenn, you talked about paid marketing channels and trying to diversify amongst them. Could you talk about how you do that? I know this is something that the company has looked to do for many years. Just how many options are there in order to do that? Thanks a lot.
Glenn Fogel: Hi, Mark. Well, regarding SEO, we saw some headwinds in the SEO channel that did create some modest pressure, but it's a small channel for us. Your second question, I wasn't quite following. I don't recall saying something. So, could you say that again?
Mark Mahaney: I think, early on, you talked about paid leads were coming in a little more slowly than maybe you would want it or less ideal. I think this is something that, for a while, you've been looking for faster channels of paid – high-quality paid leads. Can you just talk about your ability to find those? How do you find faster growth paid leads?
Glenn Fogel: Yeah. Okay, I see where you're coming from. Actually, what we said – I know. I figured out what you're saying. We've talked about this for some time that there has been a deceleration of the paid channels that's been going on for a long time. Now, we'd like to obviously find – we'd like to find more customers from those channels. My point being more importantly that no matter what we're doing, we're going to try and maintain our discipline and only do it when we see the right ROIs. There's, obviously, lots of things that I want to always work to improve their paid channels, particularly in terms of trying to increase conversion is the primary thing you can do. And there are also things and looking out in different ways where we want to shift the money among the different paid channels. These are dynamic markets, as you know. And what we do will influence what other people do. So, it's always a bit of a strategy game going on. But you've seen our results so far and we're pleased with where we are right now with the paid channels.
Mark Mahaney: Okay. Thanks, Glenn.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Deepak Mathivanan of Barclays Capital. Your line is open.
Deepak Mathivanan: Great. Thanks for taking the question. So, first, what is driving the outperformance in the Europe room night growth versus your expectations? The macro data points, at least if you look at the industry third-party sources, appear to be sluggish. And also, the commentary from suppliers kind of seem to be the same. Is there a counter cyclicality aspect that's benefiting your room night growth or would you just attribute it to better execution during the quarter? And then, the second question, sounds like the partnership with Grab is off to a good start and is doing really well. How are you planning to replicate similar strategies in some of the developed markets? Are there more partnership-based opportunities that you would look at that? Thank you very much.
Glenn Fogel: Sure. So, I don't think we're in the area of counter cyclicality yet. We mentioned at the beginning that we see the travel industry in general around the world – I use the word generally healthy. So, we're not in an area of recession that would then stimulate some type of counter-cyclicality. So, I think your other point of good execution, I'd like to ascribe a lot of that just to good execution and give a shout-out to our 26,000 employees who are executing very, very well. In regards to the Grab partnership, I agree, I'm pleased with what we're doing there. I like what's happening there. It's, obviously, very small still, but it's growing and going the right way. And as you know, at about the same time we made a deal with Didi. And I mentioned, we're going to bring that one out similarly in the sense of being able to provide a seamless, frictionless ground transportation solution for our customers in China and other places where Didi operates over time. And also, the other way, the same with Grab is being able to expose our offerings of hotel accommodations, home accommodation, all the other things that we're going to offer to the very, very large customer base that Didi has. And, of course, what one wants to do is go out and replicate that in other parts of the world with other players and that's what our affiliate or strategic partnership teams are going out and doing and I'm pleased with the progress they're making in that area.
Deepak Mathivanan: Okay. Thanks, Glenn.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Kopelman of Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Kevin Kopelman: Great. Thanks a lot. So, it seems like you've – last few quarters, you've been settling into a nice kind of stable growth rate recently on nights and top line. So, with that as a backdrop, can you tell us how you're thinking about investments in non-ad operating expenses as you move forward into 2020? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: We've talked in the past about the importance to grow our business, having a balance between the amount of money that we're going to invest to help grow out the future, at the same time maintaining discipline to provide an appropriate bottom line return for our shareholders. We're just going to continue to do that, and that's the way we do it. And we've talked many times about some of the things that we want to build. We've talked a lot about the connected trip and how, we see in the long run, that's the winner for us, the differentiator, the thing that will make customers come back because they will see a better experience, improve the loyalty, lower the amount of money that we have to spend on the advertising spend. These are all things that we are continuing to work on and we're going to continue to maintain that balance.
Kevin Kopelman: Okay. Thanks, Glenn. And then, just a quick follow-up on Mark's question about SEO. You mentioned it's a small channel for you. Can you help us put a finer point on that? Is it safe to assume that SEO is a single-digit percentage of your overall revenue? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: I think I'm going to stick with my qualitative term. Small.
Kevin Kopelman: All right. Thanks, Glenn.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lloyd Walmsley of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Lloyd Walmsley: Great, thanks. Two if I can. First, Glenn, you all have made couple of investments in rideshare companies over in Asia. You've got a good history of leveraging M&A. Any interest in making more investments in the rideshare space? There is some public assets on sale. Would it make sense to use some of your capital to do more in the rideshare space? And then, secondly, on the payment side, I think you all have said it's kind of shifted from a drag to neutral and then eventually it will be a tailwind to EBITDA next year. Can you kind of talk about how that will flow through the P&L? Is that just basically higher effective revenue as you start to charge for payments more broadly, offsetting the cost? And then, what kind of profit center do you see payments becoming as the merchant business scales over the next few years and get your rhythm on the payment side?
Glenn Fogel: Well, in regards to the first question, I think we're all familiar that we don't discuss potential M&A transactions publicly. So, I'll have to pass on that one. And I'm going to pass over to Dave in turn to talk about how the funds flows work and why the numbers will be what they'll be.
David Goulden: Yeah. Lloyd, on the payment side, as you know, there are many moving parts. There are multiple different aspects of revenue in the payment stream and there are multiple aspects of costs. And essentially, as we've discussed, we've been using this both to help the business and as a marketing tool, but also building all the mechanics then to be able to optimize both sides of that equation, revenue and cost as the payment platform builds. So, next year, we do expect payments compared to this year to be a contributor to EBITDA growth. And it will come from both sides, both the higher revenue recovery and also through better cost efficiency as we roll the platform out, as we generate more scale, as we continue to refine the underlying structure of the product. As we said, long term, we certainly view that it can be not only a contributor to EBITDA growth, but also a profit center, but we don't want to quantify that right now. And as we go into next year, we'll probably give you a little bit more color as to how the payments business has progressed as a percentage of our mix, but it's continuing to increase nicely from the approximately 10% of Booking.com we talked about in 2018.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of the Naved Khan of SunTrust. Your line is open.
Naved Khan: Yeah. Thanks a lot. Just a couple. So, I think, Glenn, in passing, you had mentioned that maybe the Hong Kong unrest and maybe some travel restrictions in parts of Asia were a drag on the growth. I would think that having a global business like yours, people basically switch destinations if they want to travel. So, on the whole, are you seeing that as still a drag? How does that play out? And then, on the connected experience side, I guess you're testing this on the air bookings in Europe with one or two partners. How do these partners kind of different from KAYAK in terms of how they go to market with you?
Glenn Fogel: So, the first one, you're absolutely correct in terms of a global company like ours, we do get some benefit when one particular area becomes a place that people don't want to travel to, there will be a certain portion that will shift to another place and we will get that business. That being said, another percentage of that business will unfortunately not travel. They had a specific reason to travel to that region or they just decided that they just didn't want to travel. That's what they wanted to do and now they're not going to do it. So, there is a drag even though we are global. And I'll point out that some of the areas which we mentioned in the last Q are still going on. The China outbound to the US is still down from where it was a couple of years ago. That is a drag. We had good business there. Certainly, we've all seen on TV what's going on in Hong Kong and that also is a drag on the economy. And there are other places like that. So, while we enjoy the benefits of a global business, there is no doubt that we would do better without these types of problems. In regards to your other question about air in Europe, we have been experimenting with lots of different ways. KAYAK is one of the ways in the past. We had a click out to part of a company called Etraveli that was – their offering was called Gotogate. And we now have a more accomplished, more fulsome relationship with Etraveli and doing a much more true integrated seamless type air product. The difference between doing a matter [ph] with KAYAK and having it actually integrated as a true OTA offering enable us the connected trip. You see it was all that data that we get from the actual conversion, all the booking data, all the things the person is doing to be able to offer them some seamless and – we like to talk about – holistic offering. So, one of the benefits with something like this is you can offer connected trip car rental or other types of ground transportation much more efficiently. And I would point out, just as a separate, and this is not related to the air product because that is relatively recent, but one of the things I'd like to see – I like that we've seen recently is what's going on in our rental cars business. And if you look at the statistical summary at the end of our release, you'll see that this recent quarter, we've had a nice uptick in that car rental, and that is partially due to the connected trip. Well, we are now offering that car rental much more connected with our Booking.com accommodations customers. So, that's another one of those instances where I see the connected trip beginning to come to fruition and see what we really can do.
Naved Khan: That's great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking my questions. Hey, Glenn. I have two. So, the first one, sort of a bigger picture question to you. You sort of talked about how you're witnessing slower growth in paid channels for a little while now. You guys look at so much data, you have such good visibility into the market, why do you think that's happening? Is it because you're seeing a deceleration in people coming online and why is that happening? Are you seeing fewer clicks to bid for? What do you think is driving this? And what do you think could cause a reacceleration in paid channels over time? And then, the second one on the alternative accommodation business. Any update or help on sort of how big that business is now and how to think about its contribution to growth from a room night perspective? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: So, talking about the paid channels, certainly, as people went online years ago, there is a much larger number of people I think who were – particularly in the area that we really have some of our sweet spot, Europe and other developed areas, people jumped online and they went to these paid channels. A lot of those people are already there. Now, you start going to other areas of the world where people are going online, but they may not perhaps go to some of our traditional paid channel areas. I'll give you a perfect example. We talk a lot about China is a great opportunity for us for the long run. Google does not operate in China. So, all those new people coming online to buy travel, we've got to find another way to get them. So, that would be an example. And there are other places like that. So, I think that's probably the primary reason for it. Whether or not this will reaccelerate, let me know if Google is going to start having a full service in China, in other areas. That's one of the things that we know it's – in the end, what's most important for us to get customers to come to us directly. We've talked about this a lot in the past. It's one of the things that I think is very important. For us to have our own future is to create a service that is so wonderful, so good that people just naturally will come back to us directly. And we will not be dependent on other – we will not be as dependent on other sources of traffic. What was your second question?
Brian Nowak: Alternative accommodation. Sort of how to think about – any help on its sizing from a room night perspective or contribution to growth in the quarter?
Glenn Fogel: Well, we continue to talk about how it grows faster than our core hotel business and we're pleased about that. In terms of actual sizing, we gave you some data a couple of quarters ago. We're not updating that right now. And in terms of the overall industry, there is a lot of data around the world. And I'll say the swing from the people who give the lowest estimates to the people with the highest estimates is a pretty wide range. So, I wouldn't even attempt to try and come up with which one or where is the exact true number. We know it's a big business and we know it's an area that's important for us for the future and that's why we continue to devote time, resources and money to it.
Brian Nowak: Great. Thanks, Glenn.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Ju of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Stephen Ju: Thank you. So, Glenn, I'm wondering if you can elaborate a little bit about how the operating environment in Southeast Asia may be changing, especially as it regards to Agoda? You've been there for some time now. And it seems like around you, online connectivity, adoption of e-commerce and payment frictions are all coming down in the region, which conceivably should serve as tailwinds. Are there any structural constraints that you can see that may slow the rate of adoption of online travel in the region? And secondarily, just wondering how the consumers there behave. Is there a greater propensity to buy packaged products versus hotels and air ticket separately, which may be informing your decision to, I guess, invest in what is more of an intermodal product? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: So, I would say that Asia in general is one of the opportunities for us for a very, very long time to continue to build out our business and have good growth. And one of the ways one can look at that is Boeing and Airbus both put together some very detailed – 10-year projections, I believe, they are. And even further perhaps. And you just look at the number of planes that they are going to expect to be delivered there. Another way you could do it is look at the number of airports being built in the region. And those things all show that travel is going to continue to be a growth industry in that part of the world, one. Two, the different ways that people buy in Asia – and Asia, obviously, is somewhat of a generic term. It's different in different countries. What happens in Japan is very different than, let's say, what's happening in Vietnam. But there are some similarities that I would say that we look at. And one is that price is very, very important. It is a very competitive world out there in terms of price. Also interesting, and I think we're all familiar with this is that many people who are just coming online are skipping desktop entirely. Everything is lived on the phone and that's very, very important. The next thing is the super apps that are prevalent there are very important in terms of how you're going to try and get busy. If you're not part of one, you're at a disadvantage. I would also say that it's not just the super apps, but you see people who go to many different apps to compare price because price – actually download numerous different travel apps and then go through each one. Not the most effective or efficient way to find out what the lowest price is, but people do do that. These things are really important. And I would say that it's something we're going to continue to do. David, anything else you – David, do you want to add anything?
David Goulden: Yeah. The only thing I'd add is that, whilst alternative payment methods are certainly something that's a function that's happening, you see it happening around the world, you see more of them in Asia. And the ability to transaction in multiple currencies, pay-in, pay-out in different currencies, particularly pay-in for the travel point of view in alternative payment methods is a factor that is more prevalent in Asia than elsewhere.
Glenn Fogel: Absolutely correct. People in the developed areas of the world use credit cards, people in developing worlds are using all different payment products and it's very important that we be able to use every single one because our customers are used to using those. They want to use those. And if we don't have them, they'll go somewhere else.
Stephen Ju: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Post of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Justin Post: Thank you. A couple of questions. It looks like pretty good ad leverage in the quarter. Just how do you feel about the advertising situation as you look forward as far as your ability to drive direct traffic and need to spend and maybe ramp up the brand campaign again? And then, second on ADRs, obviously, a headwind in Q4. Are there any events or areas that really showed an inflection in ADR growth and something that would tell you this is very temporary and could rebound? Just wondering how to think about that for 2020. Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: So, I'll talk about the advertising. Dave, you can talk about ADRs. So, in terms of brand advertising, and I've talked about this in the last quarter, I would like us to be doing better. We are not spending as much at the beginning of the year I may have thought we would have. But as I've always said, we're going to be careful with our shareholders' money. We're not going to spend blindly. We're going to always test and learn. And if I don't see the results the way we want them, we're not going to spend until we get it right. So, I'm a little disappointed where we are. That being said, it's okay. It's not terrible. It's just not as great as I would like it to be. I am very pleased that we have a new CMO at Booking.com. He has been there for just a few months. And I am looking forward to working with him very closely to come up with better creative and better campaigns in a way that we will achieve greater results for our brand marketing. And that brand marketing is not only TV brand marketing. It's video. It's all of the different things that one does in terms of producing a good brand campaign and I'm looking forward to doing this going forward.
David Goulden: Yeah, Justin. Thanks for the question. I'll give you a little bit more color on what's going on with ADRs because there are a number of factors. I mentioned a couple in my prepared remarks, but let me give you a little bit more flavor. So, in the third quarter, constant currency, we saw about a 3% decline; in the fourth quarter, expecting about 4%. When we look at that, about half of that decline is due to lower rates in key countries. And the ones I call out would be US, Japan and Hong Kong being the largest contributor to that piece of it. And about half of the decline is due to a mix shift towards lower ADR countries away from higher ADR countries. Now, some of that is affected by macroeconomic factors and those are impacting both rate and mix, and I'll describe what they are and I'll give you a flavor as to how we think they're actually playing out relative to just underlying trends. So, for example, less China into the US is impacting ADRs in the US with less inbound international travel. So is less and less expensive travel from Europe into the US due to the strong dollar. So, factors driving US ADRs on the right level. Less travel from South Korea into Japan is impacting ADRs in Japan. And, of course, travel into Hong Kong generally is down considerably that impacts both occupancies and ADRs there. But these economic factors are also impacting mix as well. They don't only impact rate. They impact mix, with less travel into high ADR markets – I mentioned US and Hong Kong – and more travel to some of the lower ADR markets, for example, other markets in Southeast Asia. So, you kind of put it all together and there are many factors that are impacting these global ADRs. It's difficult to be exactly precise, but we estimate about half of what we're seeing in the second half of this year is driven by external macro factors and about half of it is due just to underlying changes in our business. And remember also, we're comparing against two quarters where we saw unusual ADR increases last year. So, you kind of put all that together and you say, adjusted for that compare, our constant currency ADRs are down about 2% in Q3, about 3% in Q4, and about half of that we can attribute to macro external factors that should normalize over time.
Justin Post: Great. Thank you, David. Thank you, Glenn.
Operator: Another question from the line of Douglas Anmuth of J.P. Morgan. Your line is open.
Douglas Anmuth: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Glenn, I just wanted to ask if anything has changed just in terms of your role as you're Booking.com CEO as opposed to the CEO of the overall group, if anything has changed or just how you're thinking about the business? And then, any early learnings around the flight offerings in some of the newer geographies that you're in? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: So, I'll answer the second one first. The flight thing is so early. It's literally just a couple of – there is nothing to be said about that yet, but I hope to be able to talk more about it in the future. In regards to the new role being both the CEO of Booking Holdings and Booking.com, we talked about that in the last call. And one of the things I pointed out was, because of my experience in bringing all of the companies that are part of this organization in to be part of what was originally just priceline.com and knowing all the management teams and knowing what's good and what needs some help and where the strengths and weaknesses are and personalities of the management teams, I felt that I would have a better opportunity to try and bring together the company closer and help us work more efficiently with all of our assets. And I'm pleased to say that I love the way things are beginning to come out the way it's good for our customers and our suppliers and our shareholders too. And I pointed out, in my prepared remarks, that Agoda and Priceline working together created that flight offering for Agoda right now. And I mentioned a little bit of the nice thing that we're seeing in our car rental business where by integrating rental cars into the Booking.com operation, beginning to see some upticks there. I can go on and on. And I mentioned how we're going to have more of this cooperation come up with new services because the connected trip requires us to be able to use all of our assets together.  I've always talked about the reason why OpenTable was not because we just wanted to have a reservation system, a restaurant reservation system, but because we know every single customer traveling needs to find a place to eat because they're not eating at home. And by putting these things together, all the data we have from the travel part, all the things we know about what they like in terms of where they like to eat at home from OpenTable and creating merchandise offerings to these customers in a holistic seamless way is just a much, much better experience than going from site to site to site. We have a center in Tel Aviv that has a whole bunch of machine learning experts, AI geniuses who are coming up with different ways to put together the different offerings. And we're going to continue to push that forward and that will create – and I said it earlier tonight about the differentiated service that will be able to bring people back with more loyalty, to enjoy a better experience than is being experienced before. That's what I'm so excited about. And seeing it to start come to fruition is just thrilling.
Douglas Anmuth: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Another question from the line of Eric Sheridan of UBS. Your line is open.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks so much. Maybe a few follow-ups on some of the topics you've talked about on the call tonight. In terms of avenues of investment on the marketing side, how are you differentiating between driving desktop traffic versus mobile traffic? And within mobile, web versus app? And where you're seeing the highest ROI as you think about some of those channels across investing versus driving conversion? And then, going one layer below to conversion, what are sort of the big differentiators you're seeing that drive higher conversion when you do see traffic to your properties? Is it the payments mechanism? Is it depth of inventory, especially shared accommodations? Or is it some of what you talked about on the experiences in the local side that might be areas where you want to invest additional layers to drive more conversion as we look out not only end of this year, but out over the next couple of years? Thanks so much guys.
Glenn Fogel: Well, we're not going to disclose much in terms of where we're putting the marketing money and which ones are giving us the best ROIs. I think you'll understand our reticence to do that. In terms of conversion, I haven't actually done – looked at the data, but I'm going to make a bet that the thing that gives the highest conversion is having a great price. That's probably the number one thing that you can improve conversion is to offer a better price. I'm not sure how much more detail I can really go into here. I'll defer if there's anything you want to add, David?
David Goulden: No. Conversion is a multi-faceted fact. Obviously, people look for choice. They look for companies. They look for support. They look for quality reviews. They look for just the quality and the trust of the site and the products and there's a lot of good data science that goes on behind testing all those and they all have a factor. Good news is that there are many levers that we can pull to continue to improve conversion. And as Glenn said, price and value are key ones of all.
Glenn Fogel: And I'll just add to what David said. And one of the things again that you'll – that we do do and I think it is one of the advantages of being a very large player who can afford lots of data scientists and there's been a lot of money in trying to figure out what is the best personalization for a traveler and whether this person has come before or even not, but we know something about cohort. To be able to really offer them something that is what they want to buy and that's something that's very important because if you just throw up a search result that has no relevance to what they really want, you're not going to get much of a conversion. But because of the data we have, and we have more data probably than most any other travel player around, we use that in a way to make sure that we're offering up to our customer what they want and that's how you can help create that higher conversion. They're happier. It was an easy way for them to get what they wanted that builds the loyalty, they come back, we get more data. And again, circling back to the connected trip, the more we learn about our customer, the more we're able to then present to them all the things they wanted to know. If it's a leisure trip, what other things do they need. If it's a business trip, what things do they need. And that is just such an advantage of a smaller player and it's an advantage over any individual supplier in the travel ecosystem because they only see a small portion in their data of what the person was. So, even the largest hotel chain doesn't know anything about their customer in terms of what sort of ground transportation they want or what sort of restaurant reservations they like to make or what kind of air they generally want to do and what kind of attractions they want. That's the advantage that a full OTA like us has.
Eric Sheridan: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Another question from the line of Heath Terry of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Heath Terry: Great. Glenn, I guess at some level this is a little bit more of a philosophical question, but it relates to the answer that you gave on the brand ad spend question. But you grew revenues 4% this quarter. It wasn't that long ago that the company was growing 25%. Given the margins you're generating and what you're spending on buybacks, it's clearly not a question of resources. Are the incremental returns on investment that bad? Are you okay with long-term growth at these levels? Or is there a path back to 20% growth that you could see the company getting to?
Glenn Fogel: Well, I don't want to go to any specific number, but I do believe that it's important we create services that people want to come back enough that we can accelerate. I'd like to do that. That's part of the reason we're making these investments. And I think in the long run, the thing is creating that great service that gets us loyalty from the people who currently come and keep coming and then creating that brand marketing of us, if you'll know about this better system and come to us and then use it. It's one of those things that, in these network economies, that when you create something that really is differential and better, the uptick can be very, very rapid. So, hopefully, and I believe we will be able to do this, creating these better services, creating this better experience, being able to provide an opportunity for all of our suppliers, this incredible breadth of suppliers in all different parts of the travel ecosystem, offering them an opportunity to reach out to our customers in this merchandising ways, different packages, different types of prices, different types of value and being able to present it to, on the other hand, our demand side which is so huge make it so much better that then creates that flywheel effect and have it start cranking up again. That's what I'd like to see.
Heath Terry: Okay. And is there – anything you can add just sort of on what you are seeing in terms of the incremental returns in the areas of investment, particularly on brand advertising? As a percentage of sales, this is the lowest you've spent in, I think, nearly three years. Given how important you've called out driving direct traffic is, I guess, I'm just surprised that you haven't tried to push that a little bit further?
Glenn Fogel: Well, I guess – and you asked for philosophically and I'll go back to that then. Philosophically, I'm against wasting money. And I want to make sure that we're getting the return for the money we spend. And again, our brand campaigns are fine. They're just not as good as I'd like them to be. So, when I say I'm disappointed, I'm not saying [indiscernible]. I'm just saying they're not as good as they could be. Some of the brand health metrics that we've seen have been good. Some have not been as good. I am very excited though about our new CMO. He had nothing to do with the old campaigns. These are new things that we're working on now and I'm looking forward to seeing some good results in the future with him.
Heath Terry: Okay, great. Thanks, Glenn.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Brian Fitzgerald of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Brian Fitzgerald: Thanks, guys. You talked to these questions, but maybe I just want to parse out a little differently. David, you highlighted direct traffic is growing faster than paid. And, Glenn, you talked to the importance of – a number of times on the call, the importance and the continued focus on direct traffic. How would you assess the magnitude and/or the quality of your direct traffic and the initiatives that you're exercising there? How much runway or leverage do you feel you have to execute against getting more direct traffic into you? Thank you.
David Goulden: Brian, in terms of just quantification, just to recap, I think everybody knows us, but we've been clear that, for a while, direct traffic has continued – has been over 50% of our bookings and continues to increase from that data point. So, that's where it is from a sizing point of view and continues to move nicely each quarter. I don't think we have – for the capital and where we think that can go, there will always be a mix. We think that's – as we said, the performance channels, albeit growing more slowly, are a very efficient way for us to capture new customers and we like what we see there. When we see growth opportunities, we lean into them and we think it's a combination of both. And then, of course, as Glenn said, the more we build, the better flywheel, the better the conversion will be from those performance-led customers into direct customers and repeat customers. So, that's the way the business now operates, but there's not really a lot of new data to give you other than reiterate the points that we've already made.
Brian Fitzgerald: Great. Thank you, David.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Jed Kelly of Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Jed Kelly: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Just on one. In the US, how do you view the opportunity of sort of getting more for by owner or that inventory that's a little – has a little more friction and bringing that over to your side or would that help your brand campaign in the US? And then, any commentary on Ctrip investing in TripAdvisor? Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: So, we've talked in the past about how we think we are under indexed in terms of the single property owner in the US. We know that's an area where we need to add inventory to have a fully competitive source of inventory against people who want that type of a place to stay. And we came to work on that. Obviously, we have a lot of different ways that we try and bring people on to the site and get – make it less burdensome to have people come on. That's something we're going to continue to do. It's blocking and tackling. And we're slowly building it out. So, that's the best I can say there. It continues to grow as we continue to add that type of inventory into the website and the inventory. In regards to the Ctrip deal that we saw announced, we continue to create partnerships ourselves. And we have a good partnership with Ctrip and they sell our hotels and we make money and we're happy about that. We also, though, said an agreement with Meituan, which is Ctrip's big competitor and we have good business and we have a good relationship with them too and we have a relationship with Didi, which is another Chinese player. And we have – as you know, we invested in Grab, as I talked about earlier, and we've put an investment into another APAC player, Serko, down in New Zealand. So, we continue to make those kind of investments and partnerships. It is not surprising that our competitors or other people in the space would also be thinking about doing those type of deals, et cetera. And I don't begrudge anybody who wants to improve their own position. That is the obligation of any corporation, to try and improve their business for their shareholders. And I suppose that's what they've done, but I have no details exactly about what the deal is. So, I really can't comment on the specifics.
Jed Kelly: Thank you.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of James Lee of Mizuho Securities. Your line is open.
James Lee: Glenn, is there any way you can give us an update on your current transition to the merchant business model here and what is the coverage now relative to total market at this point? And maybe help us understand which regions you're seeing success? And do you also expect US hotel partners to adopt this model soon? And just curious, given the slowdown in the market, is this business model giving you the price control to help you to be more resilient during the current environment? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: Well, let me talk about the resilience in the travel business in general. In the past, when there have been slowdowns, the distributors have achieved greater success because of the need for the suppliers to get more customers. So, that is something that we believe will happen again when and if there is a true slowdown. As I pointed out, the industry is still, I believe, generally healthy around the world with pockets that we've described earlier. I do believe that, in the long run, the growth in the industry will continue to exceed GDP by a few points and that is the way we always plan it out. So, there's going to be always some ups and downs in the long run. But, yes, we may gain a little more when there is a recession. And when occupancy rates are very, very high, there obviously is less need for a distributor like us. But in the long run, we'll continue to provide greater services and greater benefits to both sides of this two-sided marketplace that will allow us to achieve the success that we think we should. And, David, anything about the merchant stuff?
David Goulden: Yeah. James, on merchant – and, obviously, just to clarify, the shift we're talking is the kind of rollout of the merchant platform of Booking.com at Agoda and Priceline and we do a lot of business on the merchant model already today. Booking.com, we continue to make progress. We gave you a data point a couple of quarters ago as to how many countries we're live in. We're continuing to add to that. We're continuing to add merchant capabilities in the US and make those available to a wider range of our property partners here as well. So, continuing to grow, as I mentioned earlier Mix increasing from 2018, but we're not going to give you a new data point on that just yet. At some point in time, we'll give you an update. So, we're pleased with how that is progressing and we're pleased with how it is giving us some additional flexibility in the business. And, of course, it's very important to underpin a lot of what Glenn talks about with the connected trip because if you want to really have a connected trip, you want to also be able to connect and aggregate the way that you pay for that and also be able to do things around packaging, pricing, payments, et cetera, through – and the merchant platform provides a mechanism for that as well. So, we are pleased with it. It's making progress today and it will be a bigger driver for us in the future.
James Lee: All right. If I may ask a follow up question, Glenn, maybe help – give us an update on your view on China. I know you've been bullish for a long time. Now, given the fact that looks like global payments happening in China that allow you to work with Didi as a way to provide additional service to Chinese consumers domestically. And maybe help us understand what other steps that you're taking to improve your service. Is it more the customer segment type of strategy where you feel you have an edge in certain segment or consumer within China or is it more of the blanket strategy to go after big TAM in China specifically? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: And we've said this many times, how important China is in the long run. And, yes, there are some economic headwinds in China right now that have impacted travel in general there. And, certainly, we've talked a little bit earlier about some of the outbound impacts. We have a multi-leg approach and we do everything from building out our own brands there to partnerships with OTAs, like Ctrip or Trip.com as it's now known or Meituan or ground transportation like Didi or many other B2B players where there is places where we can get customers.  We have almost 1,000 employees in China. We are doing all different types of brand marketing and other ways to try and to get people to see our services and get people to come to us directly. Or as I just said, we also get customers through the B2B method too. I will emphasize, though, China is a very competitive marketplace. And we have to always be trying to create the best services with good prices to be successful there. But we're going to continue to develop and work there because we do know that, for the long run, we need to create something that will be – something that the customers in China will want to use. And I'm pleased with where we sit right now. And I hope we continue to grow in the future.
Glenn Fogel: So, thank you, everybody very much. I'd like to say that we're pleased with the quarter. We're excited about the future. And we look forward to talking to you again in the New Year. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-08 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Booking Holdings Second Quarter 2019 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical facts are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings’ actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of Booking Holding’s earnings press release as well as Booking Holdings’ most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings’ earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings website, www.bookingholdings.com. And now, I’d like to introduce Booking Holdings’ speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and David Goulden. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you, and welcome to Booking Holdings' second quarter conference call. I'm joined this afternoon by our CFO, David Goulden. We are pleased to report that we produced a solid quarter, with 213 million worldwide room nights booked, which is up 12% year-over-year and exceeded the high end of our guidance range. Our year-over-year non-GAAP revenue grew by 7% in U.S. dollars, but was up about 12% on a constant-currency basis. Adjusted EBITDA increased by 5% in U.S. dollars and about 10% when adjusted for FX, which was above the high end of our guidance range for the quarter. We are seeing encouraging signs in our business as we extended our global leadership position and accommodations and continued to execute against our long-term strategic vision of building a connected trip for our customers to become the global leader in travel and experiences. Today, we operate the largest online marketplace for accommodations, with the greatest global reach and scale. In the first half of the year, we produced over $50 billion in gross bookings and over 430 million booked room nights. We're investing against a large opportunity in the global accommodations market and are developing capabilities like payments, merchandising and loyalty, and expanding our focus in important customer and geographic segments. Our objective for payments is to provide all relevant payment options to customers and partners to power a frictionless global marketplace. This will benefit us by supporting key market growth, enable the connected trip, facilitate merchandising, and attract unique supply. To share, Booking.com's merchant transaction continues to steadily climb as customers can now pay Booking.com in over 45 countries, which represents about 80% of its focus markets. Enabled by the rollout of our payments platform, we have been pleased with the early results of our investments and merchandising capabilities. We view merchandising as an important part of our customer value proposition, which we believe will result in increased loyalty to our brand. Focusing on increased customer acquisition, frequency and loyalty, remains a significant growth opportunity for our core accommodations business. In these areas, we are continuing to focus on our mobile experience, expand the reach of our Genius program and offer incentives to bring customers to our site directly. We feel good about our progress here with both mobile and direct bookings going faster than our consolidated rate. These capabilities become more important as we continue to witness slowing pay channels. We are driving a deeper focus on specific accommodations segments that will strengthen the business and we believe will drive greater growth. Booking.com has built one of the largest alternative accommodations platforms, with approximately 6 million listings as of June 30. We are making good progress building greater supply choice in this segment, where we believe we have the best customer experience with all of our properties being instantly bookable with no consumer fees. We are also developing new capabilities to capture growth in other accommodation segments such as business travelers and destination-specific choices, such as ski and beach accommodations. We remain focused on select geographic opportunities such as the U.S., where we are continuing to promote our brand to drive awareness in this important market. We believe it is still too early to fully assess the current brand campaign, but we note that while we see solid direct new business or traffic growth, we would like to see faster progress in this region. In the longer term, we will meet our customer needs by building distinctive capabilities around the connected trip, removing friction along the entire travel journey. An early step was to integrate Rentalcars.com with Booking.com. Not only is Rentalcars.com operating a leading online rental car marketplace, but it is also building capabilities to book all forms of ground transportation. Today, we provide pre-booked car service in approximately 800 cities globally. Another step was to begin building out an attractions offering at Booking.com, which was accelerated with the acquisition of FareHarbor. FareHarbor is bringing more attractions online and now has over 100,000 bookable activities globally. Booking.com is utilizing this platform and to date, offers attraction in over 280 destinations. Booking is also providing the ability to have someone book experience even if they do not have an accommodation reservation. And while the number of destinations where someone can do this is small, as we're just starting out, we expect to grow the number of these markets over time. Attractions are an important part of the connected trip, and we're pleased with the very early data that shows, on average, customers have used our attractions product increase their frequency of combination bookings. Again, these are initial findings, but we like what we see to date. As a group, we have tremendous assets that we can utilize to help build the connected trip, and all of our brands will play a critical role in achieving this vision for the company. Priceline has extensive capabilities in the flight product and has recently developed a world-class packaging product that can be leveraged across our brand companies. Agoda brings extensive knowledge of the APAC region and years of data science and machine learning on merchandising. KAYAK's knowledge at operating a multiproduct global meta business helps us to better understand how to better serve our customers. OpenTable's leading online restaurant discovery and booking platform will be an important piece of our connected trip vision. As I commented earlier, we continue to focus on driving growth in accommodations through key initiatives in merchandising, payment, demand channels and inventory. That is job one. We also remain excited about the connected trip to drive loyalty and engagement across many dimensions of our business, which will help support and grow the accommodation business. As we move through our busy summer season, all of our employees are intensely focused on delivering an exceptional customer experience. I would like to thank our over 26,000 employees around the world for their hard work and dedication, especially during this peak travel season. And now I'd like to thank all of our supplier partners, who we are so proud to be associated with. And finally, we send a great thank you to our millions of customers throughout the world, who are out there experiencing the world. I will now turn the call over to our CFO, David Goulden, for the financial review.
David Goulden: Thank you, Glenn, and good afternoon. I'll review our operating results for the second quarter, and then discuss our guidance for the third quarter as well as our focus on the full year. All growth rates are relative to the prior year comparable period, unless otherwise indicated. Information regarding reconciliation to GAAP can be found in our earnings release. Now on to our results for the quarter. Our booked room night growth of 12% for the quarter exceeded the high end of our guidance range. The Q2 room night outperformance was driven by strong growth in June as we saw a greater-than-expected benefit from lapping the low growth rate in June of last year, which was the results of the 2018 World Cup and unfavorable weather in Europe. While the macro environment in Europe remains cautious, our room night growth in the region continued to exceed our expectations this quarter. Room night growth rates for the rest of the world were largely in line with our expectations and continue to grow faster than Europe in Q2. Average daily rates for accommodation, or ADRs, were down about 1.5% in Q2 on a constant-currency basis, which was better than our guidance that's down about 2%. Changes in foreign exchange rates reduced Q2 growth rates in U.S. dollars by approximately 5% versus last year. We estimate the change in FX rates impacted Q2 gross bookings, revenue and EBITDA growth by a similar amounts and EPS growth rate by about 1% point more. Q2 gross bookings grew by 5% expressed in U.S. dollars and grew by about 10% on a constant-currency basis, coming in above the high end of our guidance range. Consolidated non-GAAP revenue for the second quarter was $3.8 billion and grew 7% in U.S. dollars and by about 12% on a constant-currency basis. The shift in timing of the Easter holiday had a little less than a 3 percentage point positive impact on our Q2 revenue growth rate, a slightly greater impact than previously expected. Our Q2 non-GAAP revenue growth rate on a constant-currency basis and adjusted for Easter was about 9%. Advertising and other non-GAAP revenue, which is comprised mainly of KAYAK and OpenTable, grew by 9% in Q2. Adjusted EBITDA for Q2 was $1.4 billion, which exceeded the high end of our guidance range, and was up 5% year-on-year on a reported basis and up about 10% on a constant-currency basis. Our Q2 adjusted EBITDA growth rate on a constant-currency basis and adjusted for Easter timing was about 3%. We remain disciplined with our spending on performance marketing, which helped drive better than expected leverage of about 90 basis points in the quarter. Leverage in the quarter was driven by an increased mix in room nights from the direct channel, which continues to grow faster than our paid channels. While we keep working to grow our direct channel over time, we continue to see performance marketing channels as an effective way to acquire customers, and we'll spend rationally in these channels to optimize growth. As part of our effort to drive more direct traffic to our websites, we increased our spend on brand marketing in the quarter by 41% versus Q2 last year, which contributed about 110 basis points of deleverage. Sales and other expense grew 22% versus Q2 last year and contributed about 80 basis points of deleverage, primarily due to the growth of our payment platform of Booking.com. Sales in other grew slower than merchant gross bookings in the quarter due to lower growth in certain payment-related expenses. Finally, personnel expense came in slightly lower than our forecast and contributed a small amount of leverage in the quarter. Our non-GAAP EPS was $23.59, up 14% versus the prior year. Adjusted for currency and Easter timing, non-GAAP EPS grew 12% in the quarter. Non-GAAP net income reflects a non-GAAP tax rate of 19.4% in Q2, which is about in line with the prior year and our estimated guidance. Our 10% lower share count in Q2 benefited EPS growth in the quarter. On a GAAP basis, operating income grew -- increased by 2%, and GAAP operating margin decreased by 215 basis points compared to Q2 last year. GAAP operating income was also impacted by a $53 million favorable adjustment to revenue and a $66 million unfavorable adjustment to personnel expenses. Q2 GAAP net income amounted to $979 million or $22.44 per share, up 11% from Q2 2018. Our Q2 GAAP net income includes $17 million of pretax unrealized gains from our equity investments in Ctrip and Meituan, and $19 million of FX remeasurement losses on our eurobonds as well as the 2 adjustments impacting operating income. We exclude these unrealized gains, remeasurement losses and adjustments from our non-GAAP results. We had a GAAP tax rate of 18.9% for the quarter, which decreased slightly from the prior year. In Q2, we generated $1.8 billion of operating cash flow, which increased 8% compared to Q2 of last year. Our free cash flow for the quarter was $1.7 million, which increased by 10% compared to prior year. We repurchased $2.6 billion of our stock in Q2, which completed our previous $10 billion repurchase authorization in early May and reduced the amount outstanding under our new $15 billion repurchase authorization to about $14.2 billion at the end of the quarter. We expect to complete this authorization in the next 2 to 3 years assuming stable business and market conditions. We ended the quarter with $11.4 billion of cash and investments and $8.7 billion of outstanding debt. Turning to our guidance. I want to briefly walk through some of the facts, as we discussed on the last call that will impact our outlook for the full year, then I'll come back to our guidance for Q3. Starting with our growth investments in 2019. As we discussed over the last 2 quarters, we're investing for growth, customer acquisition, and loyalty. Our new brand campaigns -- our new brand marketing campaigns were launched earlier this year. And while we're encouraged by the continued growth and mixed shift towards our direct channel and by some of the early new visited direct traffic trends we're seeing from our brand campaigns, the short-term return on our brand spending is running below our expectations. As a result, we plan on refining our spending levels on brand marketing in the second half of the year. We remain committed to building our brand. Turning to our merchandising programs. We continue to see positive results and plan to continue these investments. We are pleased with these merchandising results, but they'll take time to scale. Finally, with regard to our customer acquisition incentive programs, we're seeing some positive results and we'll continue to spend on the programs with better ROIs. As we told you earlier in the year, as we look at these growth investments, we'll evaluate and scale the ones that are working, and we'll not hesitate to pull back on the ones that are not. So we're intelligently refining our investments as we move through the year and are confident that these investments will benefit us in the long term. Overall, we continue to expect these growth investments will collectively reduce our EBITDA growth rate by a few percentage points in 2019. We now expect the return on these investments to be similar in the second half versus the first half, but the spending will be less in the second half, which results in a smaller negative impact on EBITDA growth in the second half. This change in our expectations does not have a material impact on our room night growth for the year. Now turning to the mechanical facts that's impacting our outlook. Our guidance for Q3 and the full year is impacted by the French digital services tax, which we expect will reduce Q3 and full year EBITDA by about $25 million and $32 million, respectively. This will reduce our Q3 and full year EBITDA margins by about 50 basis points and 20 basis points, respectively. This expense will be recorded in our G&A line. Using current FX rates assumed in our guidance, gross bookings and revenue growth through to non-GAAP EPS growth will be reduced by approximately 3 percentage points for the full year, which is in line with our outlook last quarter. Finally, our outlook does not anticipate any change in the macro environment. With that context, it remains our expectation that non-GAAP EPS on a constant-currency basis will grow in the low double digits in 2019. We continue to expect to gain share in global accommodations this year. Let's now turn our attention to Q3, which is our largest quarter of the year. Foreign exchange rates are expected to negatively impact year-on-year growth rates or gross bookings and revenue by approximately 2 percentage points, and for EBITDA our non-GAAP EPS by approximately 3 percentage points. We use a dollar-to-euro exchange rate of $1.12 when setting our Q3 guidance. Based on where we are in the quarter, and looking at all other factors, we're forecasting booked room nights to grow by 6% to 8% in Q3. As a reminder, Q3 last year benefited from the unusually late summer bookings season, which resulted in a slightly higher compare in Q3 this year. We forecast total gross bookings to grow 1.5% to 3.5% in U.S. dollars, and to grow by 3% to 5% on a constant-currency basis. Our Q3 forecast assumes that constant-currency ADRs for the company will be down about 2.5%, which is a greater decline than we saw in Q2 due to lapping of the over 1% increase in ADR we experienced in Q3 of last year. We forecast Q3 revenue to be up 2% to 4% in U.S. dollars and grow by 4% to 6% on a constant currency basis. Q3 adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $2.4 billion and $2.45 billion, which represents 2% to 4% year-over-year growth in U.S. dollars or 4% to 6% growth on a constant currency basis. We are forecasting continued leverage from the performance marketing expense line in Q3, reflecting lower volumes in the paid channels and our continued focus on acquiring high-quality traffic. As we refine our brand marketing spend that begins to comp against a higher spending Q3 last year, we expect to see a small amount of leverage from brand marketing in the quarter. Finally, sales and other expense is expected to grow faster than revenue, primarily due to the ramp-up of our payment platform at Booking.com. We are forecasting Q3 non-GAAP EPS of approximately $43.60 to $44.60. Normalizing for currency, we expect Q3 non-GAAP EPS to grow approximately 18% to 21%. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast includes an estimated tax rate of approximately 19%, which is lower than Q3 of last year due to a provision of the tax act that was clarified in Q4 of last year. We continue to expect our full year non-GAAP tax rate to be 19% to 19.5% compared with 18.3% last year. Our Q3 non-GAAP EPS guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of about 42.8 million shares, which is 10% below Q3 last year. We forecast GAAP EPS between $42.60 and $43.60 for Q3. Our GAAP EPS guidance for Q3 assumes a tax rate of approximately 19%. We have hedge contracts in place to substantially shield our third quarter EBITDA and an income from any further fluctuation currencies versus the dollar between now and the end of the quarter, but the hedges do not protect our gross bookings revenue or operating profit from the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. With that, we'll now take your questions. Operator, can we open the line for questions, please? 
Operator: Yes. Your lines are now open for question. Your first question comes from the line of Kevin Kopelman from Cowen and Company.
Kevin Kopelman: Hi. Thanks so much. Can you give us an update on what you're seeing in the environment to start the third quarter, both in terms of room nights growth trends and also advertising ROIs? And help us walk -- help walk us through that comp as you have initially the easier comps on heatwave and then the tough comp later in the quarter. Thanks.
David Goulden: Okay. Kevin, let me take that. So I think there's a couple of important things to understand relative to the Q3 guidance. You talked about some of them. Obviously, if you go back to June, we still have the strong guide, strong result in Q2 against relative easy compare. As I mentioned, what happened last year, that delayed summer booking season pushed more bookings into Q3, making a harder compare coming up. I think there's an important ways to step back and kind of look at what's going on across Q1 and Q2 and our Q3 guide because there's been a few normalizing factors. Obviously, Easter had impacts to the positive on Q1 from a room night point of view, and obviously, just the negative in Q2, and then the World Cup and weather has the opposite impact. It helps us to the positive in Q3 and to the negative -- as we said, it's positive in Q2 and then negative in Q3. If you kind of normalize for all those factors, essentially, the normalized room night growth of Q1, Q2, and Q3 projected are all in a similar band. And that's the way to kind of think about what's going on. Obviously, as we move through Q3, the compare gets a little harder because as we said, last year, we saw the majority of the growth in September, but we try and stay away from the kind of enter within the quarter monthly compares and give you a flavor of how the quarter's going to look and just remind you that our approach to guidance hasn't changed.
Kevin Kopelman: Okay. Great. That's very helpful. And then if I can ask one other question. Can you just give us an outlook for the digital tax across Europe as you see kind of legislation in other countries, and how you're expecting that to play out?
Glenn Fogel: Sure, Kevin. So you saw that France passed the tax, and there are a number of other countries that are also lining up to potentially put a similar tax into effect. We are, of course, very disappointed to have seen this. We believe companies should pay their fair share of taxes, but we want those taxes to be done equitably and fairly applied to all companies. So what has been applied does not do that. It's very hard to guess what's going to happen. You may have seen some of the remarks that have come out of the U.S. administration that we're very against the French tax, that believe it is focused primarily against American companies, and there have even been some remarks by the American administration about tariffs against France as a counter. So who knows how this is going to play out? End of the story is we can't write the laws. We can only lobby and express that we do not believe this DST is the right way to go forward to ensure that people are paying their fair taxes.
Kevin Kopelman: Thanks, Glenn. Thanks, David.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mark Mahaney: I am sorry. I apologies for that. Its on mute. Two things. One, could you just talk about -- the brand advertising, it seems like you're not getting the kind of the results you'd like out of that. And when do you -- is there a time in which you kind of -- is it 2 years? Is it 1 year? You've been experimenting with brand advertising for well over a year. It's possible that the industry itself just doesn't lend itself well to brand advertising, that performance advertising really is the optimal marketing channel. When do you reach that point of go, no go, or maybe it's never that point? But just talk about what's the backstop in case display or brand advertising continues to underperform for you? And then, secondly, if I could ask, just talk about the synergies between accommodations and activities. Glenn, you mentioned it a little bit, but just briefly, are you seeing cases where you're getting customers that are coming in just for activities and you're able to cross-sell them on combinations? Or is it almost entirely go the other way? Just help us think about how much of an opportunity you could face in the next couple of years from the activities segment. Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: Sure, Mark. So in terms of the brand advertising, let's say it's a mixed situation right now, but I think we laid it out really when David talked about it. We always want things to do better, but we've always been very clear in saying that we are a company that believes in experiment, test, see results and adjust if things aren't what we want them to be. So we're going to continue to do that. Though, as David said, we are going to be refining going for the second half of the year, in terms of what the spend will be. I do believe that brand advertising has an important part in the overall way to bring customers to us. Particularly, it brings us direct. And we've talked about this in the past how important it is for us to continue to build our direct business. That is one of our key strategies going forward. And I think if you look at some other people in the travel space, you will see that some who have achieved certain positive results by doing brand advertising. And we talked in the past how we believe that as things become more and more digitally based, brand advertising has the potential for being much more effective in terms of understanding what the ROIs will be. So in terms of when do you say, "Oh, it's not working. Let's stop doing." I don't think that's ever going to happen. I think print advertising is always going to be important for anybody who's in the retail business. I do believe that we need to continue to work on this and improve upon it, and I'm looking forward to us doing that. In terms of your second question about the attractions business, we believe that attractions is a very important part of our connected trip. Nobody goes to a city to sit that he hotel. They want to do things. So we believe that providing something that is seamless, frictionless, easy to use and giving people all the information they need to do things, helps provide a better experience in terms of how they are going to get these attractions. We believe that, and we've seen it very slightly right now, and I said they are very early, but we're seeing benefit from people who have bought an attraction from us, achieved a very seamless, frictionless, easy-to-do thing, and for whatever reason, believe that this is the way we should book travel. And they are coming back more frequently. I don't know how big it will be yet, but I do know that we are pleased with the results so far, and we're going to continue to build on it. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're also slowly beginning to roll out the ability to buy attractions separate from having first bought an accommodation. I don't have any data to come back to you in terms of how much that's going to make people in the future come and sort of cross-sell these accommodation to them, but I do believe that by bringing people all the things they need when they travel, make it a one-stop place to shop, and giving them all the things they need, plus all the customer service that you can bring them in case something goes wrong and being able to fix everything at once, because when things go wrong, they cascade throughout the trip, I believe that provides a better result for the customers and one of the reasons that we will be able build greater loyalty.
Mark Mahaney: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Naved Khan from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Naved Khan: So I just wanted to dig a little bit into the -- into your commentary, Glenn, about brand spending not being as efficient as you had expected. Is that -- are you referencing the spend you have made in the last 1 or 2 quarters? Or is it the spending that you have been making over the last few quarters, and you realized that it's not where you though it would come out to be? And how do I reconcile that with the fact that your direct traffic is still growing faster?
Glenn Fogel: Well, I am speaking specifically about the new campaign that we launched at the end of February. And how I reconcile that, the fact that we're still doing well, I guess would be that I'd like us to be doing better. I don't know how else to say that except I'd like to see do better. And again, I'm not saying it's not doing okay. I'm just saying I'd like it to do better. There are certain parts when you look at our brand health metrics that are good, and you look at some that you would like them to be better. As we said, we're always going to test and learn, and this is just another way that we're going to do it. 
Naved Khan: Understood. And then a follow-up, if I may. On your outlook for the third quarter, what are you baking in, in terms of the macro environment and another Brexit deadlines sort of looming in October?
Glenn Fogel: Well, we take all factors when we're putting together our guidance, and we do it the same every quarter. We look at everything we can and put everything into the calculations, and this is what we come up with. I will say that we all recognize that there are some interesting things happening right now that may have some negative impacts on travel down the road. And everything from what you've recently seen, certain of those central banks have indicated that the macro environment may be weakening to certain other parts in terms of unrest between certain countries. U.S., China being a big one, and then, certain local things whether it be in Europe or others. So we've put everything together, and this is the number that we came up with.
Naved Khan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lloyd Walmsley from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Lloyd Walmsley: Thanks. Two questions, if I can. First, Glenn, you guys have, obviously, strong assets across hotel booking, flight meta search, car rental, restaurants. So when you think about the long-term vision, to what extent are you guys just trying to kind of make the best of the assets you have versus looking at where the product should get to with a clean sheet of paper and kind of building to that vision? And how do you kind of see these things all working together versus maybe building some new things? And what is it going to take in terms of like a tech stack rebuild or otherwise to get there? And then, I guess, just a second one, Glenn, any big changes we should expect at Booking.com as you kind of take the reins as the CEO operating that asset moving forward? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: Yes. So Lloyd, in all things tech, you always would love to start everything with a green field, a clean sheet -- clean piece of paper and do everything with all the newest technology, but nobody ever has a chance to do that. You've already built old things that you now have to retro, refactor, bring things together. The vision is clear that we want to provide our customers with a seamless holistic system that gives and does everything for travel and makes their lives easier and gives more value to them. In certain areas, that's going to be put together fairly easily, and you're seeing it happen already. For example, a simple one, I've talked about it in the past. OpenTable. Now if you use the dining points that you get from OpenTable, you can use those and get a hotel, simple example. We mentioned that Priceline has a great new package product, and we're going to be leveraging that across all of our brand companies. Not that hard to do. Other things are going to require a little more effort, and I can't give you any sort of dollar amounts for investments. I can't give you a time line, but I can say that we have the best possibility, I believe, of anyone to put this together. Scale matters in these things, and we can afford to put the investments and then create this, one. Two, one of the key things to make these systems successful in the end, it's not just the technology, it's all the data you get from all the different parts of the travel ecosystem and put it together, along with the money you've invested and all your machine learning, your AI specialist, who create the personalization that really gives greater value to the customers. So I believe in the end, we have -- I believe we have an advantage over almost anybody. And what was your second question?
Lloyd Walmsley: The second question was just, how should we expect things to change at Booking.com now that you're kind of taking the reins as the CEO of that asset in addition to Group CEO?
Glenn Fogel: Well, it kind of ties to that first question, actually. One of the benefits that I've had is being part of bringing all the different companies into the group. So I know what they do well. I know where our strengths are, and I know how they can work together. And one of the key things is understanding all the senior management and all the different companies and helping us all work together to create this greater system. So that's one of the biggest reasons. The second reason is I want to bring the execution rate faster. I want to make things happen quicker. I believe that urgency is important in this business, and I want to come and bring this new holistic system to our customers faster.
Lloyd Walmsley: All right. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Post from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Justin Post: Great. Thank you. Maybe one short term and one longer term. David, could you remind us your exposure to Brexit? I think that was one of the factors that maybe that were pushed out of 1Q bookings. Just exposure to the U.K. and how you see a no-deal Brexit? And then longer term, maybe, Glenn, this is for you. You beat bookings by $1 billion the quarter, better room nights. Are any of the longer-term initiatives -- I know you said branding maybe not as well, but merchandising is working, really making a difference at this point and give you encouragement on a longer-term basis? Thank you.
David Goulden: Okay. Sure. Justin, sure. So let me go to Brexit first. We've not disclosed how much the U.K. is. I think a couple of years ago, we went back in 2016 and said it was less than 10% of our business. And broadly, that's not too bad a data point to think about. What we see happening simply in these situations is around an event people might slow down, and they get nervous. But after the event, they kind of recover. So we saw that in the early part of the year that went. It looked like there was a Brexit going to happen in the early part of the year into the U.K. We saw a bit of a slowdown, then we saw a nice rebound in the market when it looked like that was being pushed off. So I think we do see some short-term sentiment changing around the actual event itself. Obviously, there's 2 factors today. There's what level of uncertainty is great. And then if there's any impact to the currency, does that devalue the pound? Does that make it more expensive for British travelers to go overseas? But generally, our experiences have been short term in nature and they rebound quickly. So it's hard to give a precise number. But as Glenn said, we kind of looked at all those things. Right now, of course, that's looking like a Q4 thing rather than a Q3 thing, but it's something that we're watching quite carefully.
Glenn Fogel: And in terms of what our investments to date and what we think that's done in terms of our result, for us, I think we have so much upside still ahead of us. We really haven't started to get the great benefits I believe we're going to get at what we're trying to create and all the things that we're spending money on. And I can give you some examples of things that I see down the road, and they all come together. And we've talked a little bit about attractions already. I believe that is a big win. Not a lot of people are using it yet. Yes, we have over 100,000 different things people can do. Yes, we have more cities, but that 200 and something locations, that's relatively small compared to the world, but even more so the awareness of it. So we're going to be pushing that out. The thing I mentioned about that ground transportation, I believe when you can provide a much more efficient, seamless way to get that ride from your home to the airport, to the hotel, and then to do things, I believe that's going to help increase things. When I look at things like we've talked about our investments in Grab and DiDi, we have not yet rolled out those apps that will enable the people to be able to get around very efficiently using the Booking.com or the Agoda apps. So there's so many things down the road that we have not yet begun to actually see the results in the top and bottom lines. And I am just very encouraged about the future. 
David Goulden: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking my questions. I have two. Glenn, just to go back to sort of the connected trip and sort of your comments about frequency. You mentioned it a little bit, in the previous question, but we've seen OpenTable partner with Caviar and GrubHub and UberEats. Just talk to us about how you think about potentially using food delivery a high-frequency purchase potentially helping the overall booking business grow faster in the U.S. Is that potentially a way to grow it even better than branded advertising? And the second one, a couple of quarters ago, you gave us an update on the size of the alternative accommodations business. We think it's growing pretty quickly. Any help at all on how fast that business is growing? Or how large that piece is becoming in the overall room nights? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: So let me just do the second part first because that's relatively easy. We haven't given any more disclosure about that. I should say they're still growing faster than our other -- our main hotel business. So that's about the only color I can give you to date on that. In regards to OpenTable, there are really 2 things to think about here. There's the thing I've always talked around the past. The reason we bought OpenTable, and we always joke about it and I say it all the time, that 100% of our customers, when they're traveling, don't eat at home. So this is a great service to provide to them. But the other thing which you mentioned, which is something a little different, and it actually is an important thing, and that is the awareness factor. And if you look at one of the companies that we've made an investment in, in China, Meituan, which really started out with the delivery business, and then moved into the travel business, and using high frequency of food delivery to develop a customer base that was then pushing out of travel, that is a way to help increase the awareness of your travel business. So that is a positive. Now whether better or worse than brand advertising, I don't have ROIs in front of me because we're just rolling it out right now, but I do see that as a way to help increase the awareness of our travel business. And again, also to merchandising opportunities that come to mind in terms of when you have more than one service, you can do all different types of value plays. It helps make people want to continue to come and use your service more often.
Brian Nowak: Thanks,
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Deepak Mathivanan from Barclays Capital. Your line is open.
Deepak Mathivanan: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. So first one, I wanted to ask about the customer acquisition programs like loyalty and referrals? David, you've noted that they are performing better. Are the ROIs on these programs currently comparable with some of the other performance standards? Or when do you think we can reach that? And then how big are these programs currently in terms of driving transactions? And then the second piece of it, also for David, the 12% room night that you reported was very strong, right about your forecast. Clearly, 3Q, as you pointed, is kind of like a unique quarter. Trends were being strong later last year. So should we think of the 3Q guide in the context of extra conservatism for the uncertainty in the back end that you haven't seen this year? Thank you.
David Goulden: Okay. Let me take two those questions, Deepak. So now I commented on the customer acquisition programs. So if you remember, they were one of the 3 areas that we were investing. We talked about the -- a few points of EBITDA growth investments would cost us this year. And there was one of the 3 areas, with obviously, merchandising and brand being the other 2. As I mentioned, we see positive results on some of those programs, not all of them, but we're always moving our spend towards the ones that have the higher ROIs. We're not in a position to make a comparison here between the different brands, but positive ROI compared to our expectations. And then also, for obvious reasons, we're not going to sit here and tell you exactly which ones are working or not either, and you wouldn't want us to either think either as members of our environments. But we're pleased about the ones that -- we rolled out a number of them. We've obviously pulled some back. We've focused upon some. The ones that we are now focused upon are doubling down on we think our ROIs and our driving growth. As I mentioned, the early stages, in totality, these investment programs, they're not making a huge difference to our room night growth this year. I talked about the fact we now expect the returns are going to be more similar across the first half and the second half. So now that's the color I can give you on the customer acquisition programs. Back to Q3 room night guide, I'm not going to repeat what I said on the first -- on the answer to the first question. I've covered a number of points on that, but I think that what you should assume is that our approach to guidance hasn't changed. We cannot look at everything in front of us, and I think we are consistent in terms of how will we call our guidance and what our expectation is vis-à-vis guidance. I'd say, obviously, these year-on-year compares when you are looking at comparing unusual events make our process just a little bit harder. And obviously, we were pleased to the positive in June, and we know we have a strong compare coming up against us in September. But as we said, we cannot factor all into account, plus the macro things that Glenn talked about, and give us -- and give you our best view of guidance taking those things into account and try to be consistent in terms of how we do that vis-à-vis our expectations.
Deepak Mathivanan: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Dae Lee: Hi. This is Dae Lee on for Doug. Just a question on reducing friction. You talked about it a lot. And you talked about the ways you could do that across kind of a trip. But looking more specifically on the accommodations side, are there consumer pain points that you think you could help improve going forward? I assume payments help there, but are there other areas where you see opportunity? And then, turning to accommodation. In the past, you talked about wanting to onboard more single unit supply. Could you give us an update on how you're doing there? 
Glenn Fogel: So in terms of reducing that friction, and you mentioned payments there is a very important area, people want to pay in different ways, but not every accommodation has the ability or even once have the ability to accept payment that way. As you know, Booking.com grew up on an agency platform where the customer paid at the desk, at the hotel, at the end of the stay. That doesn't work so well. If somebody wants to use M-Pesa or Paytm, and I can go through an incredibly large number of different payment methods. We removed that friction. Somebody can come to us and use the payment method they want, and we're then able to pay to accommodation an easy way. So right away, that's removing a part of the friction that goes much beyond that. And so, for example, in the attractions, when somebody has already booked a hotel with us in Booking.com and then goes to get an attraction, I've used the service, and I'm looking at something to do, I just one click, my payment method is already in the Booking.com system. I don't have to do anything else. So when I'm going, I'm just showing a QR code at the place of attraction, and I'm through the line. Much easier. Really removes that issue. And even more so, you can do all friction merchandising we talked about, suppliers that want more demand can offer up to us lower prices that we can then push out to our customers and bring more demand to those suppliers. Lots of ways to play with that. So I think there are all different ways, and I think that's one of things down the road that again will give people a reason to be using our service throughout their travel trip. Regarding single properties, we haven't given any more data about that. But it's doing well. Look, we know how important it is. We know it's critical, to continue to have an incredible breadth of different types of alternative accommodations, and I'm pleased with what's being done around the world on that, but I don't have a specific number to give you on that.
Dae Lee: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan from UBS. Your line is open.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe building on some of the questions from earlier in the call. Glenn, if you look out past 2019 and probably more qualitatively than quantitatively, when you look at the different buckets of investments you're trying to make and you're thinking about some of the yield and the momentum around those investments, what's sort of the medium to longer-term thinking about the investments where, while it might be early to think multiyear, you'd rather lean in and you're seeing better than expected returns. And investors should think of those as areas that are going to continue to be a neutral-to-rising area of focus for incremental investments, and how you think about balancing sort of margins versus the revenue yield that comes from those investments on a multiyear view? Thanks so much.
Glenn Fogel: Yes. We always try and maintain a good balance. In any investment we make, we're always looking at what's the return? How fast? And is it something that we should spend more or less on and continue to modify as we go throughout? As you get further out trying to make what you think you're going to end up spending in terms of things, it's very hard to know now, but I do want to give confidence to our investors that our historical record of always being careful with our funds and using it appropriately is something that should give them comfort. That being said, we know that there is a bit of a race for this connected trip. We know that our competitors are trying to build something very similar. We know that people who are very large suppliers talk about being able to bring other services with them, too, and you look at people who may not be considered to be classic competitors of ours, but are very, very big in the travel space, are also talking about putting these things together. Given that, if we see the opportunity to increase spend, if we're getting the return that we like, we may accelerate, but these are things we'll see down the road.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks so much Glenn.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heath Terry from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Heath Terry: Great. Thanks. Just looking at the guidance for Q3, there's about a 300 basis point delta between your guidance for gross bookings and your guidance for room night growth. And we've seen that sort of widening over the last few quarters. Just curious if you can give us a sense of sort of what's behind that? Is it a question of mix? Is it a question of access to specific types of inventory within hotels? Any sort of insight that you could share with us on what's driving that?
David Goulden: Sure. So this is David. Let me give you the answer to that. So the main driver in that difference in Q3 is ADRs, which, as I mentioned -- which we're down 150 basis points in Q2 and we're forecasting to be down 250 basis points in Q3. The underlying trends are actually quite similar, but in Q3, you've got this additional compare of a year ago when we actually had a rather unusual increase in ADRs. They're up over 1% year-on-year. So then the real question is kind of what's driving those ADRs in Q2 that are kind of more consistently running into Q3 and excluding that kind of lapping effects. And there's basically three factors that are driving those ADRs. One, is some local rate and pricing pressure, some geo mix factors, where some of the lower ADR countries are growing faster than some of the higher ADR countries around the world. And then, we're also seeing some kind of rate pressure, particularly for people coming into the U.S., where the dollar has been strengthening against the euro in some important destinations like New York and Miami, where European travelers are still going on sort of vacations to those locations, but they may be trading down in the size of the hotel or the star ratings of the hotel that they're moving into because, obviously, the euro has been growing less far in the U.S. So those are the facts that are kind of really driving the 1.5% we saw in Q2. Then you've got this additional lapping factor in Q3 that gives you the difference, which we talked about.
Heath Terry: And sorry, I mean if we look at the industry data, ADRs have generally been increasing. And so is this something that you feel like is unique to bookings customer base and just the mix of customers that you have given your heavy European exposure? Or is there something else that's sort of different between the third-party industry numbers that we all see and what you're seeing in your business?
David Goulden: Yes. I think it's -- we certainly have some geo mix factors that we have -- obviously, a large percentage of our booking base coming into -- or coming from Europe because we are very global, but we still have a big European presence. And obviously, as the euro has weakened, that has affected some of these factors that we talked about, particularly for people traveling from Europe into U.S. or into other parts of the world like Asia, where currency is kind of pegged more to the U.S. or have done stronger by themselves. So that's what we see happening. I think that the rate that we saw in Q2 is kind of more indicative of the underlying trend that we're seeing. And obviously, to the extent that some of those currency changes start to move the other way, we could see things pick up. But that's what we're seeing.
Heath Terry: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jed Kelly from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Jed Kelly: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Just on the earlier comments on one grow faster in the U.S. region, is that more of a supply issue or trying to penetrate more relationships with property managers? Just how do you view the strategy? And then, on digital advertising, I realize it's harder to extract rental growth in Google, but how do you view your social strategy, particularly with Instagram giving some of the location advertising it's offering? And how do you view your social strategy?
Glenn Fogel: All right. So in terms of the U.S., and I wanted -- look, we want to -- the U.S. is a great opportunity for us because we're underindexed. And that's something that we recognize, a need to do better and to try and get more than our fair share is what we always want. And that's many things we want to do. It's not just a supply in the alternative accommodation, that's one small part of the business. It's all areas. It's the merchandising we talk about. It's being able to provide a payment product in the U.S. for U.S. customers that is effective and efficient. There are many different areas, so I see that as all upside for us, and it's something that excites me. The second thing about the social is interesting because in many parts -- well, in some parts of the world, our usual way of getting demand is not effective. There is no Google in China, for example. So you need to have another strategy, and that many things are social. And we do see more and more people using social as a way to make decisions for travel. And we meet with all the key players in different parts of social, whether the people at Instagram, Facebook, Snap, even Twitter, always looking. What is the best way to try and bring customers to our site? What's the most efficient way with a good ROI? And we're working all the time with them. I will be open and say that is not -- the ROIs are not as effective, and it's not as easy to scale yet as some of our other long-term use channels like Google, for example. That being said, we are going to continue work on it. We're going to continue to work with all these different companies because we do believe that this will be an important leg down the road to bring in demand.
Jed Kelly: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Lee from Mizuho Securities. Your line is open.
James Lee: Thanks for taking my questions. On the room night growth outperformance in 2Q, can you guys be maybe a little bit more specific as to which regions that you guys are seeing strength and why? And also, Glenn, you can comment about this, China outbound travel, what kind of trends are you seeing, especially given the tension between U.S. and China at this point? Thanks.
David Goulden: James, this is David. Let me take the first one. I think we're relatively clear where we saw the outperformance versus our expectations in Q2. It was very much in Europe, where we saw most of the impacts from the unusual combination of the unfavorable weather patterns in the World Cup happening in Europe last year. I say that we didn't see all those impacts just in Europe because some -- certain other countries who did well and are very football-centric also had a strong June as well. But the major impact was, again, doesn't compare. The major impact was -- Europe was, in June. And as I mentioned, what's happened now is that we've had lower expectations, lower expectations in both Q1 and Q2 for Europe, but Europe is outperforming in both quarters vis-à-vis our expectations. But we do recognize that the macro environment in Europe remains cautious. And we all read the same headlines and economic outlooks, et cetera, coming out of Europe and out of the region. But we'd be pleased with our results in Europe at both Q1 and Q2 vis-à-vis our expectation. I think we were relatively clear as to where that was happening. So hopefully that answers the first part, and I'll ask -- hand over to Glenn to talk about China outbound.
Glenn Fogel: Yes. China outbound, interesting situation. I assume you're aware that 2018, for example, was the first time that China to U.S. was an actual decline, not an increase in terms of total number of Chinese travelers coming to the U.S. Our business definitely is impacted by these type of events, such as U.S.-China trade disputes, and then you see things happening on TV in Hong Kong. You read about things happening in terms of people going from China to Taiwan, from mainland to Taiwan, and there are certain restrictions being put in place there. So all sorts of different things that are impacting the outbound business. Our point, though, is China is a great opportunity for the long run. There's, in the long run, going to be a lot more Chinese travelers outbound, so it's important that one doesn't just pull back because of any sort of short-term blip. We have approximately 1,000 people in China working to make sure we're providing great service to the Chinese travelers. And we'll continue to do what is appropriate to build our Chinese business because we do believe that this will be a long-term benefit to our company.
James Lee:
James Lee:
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Dan Wasiolek from Morningstar. Your line is open.
Dan Wasiolek: Thanks for taking the question. Just going back to the connected trip. I can appreciate not giving any specific date, but building this out, is this a few years? Several years? Somewhere in between? And then I think you mentioned earlier in the call that there might be a period where you might choose to maybe accelerate spend or performance spend. So is it reasonable that there might be a period where that happens? Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: Well, I think I'll just cover the second part where the way you said it is correct. We may, and it will depend entirely on what we're seeing in terms of performance ROIs and how fast things are being developed. In terms of your first question, I'm not sure if you'll appreciate the answer, but it is the truth, and that this is a little bit like bridge painting. You're never done. You're never done. You're always going to come with new things to do things better. And that's actually the nature of all type of technological services. And you look at anything that has been created, it's never completely done. You're always trying to improve, and that's what the connected trip will always be. That being said, I do believe in the not-so-distant future, we'll start seeing some real benefit from what we're doing. And that will be something that we'll be able to bring to you with some more concrete data.
Dan Wasiolek: Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: Okay. I want to thank everyone. Once again, I'm going to tell you how pleased we are about our solid Q2 results. And we remain excited about our future as we execute our long-term growth plans. So thank you very much for joining. And with that, I'm going to turn it back to the operator.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-09 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Booking Holdings First Quarter 2019 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical facts are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings’ actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of Booking Holding’s earnings press release as well as Booking Holdings’ most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings’ earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings website, www.bookingholdings.com. And now, I’d like to introduce Booking Holdings’ speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and David Goulden. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you, and welcome to a Booking Holdings’ first quarter conference call. I’m joined this afternoon by our CFO, David Goulden. We produced a solid quarter with 217 million worldwide room nights booked, which is up 10% year-over-year and exceeded the high end of our guidance range. As we discussed on our last call, the timing of Easter and foreign exchange rate movements meaningfully impacted our U.S. dollar financial results this quarter. Our year-over-year non-GAAP revenue growth was down slightly in U.S. dollars but up 6% on a constant currency basis and up about 8% when further adjusting for Easter. Adjusted EBITDA declined year-over-year by 10%, but increased about 6% when adjusting for FX and Easter, which was above the high end of our guidance range for the quarter. We are pleased with our results for the quarter, and we continue to see encouraging metrics in our business. Our direct channel is growing faster than our paid channels. Our mobile share is increasing, and our alternative accommodation business is growing faster than our overall business. As we continue to execute against a very large market opportunity, we will look to drive shareholder returns through the combination of organic growth investment, share repurchases, and opportunistic M&A. As we discussed on our last earnings call, we are investing to support the growth in our core accommodation business, primarily through brand marketing, merchandising, and customer acquisition programs. These investments are aimed at driving long-term top-line growth and share gains. We are on target with the launch of our new brand campaigns. And while it's early, we have confidence that they will increase our brand awareness over time. We're also pleased with the early results of some of our merchandising and customer acquisition programs and look to expand these as we move into our busy travel season. Our branding goals include driving greater awareness of our alternative accommodation to listings, as we continue to expand and improve our offering here. We were pleased to announce during the quarter that Booking.com passed the milestone of three quarters of 1 billion guest stays in its alternative accommodations since 2007. And as of March 31, Booking.com had approximately 5.8 million reported listings in alternative accommodations, which grew approximately 13% year-over-year. More importantly, our individually owned properties represent the fastest category of supply and booked room night growth. This is a key area of our focus for us as we look to provide the broadest possible selection of unique places to stay, which helps drive conversion benefits across our platform. We will continue to utilize M&A and strategic investments to accelerate key growth opportunities. For example, FareHarbor has enabled us to accelerate our growth in the attractions market and has given us key capabilities to build a truly connected trip, where we envision a frictionless customer experience that we believe will enhance loyalty in our accommodations offering. Our strategic investments in China and broader Asia, accompanied with local marketing partnerships, will continue to help us expand in these key underpenetrated markets, where we believe we can have long-term growth. Finally, in terms of share repurchases, we completed the remaining portion of our $10 billion share repurchase program, buying approximately $4.5 billion to date in 2019. Consistent with our historical approach to share repurchases, we took advantage of the opportunity to invest in our owned stock during the quarter. This year alone, we have purchased 5% of our fully diluted shares. Additionally, our Board of Directors approved a new $15 billion repurchase authorization that we will look to execute over the next two to three years, assuming stable business and market conditions. David will provide some more color in his prepared remarks. But this new authorization reflects our strong financial position, our high cash flow generation, and demonstrate our confidence in the future of the business. In conclusion, we had a solid quarter as our team remains in full execution mode. We'll continue to drive long-term shareholder returns through a combination of organic investment, share repurchases and opportunistic M&A. As you can see, we are actively pulling on all three of these levers. We remain absolutely focused on the large global opportunity that lies ahead of us, and we’ll manage our business with a long-term view to capture it. I'll now turn the call over to our CFO, David Goulden for the financial review. 
David Goulden: Thank you, Glenn, and good afternoon. I'll discuss our operating results for the first quarter, provide an update on our capital structure, and then discuss our guidance for the second quarter as well as our thoughts on the full-year. All growth rates are relative to the prior year comparable period, unless otherwise indicated. Information regarding reconciliation to GAAP can be found in our earnings release. Now on to our results for the quarter. Our booked room night growth of 10% for the quarter exceeded the high end of our guidance range. We were pleased with our performance, considering the slow start in Europe and the growth challenges in our primary performance marketing channels. Despite a sluggish environment in Europe, room night growth rates in the region exceeded our expectations. Our room night growth rates for the rest of the world were slightly ahead of our expectations and grew faster than Europe. Average daily rates for accommodations or ADRs were down about 2% in Q1 on a constant currency basis, which was more than our guidance of down about 1%. Changes in foreign exchange rates reduced Q1 growth rates in U.S. dollars by approximately 6 percentage points versus last year. We estimate the changes in FX rates impacted Q1 gross bookings, revenue and EBITDA growth rates by similar amounts, and EPS growth rate by about 1 percentage point more. Q1 gross bookings grew by 2% expressed in U.S. dollars and grew by 8% on a constant currency basis, coming in above the high end of our guidance range. Consolidated non-GAAP revenue for the first quarter was $2.9 billion and declined by 0.4% in U.S. dollars and grew by about 6% on a constant currency basis. As expected, the shift in timing of Easter holiday had an approximately 2-percentage-point negative impact on our growth rates -- on our Q1 revenue growth rates. As a reminder, last year, Easter was on April 1st, and therefore, the majority of Easter-related travel revenue was recorded in the first quarter. This year, with Easter on April 21st, Easter travel revenue will be recorded in Q2. Our Q1 non-GAAP revenue growth rate on a constant currency basis and adjusted for Easter timing was about 8%. Advertising and other non-GAAP revenue, which is mainly comprised of non-intercompany revenues for KAYAK and OpenTable, grew by 9% in Q1. Adjusted EBITDA for Q1 was $718 million, which exceeded the high end of our guidance range and was down 10% year-over-year on a reported basis and up about 6% on a constant currency and Easter adjusted basis. Our Q1 adjusted EBITDA margin of 27% after adjusting for Easter was also ahead of our forecast. We remained disciplined with our spending on performance marketing, which helped drive better than expected leverage of 250 basis points in the quarter. While we have seen slowing growth across our performance marketing channels, we continue to see these channels as an effective way to acquire customers, and we will continue to spend rationally to optimize growth. As part of our 2019 growth investments as well as our continued efforts to drive more direct traffic to our websites, we increase our spend on brand marketing in the quarter by 61% versus Q1 last year, contributing to about 250 basis points of deleverage. Sales and other expense line grew with merchant [ph] gross bookings growth and contributed 172 basis points of deleverage, primarily due to the growth of our payment platform on Booking.com. Finally, personnel expense came in lower than our forecast and contributed a small amount of deleverage in the quarter. Our non-GAAP EPS was $11.17, down 7% versus the prior year, adjusting for currency and Easter timing, non-GAAP EPS grew 11% in the quarter. Non-GAAP net income reflected a non-GAAP tax rate of 18.9%, which decreased slightly from the prior year and was higher than our estimate for guidance due to discrete items. Our 8% lower share count in Q1 benefited EPS growth in the quarter. On a GAAP basis, operating income declined by 24% and GAAP operating margin decreased by 532 basis points, compared to Q1 of last year. Q1 GAAP net income amounted to $756 million (sic) [$765 million] or $16.85 per share, up significantly from Q1 2018. Our Q1 GAAP net income included $451 million of pre-tax unrealized gains on equity investments in Ctrip and Meituan. We excluded these unrealized gains from our non-GAAP results. We had a GAAP tax rate of 21% in the quarter, which increased from the prior year, primarily due to discrete tax provisions related to the Ctrip and Meituan gains. Our operating cash flow and free cash flow in the quarter were negatively impacted by a payment for $403 million to the French tax authorities in order to preserve our right to contest an assessment in court, as well as an increase of $48 million of income tax prepayments in the Netherlands. We entered 2019 with approximately $4.5 billion remaining on -- from our $10 billion share repurchase program, which we announced in May of 2018. In the first quarter, we repurchased another $2.7 billion of our stock under the program. And since the end of Q1, we completed remaining $1.8 billion share purchase reauthorization, reflecting both the buying opportunity and our confidence in the business. We ended a quarter with $12.8 billion in cash and investments and $8.7 billion of outstanding debt. With this authorization complete, we wanted to update you on how we're thinking about our capital structure and next steps for capital allocation. We believe that our strong balance sheet is a strategic asset as we look to capitalize on the growth opportunities ahead in our core online travel businesses, and also as we execute our strategy to deliver the full connected trip. Our top priorities are investing in the growth of our business, both organically and inorganically, and having a financial resource to enhance our competitive position, even in the events of a macro downturn. In April, our Board authorized a new $15 billion share repurchase authorization which we expect complete in the next 2 to 3 years, assuming stable business and market conditions. We intend to fund this authorization as well as M&A via cash on hand, cash flow from operations and additional borrowing capacity consistent with maintaining strong investment grade credit ratings. On a related note, as we have deployed more of our cash, we have decided to move $3.6 billion of cash we were holding in euros into our U.S. cash pool. This means, starting in Q2, our 3.75 billion of euro your debt will no longer be fully hedged from currency fluctuations for GAAP purposes. And going forward, you'll these non-cash gains or losses in our foreign currency transactions and other line in our GAAP income statements. The euro-denominated liabilities remain economically hedged by our ongoing capacity generation from euro-denominated operations. And at maturity, we intend to refinance the debt in euros or repay it with euro-denominated cash flow. As such, we intend to exclude these non-cash gains or losses from our non-GAAP financial presentation. Turning to guidance. I want to briefly walk you through some of the factors we discussed on our last call that will impact the outlook for the year, and then I’ll come back to our guidance for Q2. Starting with our growth investments in 2019. As we discussed in detail last quarter, we’re investing for growth, customer acquisition and loyalty. While it’s early days, we’re on target with the launch of our brand campaigns; we’re also encouraged with initial results from some of our merchandising and customer acquisition programs. We continue to expect these growth investments will reduce our EBITDA growth rate by a few percentage points in 2019, and there’ll be a greater negative impact on EBITDA growth during the first half. Moving to payments of Booking.com. Last quarter, we noted that we do not expect any additional reduction in EBITDA and growth from payments this year. We now expect the payments will have a modestly negative impact on EBITDA growth for this year due to change in the timing of revenue recognition on a component of merchant revenue. However, we do not expect any additional negative impact on EBITDA growth from payments for 2020. As a reminder, we believe payments provides important advantages in many areas, including merchandising flexibility, a better customer and partner experience, reduced customer service expenses and the ability to coordinate and merge integrated trips. Now, let’s look at the factors impacting our outlook. Using current FX rates assumed in our guidance, gross bookings growth and revenue growth through to non-GAAP EPS growth will be reduced by approximately 3 percentage points for the full year, which is greater impact than anticipated on our previous guidance due to the reduction in the euro-dollar exchange rate since we last announced. Additionally, the shift of timing of Easter will impact Q1 and Q2 revenue growth rates. Finally, our outlook does not anticipate any change in the macro environment, which as I previously mentioned, remains sluggish in Europe. With that context, it remains our expectation that non-GAAP EPS on a constant currency basis will grow in the low-double-digits in 2019. We continue to expect to gain share in accommodations in each major geographic region, and we’re confident that the strength of our business reinforced by the growth investments we’re making this year, will enable us to achieve this. Let’s now turn our attention to Q2. Foreign exchange rates are expected to be approximately 5-percentage-point headwind year-over-year growth rate in Q2, which we estimate will impact gross bookings, revenue, EBITDA and non-GAAP EPS growth rates by similar amounts. We use a dollar to euro exchange rate of $1.12 when studying our Q2 guidance. The shift of timing of Easter discussed earlier on the call, will positive impact revenue growth in Q2. We estimate this timing shift will increase Q2 2019 revenue growth rates by approximately 2 percentage points. Based on where we are in the quarter and looking at all other factors, and consistent with our usual approach to guidance, we’re forecasting booked room nights to grow by 6% to 8% and gross bookings to be approximately flat in U.S. dollars and grow by 4% to 6% on a constant currency basis. Our Q2 forecast assumes a constant currency ADR for the company will be down about 2%. We forecast Q2 revenue to be up 5% to 7% in U.S. dollars and grow by 10% to 12% on a constant currency basis. Normalizing for both Easter and constant currency, we estimate Q2 revenue to grow by 8% to 10%. Q2 adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $1.295 billion to $1.325 billion, which represents approximately flat year-over-year growth. Normalizing for both Easter and constant currency, we estimate Q2 EBITDA growth also to be approximately flat. We are forecasting modest leverage from the performance marketing expense line in Q2, reflecting lower volumes in the paid channels and our continued focus on acquiring high-quality traffic. We expect to continue to meaningfully grow our brand marketing spend in the quarter, which will contribute to deleverage to the P&L and more than offset leverage we're expecting from performance marketing. Of course, the benefit from brand marketing will be realized over multiple quarters. Finally, sales and other expense growth is expected to remain elevated and continue to grow faster than revenue, primarily due to ramp-up of our payment platform at Booking.com. We are forecasting Q2 non-GAAP EPS of approximately $22.15 to $26.60. Normalizing for both Easter and constant currency, we estimate Q2 non-GAAP EPS to grow approximately 7% to 9%. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast includes an estimated income tax rate of approximately 19%, which is in line with Q2 last year. We continue to expect our full-year non-GAAP tax rate to be 19% to 19.5%. Our Q2 non-GAAP EPS guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of about 43.6 million shares, which is 10% below Q2 last year. We forecast GAAP EPS between $21.10 and $21.55 for Q2. Our GAAP EPS guidance for Q2 assumes a tax rate of approximately 19%.  We have hedge contracts in place to substantially shield our second quarter EBITDA and net income from any further fluctuation in currencies versus the dollar between now and the end of the quarter, but the hedges do not protect our gross bookings, revenue or operating profit from the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. Our forecast does not assume any significant change in macroeconomic conditions in general or in the travel market in particular. We'll now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Lloyd Walmsley from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Lloyd Walmsley: Thanks, I have two questions if I can. First, just on the performance spend, it looks like it declined again on a year-over-year basis. Can you talk about how much of that was a function of changing ROI targets versus just not seeing the traffic from some of the paid channels or maybe how much was counter revenue from the new acquisition programs? And then, second one, as you look to 2Q, are things fairly stable, anything strange to call out on a bookings and room nights outlook? Wondering if Easter is a bit of a headwind to bookings in 2Q? And then, does your guidance assume deceleration for the remainder of the quarter or any anything you can share that would be helpful?
David Goulden: Okay, Lloyd, let me take it in reverse order, so we can remember your first question last. So, relative to Q2 guidance and what we are expecting from a room night point of view. We are -- our April room night growth was actually in line with the high end of our guidance range, to answer your question on deceleration. But that was impacted by a little bit of negative impact from the timing of Easter holiday, so, in line with the high end but with some pressure from the timing of these with that shift. In terms of what have we factored in to our Q2 guidance, our approach hasn't changed. We've obviously looked at the macro; there is some uncertainty out there; Europe continues to be a little sluggish. But, we've taken all those factors into account, and consistent with our private practice that really supports the way we came out with guidance. And then, on your first question on the performance marketing spend, we’re pleased with our share in those channels. Our ROIs were fairly consistent with what we expected them to be. And that kind of drives the leverage that we're seeing in the performance marketing channel.
Lloyd Walmsley: And anything just to add in terms of how much -- how material the counter [ph] revenue is from new acquisition programs and merchandising? Maybe you can help us think there.
David Goulden: Obviously, as we go through the year, that's going to increase. Q1, nothing specifically material to talk about. We talked about the fact that those investments will ramp during the year. So, Q1 will be the smallest impact as we go through the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, guys. This is Ben on for Mark. Thanks for taking my questions. Firstly, just on the alternative accommodations. Last quarter, you talked about specifically building out inventory and non-urban and single home vacations destinations in the U.S. Any, like kind of update on the progress there, or any relative performance of U.S. versus Europe performance in the market? And just secondly, are there any kind of preliminary results you can report from the brand marketing campaign, any significant upticks in direct traffic to call out? Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: So, we did call out previously about how important we think it is to have the breadth of all types of alternative accommodations. And we marked that in our portfolio, we felt an area we need to grow more was the single property owners. And I'm pleased to say, we continue to make progress there, we continue to grow that very fast, but it’s still a smaller portion of the overall portfolio of alternative accommodations. So, there's room to grow there. In regard to brand, we are pleased with the early, early part of our rolling out the campaigns. And I think in any type of new campaign you need to have some time before you declare victory or not. So, we will say just that it's early, and so far, so good.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks, Glenn. And any comments on kind of how your AA performance has been in Europe versus the U.S. overall, like in general?
Glenn Fogel: I don't think we break that out like that. But we've always said how Europe is a bigger portion of our overall business than any other part of the world. And we have pointed out in the past in terms of awareness, that if you went to somebody on the street and said, where can I get a home in the U.S., they probably would not go to Booking.com, but if you're walking in the capital city in Europe, a much higher likelihood that they would say Booking.com.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Douglas Anmuth from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Douglas Anmuth: I have two. First one for David. If your April was 8% in terms of room nights booked, I was hoping you could give a little bit more color in terms of the guide, 6% to 8%. Is there something that you're expecting over the next couple months or is this just kind of your natural expectation for decel that you've kind of had in previous quarters? And then, Glenn, I couldn’t help but notice that you mentioned opportunistic M&A, I think three times in your script. I'm curious what kinds of things you guys are kind of considering and looking at, any kind of color that would be helpful? Thanks.
David Goulden: Sure. Let me go first on the guidance goal, on the guidance comments. Not to repeat what I said, maybe to put a bit more flavor on it. April was in line with the high end of our guidance range. I mentioned we had a little bit of pressure in April from the timing of Easter. When we look at our guidance for the quarter, we haven't changed our guidance approach. We are looking at a number of things that are happening out in the marketplace, and the macro, there's always some uncertainty out there, but not really kind of lays into our guidance, but again our approach to guidance hasn't changed. So, don’t read anything more into than that.
Glenn Fogel: And in terms of opportunistic M&A, as you know, we wouldn't talk about any specific targets or anything of that nature. But, we’ve built this company over time by bringing in great teams, great products. And that's what we're going to continue to do. I think the best way to look at this is over the past couple of years of where we've been spending our money, bringing in things that we didn't really have. And I'll just point to our most recent acquisition, which we just closed a couple of days ago, Venga, small acquisition, but it brings in a CRM platform for our OpenTable operation with restaurants. It makes the idea of how we can provide a personalized experience for a consumer, a diner. It makes it much more powerful in terms of the overall restaurant operating system. Now, that is part of our overall strategy of the connected trip. And we talked about this in the past about providing a service, a value to a traveler, there's much more than just going on to a site and booking a hotel. That's what we're trying to do is create all these different things together in a way that provide significantly more value than any single service could do on its own.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Kopelman from Cowen & Company. Your line is open.
Kevin Kopelman: Thanks a lot. First, just kind of a follow-up on your last comment there. Can you give us more detail on your rollout of the attractions product? It’s an area where you had kind of a pilot in place for a long time, but we haven't seen that broader product. So, what can we expect in attractions?
Glenn Fogel: Sure, Glenn speaking here. So, as you know, we've been building out the attraction business now for a while. We went out and we bought a company called FareHarbor, which provides a backend solution to enable smaller and medium sized attraction suppliers to go digital and get on board. And we talked in the past about more than 100 cities where you can now get attractions. And the whole idea is to create this frictionless, seamless way for a consumer who is using, say, the Booking.com app, to be able to see all the different things you can do in a city because you don't go to a city just to sit in the hotel room or in the home; you do it to do things. And providing this very easy to you frictionless thing where you're provided with a QR code that enables you just to go up to some type of attraction and go through it either it's quicker, because we're offering up something like a skip the line benefit or it's cheaper, and these are things we can do because of our overall huge demand. We can negotiate with these suppliers and get these kind of benefits for our customers that others may not be able to get. That's the whole idea. Now, in terms of rolling it out, we continue to add more cities and more attractions all the time. And I think, you will be able to go to more cities as we roll it out in the near future.
Kevin Kopelman: And then, just one other question if I may on -- revenue in the first quarter was a little lower than expected, despite the strong nights? Can you give us some color on the puts and takes there, and to what extent was that impacted by the new merchandising programs? Thanks.
David Goulden: Kevin, this is David. Let me take that. I think, that's really more due to the timing on room nights, if you think about it, we were speaking to you last at the end of February. And therefore, the [indiscernible] room nights, it was clearly in the month of March. And those room nights came in later during the quarter. Therefore, they have less of an impact in Q1 and a more of an impact in future quarters.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Post from Bank from America. Your line is open.
Justin Post: I guess, as you look at last quarter's bookings and this quarter's guidance of 4 to 6 ex-FX, so more deceleration there. I'm just trying to think about the long-term growth rate. So, could you talk about if there's some unusual factors that you're seeing in 2Q? Obviously the 2% ADR declines. Other things you're seeing? And do you feel, like your growth rate can improve from the 4% to 6% level in 2Q over time from here? Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: So, why don't I start Justin, then I'm sure David can add some more comment too. But, so I think, we mentioned a little bit about sluggishness in Europe continues. As we mentioned before, we're bigger player in Europe than we are in other areas of the world. In terms of your point, which is can it improve, certainly, it's not just a macro thing. And I'm going to use that question as an opportunity to, again, lay out what our long-term strategy is. And we believe that providing this better service, stitching together all these different things, really providing something that no one else really can do. And then, layering on that all of the money we’re spending on machine learning experts, using our huge amount of data, our big data analysis to really provide a better thing for the consumer, we believe -- and that's why we're doing this, is that we can come up with something that actually hits inflection point at some point. It really is significantly better to come to Booking.com to do your travel. And that's what we're aiming for. So, you asked me, do I think that's possible? I absolutely believe it's possible, and that's why we're building this stuff. And David, do you have any more?
David Goulden: Yes. And Justin, just to kind of drill a little bit more into numbers this year. You've got a couple of things going on. Bear in mind, we didn't guide to the top-line for the year, we did you give some guidance on the bottom-line. But, we do expect to get some additional benefits from our investments as we move throughout the year. That's one of the factors to think about this year, in addition to the longer term factors that Glenn spoke about.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Mark May from Citi. Your line is open.
Mark May: I have two if I could. Just kind of curious how much of the slowdown in bookings and also the ADR pressure might be, not so much a macro factor, as it is sort of hotel pricing competition? We've picked up on bookings efforts around early payment benefits and some other efforts that seem more response to sort of pricing competition. Just wondering how much that in fact is to -- accounts for some of the slowdown in bookings and pressure on ADRs? And then, my second question is around the non-GAAP EPS growth in low-double-digits this year. I believe that you talked about share account declines of about 10%. So, is that kind of the way we should be thinking about the non-GAAP EPS growth for this year, ex the buyback, so it’s kind of in the very low-single-digits? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: So, let me talk about the beginning, and you started off by saying -- talking about hotels. I think, we’re going to have to expand that question into price competition in general. And in previous quarters, we've talked about certain areas of the world, particularly Asia, where price competition can be very strong. And one of the things that we talk about is building out that merchandise payment platform for Booking.com, so we could have an ability to compete on price when appropriately, but even more so the whole idea of merchandising. And that's not necessarily just discounting a hotel, which anybody could do, and that may not be the thing to do. What you can do instead is package something. So, for example, we made an investment into DiDi, we made an investment into Grab in Southeast Asia. And the idea is that a customer comes to us and we can offer them up ground transportation, along with the hotel. And on that merchandise platform, we can do different things with the overall price, the overall cost to the consumer in a way that makes it much more advantageous to that consumer to come to us. So, that's the way we'll have an advantage in competing in these areas of high competition. And I'm looking forward to that as we continue to roll that out. And David, I don’t know, is there anything you want to add there? 
David Goulden: Yes. Well, I think there are a couple things. So, Mark, you asked about the ADRs. I’ll give you bit more color on that. They were down a little bit more than we expected for the quarter. It wasn't really a full form [ph] because that was a fairly important rounding factor. So, it was down less than 1% more than we thought, but there were down for the quarter year-on-year by 2%. And there are two factors that are really almost equal weighting. One was to do with rate and pricing. I wouldn't necessarily say that was rate and pricing pressure that we were creating, just kind of rate and pricing pressure in the marketplace. And the other was geo mix impacts as the some of the higher growth countries or some of the country with the lower ADRs. And then, moving to your question about non-GAAP EPS, constant currency on low-double-digit basis. We clearly are going to get benefit from share account reduction this year. I talked to you about a 10% reduction. That was a Q2 share count reduction. Obviously, we bought very heavily in the first month and that will impact Q2 share count. So, something a little bit less than that for the full year. But bear in mind that we're also making significant investments this year as well. We talked about the fact that investors we’re driving are costing us a few basis points of EBITDA growth rates. So, there are a few different things going on in the income statement this year. But, you need to kind of look at the investments as well as the share account reduction because they both have an upon that growth rate. So, I would say, the good news is here that even though we're making some very significant investments, we're still looking to return low-double-digits and non-GAAP EPS growth constant currency basis in a year when we’re making that that level of spend.
Mark May: Helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Brian Nowak: I just wanted to ask a couple about alternative accommodations. Could you just sort of talk about any learnings you've had from commission rate adjustments or take rate adjustments on alternative accommodations? And how should we think about your strategy on take rate, in the alternative accommodation space? And then, for any other areas of investment, I guess, talk to us about how you think about integrating more OpenTable into the platform, maybe driving more attach on non-hotels to the travelers experience? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: Hi, Brian, it's Glenn. So, we’ve talked about the alternative accommodations, the take rates are not dissimilar from hotels. We have commented though that the cost to us for those type of accommodations can be higher than a hotel. And we talked the reason is, one, you can't spread your costs, account costs or other things in terms of getting people on board, as well as you can’t have hotel, because you only have really one property so to speak, to get somebody in the room. Even more so, we've mentioned that the contacts for the customer in the accommodations area is higher usually than for the hotels night and it’s costlier [ph] too. So, the strategy is always, look, you're in a market, you've got a match up the market. And the more demand you have, the more ability you'll have to get the take rates you want. As you get bigger and bigger, and you learn more about how to do the business, hopefully you can lower -- you can leverage and lower your costs across the accommodations area. Along with more technology, it will also help us, like mentioned in the past, as we continue to develop more technology, particularly in the area of using our natural language processing to provide automated responses to the customers, the Booking.com chatbot works so well right now in English. As we can here develop that will reduce that cost portion of the business. In terms of integrating for OpenTable, you've probably heard me talk about this. And it’s something that I'm very encouraged by. And I'm often frustrated that we haven't tried it yet. But I do see it coming out in future, because I always talk about somebody travels, 100% of them are not going to at home. We need to be able to provide a combined package product, something that we're using all the data we have on our customers to provide them with a better, more effective way to give them value. And it’s not just for the customer who's traveling, we’ve got the customer the restaurant side using our OpenTable platform, it's a marketing platform for those restaurant tours. And be able to do that, because we know who the people are, where they're going. We know their habits. Doing that all together I believe is going to provide a significant benefit for our customers. Another reason to make them more loyal to us, make them to come back, more repeat. How fast is that going to happen? I hope faster than it has in the past and we continue to work with the team. So I think we'll see some stuff coming down the road in not so distant future that is encouraging.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan from UBS. Your line is open.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe following up on a couple of points made during the call so far. How far along are you to where you want to be on realigning your marketing against your longer term goals? What comes from performance versus direct channels, lining up against direct traffic and sort of loyalty and reward type behavior from your core users and growing acquisition, but also growing retention of spend across users on the platform. Just want to understand how far through that process we are, and what some of the big friction points you're still trying to solve for that you think line up against your broader goals of how to stand and what kind of ROI you'll get from the broader marketing budget? Thanks, guys.
Glenn Fogel: Well, in terms of where we are in the process, we think that it’s every day we think where we want to be in terms of the balance between the different ways we're going to spend in marketing, always looking at what's the ROI, what's the long-term benefit that we're getting, what's the return, the loyalty we're going to get out of these people, looking at the data? Historically, we've always been a company that deals with data and what are we getting out of it? Now, it's harder with the brand marketing, and it’s much harder with a new campaign that comes out and you don't have a lot of response yet. So, we're -- as I mentioned earlier, we're early in that. But, we are -- we absolutely believe that it’s important to continue on the path of building out that brand spend and develop that brand awareness, particularly in the U.S. where we believe we under index, so, that people are more aware of the very good service, very good products that we provide to customers and develop the same type of market share that we've been able to achieve in other areas. That being said, competitors are always making their moves. And it’s -- how I use a word I use all the time, dynamic, these markets are dynamic where there’d paid stuff, where there’d be areas and brand, they're always moving and changing. And you're always looking at what everybody is doing and matching against that. I think we're good where we are right now. I'm pleased with the ROIs. And I think we're going to be fairly steady in the near future.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe if I could just ask one follow-up. As you’ve seen some of the performance channels evolve, how are you thinking about what they donate to you in terms of traffic and conversion measured against what kind of ROI you're getting? There is sort of a neutral, the declining ROI environment, which you can't sort of abandon them from a volume standpoint, how are you thinking about the puts and takes of some of your performance channels and what they deliver 2Q?
Glenn Fogel: I’d say, we look at all factors. When we’re doing -- we're spending on any part of our marketing channel, we're always looking at all the data we get back in every way shape or form. And it’s certainly whether or not this is a good spend, not actually, should we spend more, should we spend less, and also what’s the elasticity at that time, but I'm not going to get into the details of any individual thing.
David Goulden: Erick, I’d just add that these channels are all important to us. So, it's not one versus the other. It’s always both. And we acquire new customers through lease channels. And people sometimes move from channels to channels, so there's little dynamic. So just one point, it’s really always a question of and, it’s not a question of or, how we kind of look at these channels?
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Deepak Mathivanan from Barclays.
Deepak Mathivanan: Great, thanks, guys. Two questions. So, first, somewhat related to the prior one, but on the brand marketing side. Which inning are we currently with respect to the size of the program? Obviously, unlike performance, there is some constraints in how big the program can reach in every market. So ,I mean, you guys are expecting it to grow in 2Q as well. And when do you think we’ll be at a run rate where there's -- these programs are in sufficient scale in your key markets? And then second on -- David, you noted margin pressure from payments is higher than prior expectations for you. Is that driven by incremental adoption of payment offerings on higher volumes or can you talk about some of the primary drivers of that? Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: So, I'm going to take the first one. And I’m going to say we don't use words like innings. We're a global company. And baseball is not actually played in much of the world. So, when we talk about it the way you did, I'm going to use football term and we hit the ball. So I’d say, look, it’s still first quarter, first half, depending on which one you're playing, in high school game or you're playing out in a world game. So, definitely first half and maybe the early part of that. There's a lot of things still to be done. And as I said, this is early in terms of getting response. But, I want to commit again that this is an important area we're going to continue to spend. We may have to change things down the road but we're going to go continue to spend.
David Goulden: And Glenn, let me just follow up and answer the question on payments. So, let me just recap again what's going on with payments. So, last call, we went through a long explanation on payments in February. And we said we didn't expect any additional reduction in EBITDA growth from payments in 2019. We now expect that this year payments will have a negative impact on EBITDA growth for the year. So what's changed? Nothing's changed in terms of the adoption of payments and the cash flow economics of payments. What’s changed is due to a change in the revenue recognition timing of a component of merchant revenue will not recognize this year. And we expect to start recording some of this revenue again in 2020. So, it's a timing issue of revenue recognition, it doesn't change underlying cash flow economics, it doesn't change the long-term economics. It will impact us in 2019. And that's what's going on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Naved Khan from SunTrust. Your line is open.
Naved Khan: Glenn, maybe you can give us some additional commentary around the macro. Back in Feb when you were on the call, it seemed like Europe was kind of not that great. And now, two months out, is your view incrementally better or how do you view the European macro? And then, I have a follow-up.
Glenn Fogel: I'm just going to have to stick to -- it’s sluggish, compared to the last call. Things we've called out in the past seem to be continuing somewhat, Germany and France, the confidence fell. Germany reduced the full-year growth outlook, Brexit. Even though we got off the cliff, it still is something in people's mind. And I think it also hurts confidence in the UK about making decisions. So, I can't say more than we believe it’s sluggish and it's not dissimilar.
Naved Khan: And then, follow-up question I had was just on this ADR being down -- percent versus your expectation of I guess being down 1%. Is there some kind of dynamic about trade down in terms of what consumers are booking, are they selecting hotels or places to stay that might not be in the same ADR rate versus previous levels?
David Goulden: Not specifically. In terms of the mix impact, which is part of the ADR component, it’s really more a mix impact, it’s impacted by different geographies and where some of the higher growth markets are. Some of the higher ADRs are in the U.S. and Western Europe where -- some of the lower relative growth markets; some of the higher growth markets, places like Asia and country Vietnam have lower ADR. So, that mix impact is a bigger factor than trading up or trading down within a particular local marketplace.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line is Stephen Ju from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Stephen Ju: So, Glenn, in the emerging markets and Asia where you may be plugging into these super apps to source demand, how much easier or more difficult do you think it will be for you to get users to come directly to Booking or Agoda, so you do not have to pay for those transactions every single time? And second, would you also talk about what's going on behind the scenes between Agoda, alternative accommodations versus hotels, and your push to run your own payments, and how these factors may be influencing your agency versus merchant booking growth? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: So, regarding the super apps, like Grab, for example, I don't know because we haven't rolled out the product yet. And we come up with hypotheses, but we don't have data yet to say how we easy is it to get people to come direct or not. So, I can’t answer that until we start getting some data and then we'll have a much better sense. We just have hypothesis. Regarding Agoda -- and I think you mentioned their home business, the alternative accommodations for Agoda, is that correct? 
Stephen Ju: I think Agoda versus everything else and the consumer behavior, choosing alternative accommodations versus hotels and you're pushing payments and how that's influencing the merchant bookings growth rate, maybe at the expense of the agency.
Glenn Fogel: Yes. So, let me -- so, I’ll talk just about the Agoda payment and I’ll let David talk about payments. So, one thing people may not be aware is that Agoda has an alternate accommodation product too. And unlike Booking where every single property on Booking is instantly bookable, on Agoda in Asia where some of their properties, they're not absolutely instantly bookable. And that is because they're localized in certain areas of Asia where it's important to have some of the product that is not instantly bookable. So, little difference there between the Booking one and the Agoda one. But it's growing nicely, it's much smaller than the Booking.com product, but it is important part, as you probably have seen out in Asia, the growth in the alternative accommodation market is very, very fast. And I’ll let David talk about…
David Goulden: Yes. In terms of payments, the mixed shift that’s going on is driving, and if you just kind of look at year-on-year growth in agency versus merchant booking, that growth has been driven by a mixed shift towards more payments at Booking.com. Both Agoda and Priceline had payment platforms for many years and the mix of payments within their total business isn't dramatically changing. But, as I mentioned, last year, we went from a relatively small percentage a year before to 10% of the TTV, [ph] Booking.com on payments and we expect it to continue to rise this year. We expect it to move meaningfully higher over the next few years as well. But we also continue to believe that our property -- our agency products at Booking.com also remains a very important part of our portfolio. But, the mix shift that you’re seeing and the impact that payments is having as you’re ripping through our income statement is really due to what's happening at Booking.com.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Heath Terry from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Heath Terry: Great, thanks. I realize there's been a little bit of discussion around marketing efficiency already. But, I wanted to dig a little bit deeper into that if we could. For the last -- we went through this sort of six-quarter period or so where you saw significant leverage on your marketing spend. And for the last couple of quarters we started to see deleverage again, just in terms of looking at this in terms of total advertising standard as a percentage of revenue. In the past, when you’ve had that kind of deleverage, it's driven acceleration in bookings growth or in revenue or gross profit growth back when you reported that. Is there a level that you feel like is appropriate or that you're targeting from a growth perspective in terms of what you're willing to accept on that advertising return? Just really trying to get a sense of now that you've gone through this efficiency effort, kind of where your strategy is now or where your thoughts are in terms of optimizing around that growth and advertising return trade?
David Goulden: This is David. Let me take that. So, you're right. We basically had a period of time from late 2017, up through Q3 of ‘18, where we had a strategy to explicitly optimize the performance marketing spend or improve ROIs. And you saw some fairly dramatic amounts of leverage as we went through that period of time, for example, Q2 2018 was a great example with over 600 basis points leverage in the performance marketing spend. We essentially lapped the execution of that strategy in Q4 of ‘18. So, from Q4 of ‘18 onwards, it's really been a function of against our now more optimized spend that we feel is the appropriate balance between growth and profitability. What opportunity do we see, how much traffic is being presented to us, where can we find attractive traffic or god ROIs? Our ROI targets from that point of view haven't really changed, the actual ROI themselves, a function what happens in the dynamic marketplaces, the amount of traffic that gets presented to us and where the opportunities are. We always look to try and lean in and find growth in those channels. So we're always pushing for incremental growth those subject to our ROI targets and our ROI returns that we are quite pleased. So, we kind of post the big change in optimization, we’re now into driving more opportunistic efficiency for most channels. And like everybody else, we operate in those channels, where function of how much volume they represent to us and also what the competitive dynamic is in those channels at any point in time.
Heath Terry: But it sounds like from what you're saying, the focus is still on efficiencies versus growth, even though you’ve stabilized where -- stabilizing at this level of growth versus the 20% or so that you had before you started this effort, is that fair to say?
David Goulden: Well, I'd say this -- our approach to certain channels has been very different from other channels, right? So, for example -- and then, you can see how those channels themselves are in fact responding. Our core search channels are still growing. But we've also experienced declining growth rates with some of those courses of channels as we noted prior. Some of the other channels, some of the major channels and you can look at external results are no longer growing, in fact, quite the opposite way. So, a lot of it is resulting in the dynamic of those channels and the growth opportunities presented to us. Once we lapse our optimization, once we kind of got through our new ROI targets, we really are pushing against growth at those targets. So, we're pushing to -- we are pushing to kind of drive the ROI targets up, if you happen to wind up with our higher ROI during a quarter, it's because the dynamics, what happened within the market. So at this point in time, we are looking to push growth consistent with our ROI target that we feel good about.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Anthony DiClemente from Evercore. Your line is open.
Anthony DiClemente: Thank you. Maybe first for David. One of your competitors reported a deceleration in its alternative accommodation segment’s bookings in the Q1 specifically. And so, I know you don't explicitly break out alternative in your reporting. But, did you see stable growth in alternative accommodations bookings in the Q1, or did you likewise see a deceleration there as compared to the 4Q? And then, secondly, maybe for Glenn, you've talked on this call and in the past about investments in your customers, customer acquisition and loyalty programs. Just can you give me a couple of specific examples of loyalty or customer retention features that are working for you? And just maybe more broadly, what are the things you can do to deliver more value to drive incremental loyalty from customers Booking Holdings? Thank you.
David Goulden: Do you want to take…
Glenn Fogel: This one is easy, because we said this several times. Our alternative accommodation business continues to grow faster than our core business. So, that's been going on for a very long time and continues to grow on and we're very pleased with the way we're building out that product.
Anthony DiClemente: But relative to itself last quarter, was it -- is it keeping stable growth, is it accelerating or is it decelerating in the year-over-year growth rates versus prior periods? 
Glenn Fogel: Right, but we don't break out that in that detail to that granularity.
Anthony DiClemente: Okay.
Glenn Fogel: So, we'll go to the second one, loyalty. Well, you’ve certainly seen some of the loyalty stuff. And whether it’d be a genius customer at Booking.com where you're getting significantly reduced prices for hotel, it’s one way to do it, or you're over at OpenTable and you're getting your dining points and you're seeing that. So, both those we love. I'm going to pick one out, it's small and just starting, we’re just experiment it but I like it is the fact that you cannot use those dining points, and you can instead of using just to get a cheaper restaurant meal, you can use those to get a cheaper hotel room. That's what we are referring. And maybe you've actually seen some of the TV ads going out there, there is actually KAYAK is the one doing it with OpenTable. And that's an example where you can do that. Now, we've been experimenting with some other things, different services that we have in these deals, primarily with the ground transportation. We have a company called Rentalcars.com, which is more than just rental cars. Its ground transportation has a lot of good relationships with different types of ground transportation, black cars, ride sharing, et cetera. And we’re experimenting with different ways to package these services and give that better value to the customer. And I don’t want give too much detail obviously, we're rolling this out now in testing et cetera. And I've also -- you see it in the attractions part. I've actually used that where I've actually -- I booked with hotel Booking.com with my app, and then I got my QR code and I got a discount, all sorts of things to do in a particular city. Those are all different ways. And there are lots more that we're doing. And things are standard, like just the point, which is standard royalty. I think it’s much more creative regarding putting together different types of services into one bundle, and all different things like that.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call over back to your speakers.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. So I just want to say how pleased we were with our solid Q1 results and remain excited about our future as we continue to execute on our long-term growth plans. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-27 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to Booking Holdings' Third Quarter (sic) [Fourth Quarter] 2018 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical facts are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings' actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the safe harbor statements at the end of Booking Holdings' earnings press release as well as Booking Holdings' most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings' earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings' website, www.bookingholdings.com. And now I'd like to introduce Booking Holdings speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and David Goulden. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you, and welcome to a Booking Holdings fourth quarter conference call. I'm joined this afternoon by our CFO, David Goulden. We had a strong quarter with 171 million worldwide room nights booked, which is up 13% year-over-year and exceeded the high end of our guidance range. Our revenue increased 16% year-over-year in U.S. dollars or about 21% on a constant currency basis. Adjusted EBITDA grew 17% U.S. dollars and the FX impact was a couple of points higher than it was on revenue. Our non-GAAP EPS was up 33% year-over-year. When I look back at 2018, I am pleased with the financial performance of the company. Our total booked room nights exceeded three-quarters of a billion room nights, and we produce strong year-over-year growth across our key financial metrics. Revenue was up 17%, adjusted EBITDA was up 18% and non-GAAP EPS was up 20%. We not only draw solid top line growth, increasing our share in the accommodation market but also stabilized our operating margins through our performance marketing optimization strategy, which we began in the third quarter of 2017. In 2018, we invested in three main areas that we believe can drive the long-term growth of the business, and we will continue to develop these in 2019. First, in alternative accommodations, we continue to add to our supply base. And as of December 31st, Booking.com had over 5.7 million reported listings. However, we are not just focused on the total number of alternative accommodation listings, but are also concentrating on the quality and type of properties joining our platform, so we can provide the best choices for our customers and drive search conversion. Booking.com's alternative accommodation business has meaningful size and scale and recorded approximately $2.8 billion in revenue in 2018, representing approximately 20% of our overall revenue for the year. It also reached the important milestone of over $1 billion in revenues in Q3 2018. It is also growing faster than our consolidated growth rate and is nicely profitable. We believe offering real choice with both alternative accommodations and traditional properties on one platform is the best customer proposition. We believe a telling data point underscoring the attractiveness of our model is approximately 40% of Booking.com's active customers booked in alternative accommodation property at some point during the past 12 months. Second, we invested in 2018, and in 2019 we'll step up our investment in the growth of our business through branding and customer acquisition programs in order to take share in the markets with the highest long-term potential returns. We believe these incremental investments will help drive greater loyalty and higher repeat rates to our direct channel over time. Just two days ago, we launched our new U.S. brand campaign, which we expect will drive further awareness in this important growth market. We will also look to improve brand awareness across our primary markets to increase brand campaigns in both offline and online channels. These marketing programs are taking on a greater importance as many of our performance marketing partners are experiencing slower customer growth. Third, we will continue to invest in the rollout of Booking.com's payment platform. This platform provides payment options favored by customers and property partners, particularly non-hotel property partners and provides a platform for merchant product offerings. Merchant offerings provide greater merchandising possibilities for Booking.com. And this year, we plan to step-up our investment in this capability to drive growth. This payment platform will also facilitate our transport in local attractions business, where we envision a frictionless customer experience that we believe will drive enhanced loyalty. For example, we look to build upon the integration of Rentalcars.com and Booking.com to deliver a better ground transport offering for Booking.com's customers this year. The number of car rentals and rides booked on the Booking.com platform grew rapidly this past year, contributing to our belief that an integrated offering is highly valued by our customers. China and the broader APAC regions remains an important geographic focus for us, and we invested significantly against this very large opportunity in 2018. As a result of smart growth investments, Agoda produced very solid growth rates in the region despite a very competitive marketplace. We continue to work with our partners Ctrip and Meituan, and we introduced a new strategic and financial relationships with DiDi and Grab, all of which, we believe, will help both Booking.com and Agoda build better brand awareness and acquire customers more effectively in this region. KAYAK completed a busy year with the integration of Momondo and acquisition of HotelsCombined in December. Both acquisitions bring greater geographic diversity and product strength to the KAYAK platform as it continues to build a global multiproduct, multi-brand travel search platform. We also announced the combined reporting structures of KAYAK and OpenTable during 2018 to further drive experimentation and innovation across both platforms. We're already seeing early signs of this with OpenTable recently announcing that its customers can use OpenTable dining points to book discounted hotel space, and I look forward to seeing further innovation from the combined teams. Priceline.com is increasing its momentum, and we're starting to see the benefits of our investments on this platform. The redesigned packaged product is growing very rapidly, gaining acceptance in the U.S. market. We're excited about the potential of this product for the entire company. Finally, as you can see from our Q1 guidance, we witnessed a slow start of the year, primarily in our core European markets, which we believe is largely due to overall macroeconomic factors. The initiatives outlined above are aimed at driving long-term top-line growth and share gains, and will help support the business if macro conditions soften. We believe these steps strike the right balance between driving growth and operating margins. Furthermore, we believe our financial scale and global diversified platform positions us to perform well to meet macroeconomic challenges. In conclusion, we had a very good year in 2018 and believe we have a great long-term opportunity ahead of us. We'll always manage our business with a long-term view and will continue to invest in growth this year with the goal of increasing our share across our primary markets. With that, I will now turn it over to our CFO, David Goulden, for the financial review.
David Goulden: Thank you, Glenn and good afternoon. I'll discuss our operating results for the fourth quarter and for 2018 and then provide reports on the full year 2019 as well as our guidance for the first quarter. All growth rates are relative to prior year comparable of periods unless otherwise indicated. All year-over-year growth rates referenced in my remarks will compare the current year income statements under the new revenue accounting standard to prior under the previous accounting standard. Gross bookings and other metrics like room night reservations are not impacted by the revenue accounting standard. Our non-GAAP financial results and forecast include stock-based compensation and information regarding reconciliation to GAAP can be found in our earnings release. Now, on to our results for the quarter. Our booked room night growth of 13% for the quarter exceeded the high end of our guidance range. In the quarter, we observed a modest stepdown in growth rates from October levels. Average daily rates for accommodations, or ADRs, were up about 1% in Q4 relative to the prior year on a constant currency basis versus our forecast for about 2% ADR growth in the quarter. Changes in foreign exchange rates reduced Q4 growth rates in U.S. dollars by approximately four percentage points versus last year. We estimate the changes in FX rates impacted Q4 gross bookings and revenue growth rates by a similar amounts and the Q4 EBITDA growth rate by a couple of points more. Q4 gross bookings grew by 4% -- sorry, by 9% expressed in U.S. dollars and grew by about 13% on a constant currency basis, coming in at the high end of our guidance range. Consolidated revenue for the fourth quarter was $3.2 billion and grew by 16% in U.S. dollars and by about 21% on a constant currency basis, coming in above the high end of our guidance range. Advertising and other revenue, which is mainly comprised of non-intercompany revenues for KAYAK and OpenTable grew by 14% in Q4 compared to the prior year. Total revenue for the fourth quarter 2018 under the current revenue standard was approximately 5% higher than it would have been if reported under the previous revenue standard. As a result, our revenue, adjusted EBITDA, and net income growth rate versus the prior year were positively impacted in the quarter. In addition, expenses as a percentage of revenue, as well as margins were impacted from the higher revenue when comparing to the prior year Q4. So, to help you understand the underlying drivers of leverage and deleverage in the business in Q4, I'll talk about these on a like-for-like revenue basis to eliminate the impact of a Q4 benefit from the revenue accounting change. Adjusted EBITDA for Q4 was $1.26 billion, which exceeded the high end of our guidance range and was up 17% year-over-year on a reported basis and up about 4% on a like-for-like basis. As I mentioned previously, our growth rates were negatively impacted from year-on-year changes in FX rates. Our Q4 adjusted EBITDA margin of 36% under the previous revenue accounting standard was above our forecast, largely due to some leverage in performance marketing. We fully lapped our strategy to optimize performance marketing ROIs, which we began in mid-Q3 2017. We remain disciplined in our spending, and we were encouraged to see a modest leverage of 20 basis points from our proposed marketing in the quarter, which was better than the deleverage we anticipated. We continue to see these channels as an effective way to acquire customers, and we'll continue to invest rationally to optimize growth. As part of our continued effort to drive more traffic to our websites, we increased our spending and brand marketing in the quarter by 27% versus Q4 last year, which contributed about 50 basis points of deleverage. Sales and other expense continue to grow faster in revenue, primarily due to the growth of our payments platform of Booking.com. Finally, personal expense came in lower than our forecast, and contributed a small amount of leverage in the quarter. Our non-GAAP EPS was $22.49, up 33% versus the prior year. Non-GAAP net income reflects a non-GAAP tax rate of 11.3% in Q4, which decreased from the prior year, primarily due to a tax benefit resulting from the application of regulatory guidance issued in November that clarifies a provision of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Our full year non-GAAP tax rate was 18.3%. Our 6% lower share count in Q4 versus last year further benefited EPS growth in the quarter. On a GAAP basis, operating income grew by 16%, and GAAP operating margin decreased by 13 basis points compared to Q4 last year. GAAP operating income is negatively impacted by $21 million pre-tax related to travel transaction tax charges from prior periods that are recorded in the G&A expense line. Q4 GAAP net income amounted to $646 million or $13.86 per share, up significantly from the $11.41 loss in Q4 2017, which was negatively impacted by last year's $1.3 billion provisional net income tax expense related to the Tax Act. Our Q4 GAAP net income includes a $474 million pre-tax loss related to unrealized losses on equity investments in Meituan and Ctrip. Q4 GAAP net income was also negatively impacted by the travel transaction charges that I just mentioned. We excluded the unrealized loss and the travel transaction charges from our non-GAAP results. We had a GAAP tax rate of negative 2% for the quarter, which was primarily driven by the reversal of the tax charges related to a provision of the Tax Act that I mentioned previously, as well as the separate $48 million tax benefit related to the finalization of the one-time expense incurred in Q4 2017 due to the Tax Act. Our cash and investments amounted to $14.7 billion at quarter end. For the full year 2018, we generated $5.3 billion of operating cash flow, which increased by 15% compared to prior year. Our free cash flow for the year was $4.9 billion, which increased by 12%, compared to the prior year. We returned about $1.8 billion during the fourth quarter to our shareholders through share buybacks. Since the start of 2018, we reduced our fully diluted share count by approximately 6%, through our $6 billion in repurchases for the full year. As of December 31, we had approximately $4.5 billion remaining of our share repurchase authorization. We will continue to be both programmatic and opportunistic with regard to our repurchases and now we expect to complete this authorization before the end of 2019. Looking back at 2018, we're pleased with our strong performance during the year as we delivered room night growth of 13%, revenue growth of 17%, adjusted EBITDA growth of 18% and non-GAAP EPS growth of 20%. We exited the year in a stronger position and achieved many of our objectives. We grew our direct channels, which now represents over 50% of our booked to room nights. Our mobile platform a strong with over half of our room nights booked on a mobile device. And finally, as Glenn noted, in 2018, approximately 20% of our revenue and a higher percentage of our room nights were generated by our alternative accommodations business. Each of directs, mobile and alternative is growing faster than our overall growth rate. Now turning to 2019. I want to start by talking about some factors that will impact the year and then come back to our guidance for Q1. There are four main factors that we believe will impact the shape of 2019. The first is our growth investments; the second is a continued role out and adoption of our new payments platform of Booking.com; the third is from mechanical timing and comparison factors; and the fourth is the macroeconomic environment. Now let's look at each of these in turn. Starting with our growth investments. As Glenn talked about, in 2019 we're investing for growth, customer acquisition and loyalty in a number of key areas. These growth investments are step up in spend from normal levels. You will see them impact our financials in brand, in revenue the merchandising as well as customer acquisition and incentive programs and you'll also see them in personnel to support these initiatives. We expect there will be some in-year revenue return, but after taking this into account, these growth investments will reduce our EBITDA a growth rate by a few percentage points in 2019. These investment starts at the beginning of this year. We expect to returns to be higher in the second half of the year so there'll be a greater negative impact on EBITDA growth during the first half. This means that our consolidated EBITDA growth will be higher in the second half. Now moving to payments for Booking.com. In 2018, approximately 10% of the gross bookings of Booking.com was processed via our payments platform and we expect this to continue to increase. In 2018, payments put pressure on EBITDA in the form of higher sales and other expenses that were not fully offset by associated revenue. This reduced our consolidated EBITDA growth rate in 2018 by a little over 1%. Going forward, we do not expect any additional reduction in EBITDA growth from payments and will continue to see increases in revenue. This will pressure margin rates modestly. We also see the opportunity for payments to drive EBITDA growth in the future. Of course, payment provides advantages in many areas, including merchandising flexibility, a better customer experience, reduced customer service expenses and the ability to coordinate on most integrated trips. The third set of factors are more mechanical, but important as you think about the year. FX is expected to be quite significant this year. Using current FX rates, assumed in our guidance, gross booking growth and the revenue growth through the non-GAAP EPS growth will be reduced by approximately 250 basis points for the full year and 500 basis points for the first half of the year. Additionally, the timing of Easter will impact revenue growth in Q1 and Q2. Last year, Easter was in April 1 and therefore majority of Easter revenue was recorded in the first quarter. This year, with Easter on April 21, Easter travel revenue will be recorded in Q2. Compared with Easter falling on the same day as last year we estimate that about $65 million of revenue will move into Q2. We estimate this shift in timing will reduce Q1 2019 revenue growth rate by approximately 200 basis points and increase Q2 2019 revenue growth rates by approximately 200 basis points. The fourth is the external -- the fourth factor is the external macro environments. We continue to expect travel to grow faster than GDP on a global as well as on a region-by-region basis. Of course, this means that the growth of travel on a regional basis will be impacted by regional, GDP and sentiments. Consistent with recent economic indicators, we saw slow start to the year in Europe and this is impacting our room nights, growth guidance for Q1. To provide a little bit more insight, January room nights growth in Europe was a step-down from December and February is looking stronger than January but still below December. We expect to continue to gain share in accommodations in Europe, especially with our investments. Room night growth rates in other parts of the world are more in line with what we saw in December. We think that working through these factors will be helpful as we describe and you build your models for the year. We also think that sharing some expectations for the full year, taking these factors into account, will be helpful as well. For 2019, we expect to gain share in accommodations in each major geographic region, and we are confident that the strength of our business, reinforced by the growth investments we're making this year will enable us to achieve this. We'll manage the balance between growth and profitability with an expectation that non-GAAP EPS on a constant currency basis will grow in the low-double-digits, in 2019, after factoring in the impact from the growth investments I previously mentioned. If economic conditions were to further soften, we still -- we'll still preference growth over realizing short-term margin because we believe this is the best for our business in the long-term. So with that, as a framework, let's turn our attention to Q1. Our Q1 guidance reflects our quarter-to-date actual results forecast for the remainder of the quarter. Foreign exchange rates are expected to be an approximately 6 percentage points to 7 percentage points headwind to year-over-year growth rates in Q1, which we estimate will impact gross bookings, revenue, EBITDA and non-GAAP EPS growth rates by similar amounts. We used a dollar-to-euro exchange rate of 1.13 when setting up our Q1 guidance. We are forecasting booked room nights to grow by 6% to 8% and total gross bookings to be approximately flat at the midpoint of our guidance in U.S. dollars and to grow by 5% to 7% on a constant currency basis. This reflects what we've seen so far this quarter and also limited impact from our growth investments. Our Q1 forecast assumes a constant currency ADRs for the company will be down about 1% compared to the prior period. We forecast Q1 non-GAAP revenue to be approximately flat at the midpoint of our guidance in U.S. dollars and grow by 5% to 7% on a constant currency basis. Normalizing for both Easter and constant currency, we estimate that Q1 non-GAAP revenue to grow by 7% to 9%. We forecasted Q1 GAAP revenue will be down 2% to approximately flat when compared to Q1 last year. Q1 adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $680 million and $700 million. The resulting growth rate is also negatively impacted by unfavorable year-on-year FX change and by Easter timing. Normalizing for both Easter and constant currency, we estimate that Q1 EBITDA will grow by 2% to 4%. As I mentioned earlier, this is negatively impacted by our growth investments, especially in our seasonally slowest revenue quarter. We are forecasting leverage from performance marketing expense line in Q1, reflecting low volumes in the pay channels and our continued focus on acquiring high quality traffic. We expect to accelerate our brand marketing spend in the quarter, which will contribute to deleverage to the P&L and more than offset leverage we're expecting from performance marketing. Brand marketing is a key area where we're making growth investments to drive more direct traffic to our website and build better awareness. Finally, sales and other expense growth is expected to decelerate relative to Q4, but will continue to grow faster than revenue, primarily due to ramp up of our payment platform at Booking.com. We are forecasting Q1 non-GAAP EPS of approximately $10.90 to $11.20. Normalizing for both Easter and constant currency, we estimate Q1 non-GAAP EPS growth to grow in the low-double-digits. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast includes an estimated income tax rate of approximately 18%, which is lower than Q1 last year, primarily due to the clarification around the provision of the tax act previously mentioned and a lower than our full year non-GAAP tax rate due to certain discrete tax benefits typically realized in the first quarter. We expect our full year non-GAAP tax rate to be 19% to 19.5%. Our Q1 non-GAAP EPS guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of about 45.6 million shares, which is 7% below Q1 last year. We forecast GAAP EPS between $9.90 and $10.20 for Q1. Our GAAP EPS guidance for Q1 assumes a tax rate of approximately 18%. We have hedge contracts in place to substantially shield our first quarter EBITDA and net income from any further fluctuation currencies versus the dollar between now and the end of the quarter, but the hedges do not protect our gross bookings, revenue or operating profit from the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. Our forecast does not assume any significant change in macroeconomic conditions in general, or in the travel market, in particular. With that, we'll now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Justin Post from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Justin Post: Great. Thank you. I'll just start of with just a high-level question. When you look at your bookings growth rate in Q1 and you think about how you're performing versus other companies, it seems like it's a bit of a difference, your guidance versus other people in the travel industry. So how do you kind of reconcile that? And then, maybe if you could tell us how much better February was versus January, and if you think there was just something really abnormal for the first two months of the year. Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: Hi, Justin, it's Glenn. So, as you know, we are very European-centric in our business. We're a global company for sure, but our biggest business is, by far, in Europe. And Europe has definitely seen and is experiencing a slowdown, if you look at any of the macro indicators out there, any of the published information, whether it come from the EU's data people, it comes out from any of the investment banks that put out predictions for how European economics are going to go. And you see, and even, I think it was yesterday, our Chairman of the Federal Reserve who actually said seeing headwinds in Europe. So I think that is the one element that would show a difference. On the other hand, I think if you look at the pure European payers, if you look at some of the tour operators, the two who are biggest in there, and I would suggest to take a look at their numbers and what they said, I think I should see significant consistency with what we're saying right here, right now. And there are a lot of uncertainties there. And uncertainty is something that absolutely makes people a little hesitant to both. And I can go through -- besides just general macro, we can talk about Brexit, which is obviously creating a tremendous amount of uncertainty, and people -- I spend a lot of money right now or not? I don't know what's going to happen. I know they’re going to be troubles traveling into Europe, are there going to be troubles with FX changes or if you go into political issues. In France, weekly political issues with the yellow vest protest, which makes you do I want to go to Paris with that happening on Saturday and Sunday? Go to Germany where the cars who drives the German economy, which has slowed down is a secondary impact from trade, particularly China and U.S., is having secondary impact on Germany. Go to Italy, where the government there seems to be a little bit influx with whatever. I can go on and on. The fact is, we are more impacted by things that happen in Europe than, say, a U.S. based company. So I would say that on that one. In terms of actually in February in how that was, I think David said it about as much color. What we're to say is that February was a nice uptick from January, but it was still below December in Europe, and I think that's about all. David you want to comment?
A – David Goulden: I just want maybe to recap the other comment which I made. I think, Glenn, you just talked exactly what I said about Europe. But I also just want to recap, Justin, that you heard that we said this really is an issue that is focused upon Europe and that room night growth in other parts of the world were in line with what we saw in December.
Q – Justin Post: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mark Mahaney from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Q – Mark Mahaney: Okay. Appreciate I think the relatively new disclosure on alternative accommodations. I didn't quite get expect it to be that high as a percentage of revenue. So maybe talk a little bit more about that. I think you said that it was nicely profitable. So is it as profitable as the non-alternative asset core business? Maybe how much faster it's growing than the overall business? And then any color -- the particular regions, is there any more color about where that growth is coming from in alternative accommodations? Any more color there would be helpful. Thank you.
A – Glenn Fogel: Hi Mark. So it is a new disclosure, and we were very proud of that. What I mentioned about Q3 and breaking that $1 billion milestone, I think we were all pretty darn pleased about that. In terms of profitability, I would say it was nicely profitable. I'm not going to get into the details of it. One thing we have talked about in the past though about how sometimes the cost involved there can be more than the cost with the traditional hotel product, and it's easier to see that when we start talking about scale. If you want to deal with a hotel that has hundreds of rooms, you can distribute that cost much more easily than when you're going property by property by property. And that's not as much color I'll give in terms of profitability. Well, say in terms of geographic growth, et cetera, we have made a point in the past, so I'm going to continue this, is that we know that we are -- and I just mentioned how we're European-centric Company. And we do very well in the capital cities in the alternative accommodations. We've got great properties there. We are able to produce a very good offering there. In other parts of the world, in the U.S., in particular, we need to increase our properties, particularly a certain type and that is a single home that is in the beach locations, some of the ski locations. And just to give others point an example to show this. I was looking talking about getting a Hampton's house for the family, and I looked at that on our site and I looked at some of our competitor's site, and I'm saying we've got to get some more of that stuff. And that is something that we are doing as part of the things we invest in, and I look at is a glass half-full type. And this is a great opportunity for us to increase and really drive the accelerated down a little bit in that area and grow our business.
Mark Mahaney: Okay. Thank you, Glenn
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Lloyd Walmsley from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Lloyd Walmsley: Thanks. I guess, first, it looks like performance marketing spend is up about 12% in the quarter, call it 16x, 17x effects and almost 20 when you include brand spend and yet room nights booked was up only about 13. Can you give us a sense for what's going on with marketing ROIs? And maybe some more color on how that's trending in kind of acquired channels, growth that's trending in acquired versus direct. And then, I guess, in some of the prepared remarks, you talked a lot about growth investments. It sounds like most of those are going to be on the brand side. Are you also going to be leaning in on the performance side for growth? And any color you can provide there would be great.
David Goulden: Yes, Lloyd, this is Dave. Let me start that. So let me just kind of clarify the difference between what we expect and what we saw in the Q4. You have to look at Q4. You have to exclude the impact of the extra revenue when kind of doing your leverage and deleverage calculations. So on a like-with-like basis, we actually expected to get some deleverage in the performance marketing line. We actually wind up with a little bit leverage, which is part of the reason why we came over on our EBITDA guidance for the quarter. And based on what drove that compared to expectations was a little bit less volume than we're expecting in those channels and actually with ROIs that are in line with our guidance, where we spoke to you about the quarter, the beginning of it. And actually, if you look at my comments about Q1, you see a similar trend as well. We're expecting some leverage in the performance marketing channel again in Q1 because volumes are a little lower, but we're still getting solid ROIs against those volumes. So you'll see our mix towards direct continuing to increase as a result of that leverage we're getting in those channels. And then in terms of growth, I think we kind of gave you the growth investments, so we gave you a feel that they're going to impact our EBITDA growth this year by a few basis points. In terms of income statement, I kind of basically told you where you'll see them. Some of them will appear in the branding line, some of them will appear in the revenue line in terms of merchandising, customer acquisition, customer incentive programs. You'll see some increases in the personnel aligned to support those investments directly. In some of the countries where we talked about investing for long-term returns, there are some increases in performance marketing associated with those countries, but it's not a major part of the investment program.
Lloyd Walmsley: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Kevin Kopelman from Cowen and Company. Your line is now open.
Kevin Kopelman: Hi. Thanks a lot. Could you give us -- so just to go into the room nights growth a little bit more for the first quarter. The guidance is about 400 basis points lower compared to your guidance for the fourth quarter. So, is that fully just from the European kind of macro comments that you were mentioning? Are there any other key factors there for the Q1 night guide? And then I have another one. Thanks.
David Goulden: Kevin, I'll take that. I mean, that really is the major factor. Just kind of stitched together the couple of points that we made to make sure that you kind of gotten. So, we said that -- as we said we guided for Q4, we expected some deceleration in room nights in the fourth quarter. From what we've seen we, obviously, came quite strongly out of the Q3 in September. We mentioned that we were seeing pretty good room night growth in October. And as we expected, we saw a step -- a little step down in the fourth quarter. And in fact, November and December room nights were quite comparable to each other, but a little bit less than October, and therefore, a little bit less than the average where we came out for the quarter. And then you jump off that point, and I think the rest of it kind of being true. We saw a step down, a bit of bounce back in Europe. And we really do believe that's tied to the macro and we looked at very carefully. And then we saw relatively similar performance in the first couple of months this quarter as we saw to the last few months of last quarter outside of Europe.
Kevin Kopelman: Okay. Thanks for that. And then just to follow-up on your -- on the investment in customer acquisition programs, particularly the incentive programs. Can you give us more color on what you're doing there? And are you focusing on an incentive-based loyalty program? Or is it more on special one-off offers for new customers or old customers? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: Well, actually, Kevin, it's actually that and many more. There are lots of different ways to put that money to work and achieve what we want to do in terms of ROI that we think is acceptable over the long run. And certainly, the two you mentioned are there, and there are a lot of other ones as to which geography you're in to. If you go to -- similar things happening in the Asian marketplace where there is a significant more price competition with discounting by wholesalers that's being put into retail, all sorts of things. We need to be able to compete with that straight out. If we don't have -- provide a value to our customers, we're not going to get those customers. We've got to do that. Certainly, there are things like potential loyalty programs. There are different things for just bringing in new customers. And even things, I'll give you an example, it's a small thing. But I got a postcard yesterday from Booking.com that offered up -- a snail mail that offered me a discount if I went to the site and went in. So, lots of different things to do. And on top of those pure ones, it's important to getting the packages with different types of our inventories, different types of our products to create a better value, that we may end up doing some subsidy for us, but we may also be working partially with suppliers. So, for example, we have new deals with DiDi and Grab, those are ground transportation companies primarily. We're working with them. We remain together, worked to be able to get more customers to those companies in areas that they need, where they help us get us customers in areas that we need and doing different types of cooperative types of marketing programs that will help us get more customers. Lots of different ways to do that and we're not going to always be measuring which ones are given us the best ROI.
Kevin Kopelman: Thanks. And just a housekeeping on the EPS guide. Does that assume the future buybacks now that you expect to use that program in 2019?
David Goulden: Yeah. Basically, yes. The EPS guidance, from a housekeeping point of view, we said that we expect to use our remaining authorization. So, we gave you a specific share count number for Q1, but in our guide for the full year, it assumes we extinguished our remaining authorization.
Kevin Kopelman: Thanks, David.
David Goulden: That’s, Kevin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Anmuth from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Doug Anmuth: Thanks for taking the question. Glenn, I was hoping you could drill down more on the key benefits of the payment platform. And if you could talk a little bit about when you start seeing those benefits more and how long it takes to fully roll out. And then David, just on the 1Q guide, is it safe to assume here that you're assuming further decel as you usually have done in previous quarters in the past? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: Doug, you're right. This payment platform is a very important paying for Booking.com as we go forward and developing its merchant capability, so we can provide this greater merchandising and a couple of things I just mentioned. You need a payment platform to be able to do some of the things I just talked -- answering Kevin's question. So that's the basics there. But there's even more. Just simple, yeah, I mentioned how important it is for our alternative accommodations business, that we want to continue to grow that out. Well, that's also a very important thing to have, because as you go after those single-home property owners, we're not that sophisticated. The old agency method that we used primarily at Booking.com is not really the thing that they want to use. They're not planning to be there and take a credit card and then get a bill from us to send us our commission. They want to have a merchant product there. So that's important thing, too. It's one of those things we're always going to be working on because our payments platform is not just the simple thing in America where we're using credit cards. There are new payment systems throughout the world that are coming up all the time, and we need to be able to provide that to both sides of our marketplace. There are people on the supply side that we connect to Alipay. I want to be part of WeChat Pay. That's how I want to get my money and you've got to do that. Same thing on the customer who wants to pay. They say hey, I want to use Paytm or I want to do M-Pesa. I can go through an endless list of these things. So when we talk about payment platform, we're talking about something's global and able to use throughout and helping to reduce that friction in the entire transaction.
David Goulden: And Doug, let me just pick up on that and also clarify your question. Of course, payment's is very important but let's make sure it's not going to the entire business. We do believe that pay at the property, which has been a big piece of our business, continues to be a big piece of our business is also very important part of our portfolio, and a lot of our customers and a lot of our partners also like that as well. So it's bringing an additional capability to complement what we do so well at Booking.com. And then to comment upon your question on the Q1 guide. No, our Q1 guide does not assume a deceleration. That's why I did not say that. In fact, specifically, we said that January was, in fact, again, with the rest of the world being relatively consistent with December, I said that, in Europe, January was a step-down and February was a step-up. So it reflects what we've seen so far and our expectations the rest of the core, but it does not reflect the deceleration.
Doug Anmuth: Thank you, both.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Deepak Mathivanan from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Deepak Mathivanan: Hey, guys, thanks for taking the questions. Somewhat related question on the payment side, what is currently the go-to-market strategy for the payments platform? And whether that's incentivizing hoteliers to choose your payment solution versus their existing one? And in over time, do you think there's additional opportunity to generate economics from the payments efforts? Right now, it sounds like you are probably using some incentives for adoption. So, just wanted to get some color there.
Glenn Fogel: I'll take that and I'm going to reverse, because it is exciting, the second part of your question, about being able to use the payment platform, not necessarily something that's increasing cost, or it's something actually over time, will actually enable us to make more money. And given the volumes that we put through and are going putting through in the future, I believe that is a great opportunity but that is down the road. Right now, in terms of incentivization and why -- listen, as David just mentioned, our agency a product is still a -- it’s a nice part of the progress. It's the way people, major hotels are still going buy one or two for some time. But again, I go back to the thing about merchandising, putting in packages. One of the things we always try and emphasize how we try and work with our supplier partners cooperatively in a way that adds value to both of us. And having that merchant payment product available so that we can combine a hotel with another service in a way that helps bring that customer to that hotel in a way that is frictionless, easy, makes that payment so much easier for the customer, well, I think hotels are going want to want to do that if it gets them more business. And I think that's really the incentive for that. Over time, it could also be a volume issue where we can make or do a payment product that is significantly less expensive for smaller hotels in other parts of the world where their costs are higher.
Deepak Mathivanan: Okay. It’s helpful. Thanks, Glenn.
Operator: Our next question is from Stephen Ju from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Stephen Ju: Hi, Glenn. So building on your highest potential market commentary earlier, it seems like there's more dialogue around your local efforts in China both in terms of earnings calls like this as well as interviews with your local management teams and talking about the opportunity for outbound. So you've always had partnerships there, but why is now the right time for what looks like what's probably more of a direct effort to advertising establish to Booking.com brand in the country? And is perhaps a greater conversion rate from the payment product, is that what's making I guess the ROIs there possible now? Thanks.
A – Glenn Fogel: I would look at it a little differently, actually. We first started our business in China many, many, many years ago. We now have approximately 1,000 employees there, and we have different call centers there. We have always been pushing out our own brand. It's not just Booking.com, Agoda has been operating in China for very long time. So I think the way we look at is we're always trying to use to all the different ways to get more customers through our platform and be able to provide more value to customers and hoteliers. So yes, we absolutely are doing deals with lots of different players in China because we think that's a way to help build up our business. But I don't think it's anything different. In terms of the payment product, there is some difference in some thing that do help in terms of doing business in China, having that product there is good. I'd like to point out Agoda has always been a merchant player, and they've done very well there. Booking in the past was primarily agency business, they've done very well there. But I do think having that flexibility, particularly with Alipay, and with WeChat Pay and some of the other things coming in here, our agreement with DiDi, Meituan, I think these things are helpful to have that platform there.
Stephen Ju: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Naved Khan from SunTrust. Your line is now open.
Naved Khan: Yeah, thanks a lot. I'd like 2 clarifications. On this sort of recent trend in sort of macro-related slowdown in Europe, are you seeing sort of customer eventually booked but not really booking in advance, kind of waiting more to the last minute? Is that kind of a behavior you're seeing? Or are you seeing kind of demand weaken all together? And then, another question I have is about just the growth in different sort of channels. I think I heard you mentioned mobile growing faster and alternative growing faster. I did not here about direct growing faster. Was that still the case the direct bookings are faster growing?
Glenn Fogel: All right. So, I'll take that first and I'll let David talk about growth and speed. I think that it'll be interesting -- we need more time to see if this uncertainty factor that I met, this propensity, perhaps, to wait to book. We'll need a little more time to see if it's going to be drastic change and that is what is happening right now. I would say that it was interesting in the third quarter where we did have a lot of people who, obviously, waited to book because of either World Cup, or the heat or whatever, and we did see that delayed pick up and bookings in third quarter. Things a little early to say exactly and I'm going think also what's going to happen in the macro environment.
David Goulden: Yes. And then -- sorry, I obviously, covered a lot of things in my earlier comments, but I did talk about direct. And just to confirm and recap, the direct channel did grow faster. We used to say it was approximately 50 -- approximately half the business, now we're seeing it's over half the business and growing faster down the average. So, we have the direct channel of over half and growing faster than the average. We've got mobile over half and going faster than the average. And we've got the alternative business at about 20% of our revenues, a high percentage of our room nights and also growing faster. So, each three those are doing well and growing faster than the average.
Naved Khan: Okay. Thank you, Glenn. Thank you, David.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Anthony DiClemente from Evercore. Your line is now open.
Anthony DiClemente: Thanks very much for taking my questions. In terms of your investments in the alternative accommodation space, it would be great to understand within that investment bucket, how much of it is investing in new supply? Glenn, in your example, you mentioned like beach house listings versus marketing of that supply versus investments in the consumer tools to integrate that supply, whether it be like technology or AI that improves the user interface for the customer. And then related to that, just wondering if you're seeing any consumer behavior that suggests maybe an incremental shift to home versus hotel. Is that inflecting in any way that is notable? Or is it more kind of a steady, linear trend that's going on out there? Thanks a lot.
Glenn Fogel: So, one of the thing -- it may be a little confusing, is the difference between what our steady growing listings, growing the business, and sort of our steady state, that's what we do all the time versus what we try and call out a little bit here is that we're doing a step-up in investments. The listings is not a step-up added investments that's going continue to grow our business and I want to do something of the important, but we don't see that as a different thing that we're doing right now. So, that would not be as part of what we're talking about the step up investments. In terms of what we need to do to make that business continue to accelerate, do well is all the elements that we've done -- all of our business forever, and that is -- I think one of the key things is really is just getting that knowledge out among certain groups of customers around the world who may not have as much knowledge that we have this great product. And yes, I mentioned I called out where I think we a little bit of shortfall in some parts of it, but the fact is, in the U.S. we've got a great product. And we do need though to make more customers aware of it, and that's part of the coming out with that new branding campaign that we launched two days ago. You won't see it and the stuff you're seeing the right these couple of days that's coming out in terms of, as part of it, to make sure that people are aware that we have a non-hotel accommodation product that is out there, that is good. And we talked about the reason why we think it's a great thing, about the fact that instant confirmation. We talked about that you can see that on the same search results as your traditional so you can do a comparison. We talked about how you don't need hit at the end with a fee at the end. All these reasons that we think we have a great product, but definitely getting that branding out and that scenario we talked about, increasing our spend. In terms of actually looking at numbers and inflection points, I think that there's nothing that I would see that we saw a crack, oh my God, this is a difference. We're going to have a huge inflection point. This is a little bit of blocking and tackling do all the right things and continue to do it day-in and day-out, and we'll get there.
David Goulden: Yeah. And then, Anthony, just to clarify, to build up on Glenn's point, just to make sure everyone is clear, when we talked about these incremental investments that we make in 2019, incremental above investments that we normally make with the regular size and growth of the business, these are all focused upon driving growth. They're focused upon branding. They're focused upon customer acquisition. They're focused upon merchandising, incentive programs. They're all focused on driving incremental customers to our platform, driving incremental transactions and driving loyalty. So top-line focus.
Anthony DiClemente: Awesome. Thank you very much.
David Goulden: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Michael J. Olson from Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Michael J. Olson: Hey. Good afternoon. I just had one. You mentioned several areas of near-term investment. I don't believe experience is one of those areas. Just curious where that falls in the list of priorities at this point with all the other initiatives going on in alternative accommodations, direct channel growth, payment platform, China, et cetera? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: So it is important. And as David just said, we're trying to just show a little difference into one of the incremental things that we're doing to drive growth. It's a very important part of our business. We bought FareHarbor, put that in. I can tell you now, we have over 100 cities now, and I think almost 120 that have these attractions and things people can do when they show up. And we talked about in the long run, how important it is to offer that holistic solution for our customer. And that goes back to why we're having this payment problem. You've got to have that to put together all the elements of the trip, and reduce the friction for that customer. So the fact that we didn't throw it out, and we didn't talked about it, we're half an hour into our prepared remarks and stuff. I'm glad you ask the question, so I could make a point that this is still extremely important part, and we're very pleased with some of the progress we're seeing there.
David Goulden: And it size together what the work we're doing, booking also to bring in the cars and rides, and put together these great trips. So it's a very important part of our building out the connected trip experience for our customers.
Michael J. Olson: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Heath Terry from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Daniel Powell: Thanks. This is Daniel Powell on for Heath. Just a couple of questions for us. Just want to dig in a little bit more on some the comments you made around what you saw in your various marketing channels in the fourth quarter. It sounded like the ROIs were stable, but the volumes you are seeing were pretty consistent. Just curious if there was a decision around, because of what you're seeing in the macro environment, not to look to lean into other channels. Or if there was a lack of ROI that you saw outside of the traditional channels that you weren't getting the volume that you would have expected to. And then just another one after that, on the delta between room nights growth and bookings growth in the first quarter that you're guiding too. I realize it's not very big, but just curious if there's anything about the growth that you're seeing in alternative accommodations that we should think about over the course of 2019 that could be impacting the delta between those two. Thanks, guys.
David Goulden: Let me take the second one. As you've got to look at everything on a constant currency, Easter adjusted basis. Sorry you have to do that, but unfortunately it's the only way to kind of look at things on a like-for-like basis. So you look at the basis into the first quarter, room night growth is 6 to 8, and gross booking growth is 5 to 7, so pretty consistent. There's an ADR difference. We do expect ADR and we're seeing a little bit of pressure on ADRs tied to the macro, we're seeing it tied to two things. One, we are seeing a little bit less international traveler into certain cities. And those international travel transaction since we have higher ADR. And also we are seeing some local pricing pressure as well impacting the ADR. So that's the story between room night growth and gross bookings on a like-for-like basis during the first quarter. And then, just to recap again, what we said on the fourth quarter, we're expecting to get some deleverage from the performance marketing channels. We've got a little bit of leverage. That's because there was just lest volume there than we expected, but we're pleased with ROIs and we're pleased with the share that we maintained in those performance marketing channels. So it's a function of volume we saw in the channel as opposed to anything else.
Daniel Powell: Got you. And there weren't other channels that you thought you could have spent into when you weren't getting that volume? Or is there an issue around timing there?
Glenn Fogel: We always are -- always look at every way we can spend money to bring in growth and we're always looking at what's the ROI for it, what do we think the long-term benefit is going to be, what's it do for the brand. All things we've we talked about in the past about that we're pleased with the way things were at that point?
David Goulden: Really, just to kind of put those two points back together again, if you think about it, we did better than we expected in the Q4 on room nights growth. And as we just said, we got a little bit less volume from the performance marketing channels. So the fact that we were able to beat our room night growth guidance for the quarter and an important channel for us had a little less volume than we expected I think that's a good thing. Therefore, we were able to still lean in elsewhere and do better than we had thought we might do.
Daniel Powell: Thanks. Appreciate the detail.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brent Thill from Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Brent Thill: Thanks. Just back to the growth initiatives for 2019. I'm just curious if you could help us prioritize if you had to wait each of the initiatives, where the biggest rate goes and the biggest investments in descending orders. If you could just give us a high-level view, that would be very helpful.
Glenn Fogel: Yes. I don't think we're going to able to give you more color. Those are -- the ones we listed out are the important ones. And one thing I'll make a point of is that we set up a budget, we think of what it's going to be for the year and we put it out and then we start actually executing. And as you go throughout the year, you may notice some things are performing better than other things. We want to put more money into things or things are not working as well and you pull that back. So even if I were to give color say, okay this is as of this moment here's what we're going to spend -- it's still not going to be that helpful because these things I know will change as the environment changes.
David Goulden: Yeah. Brent, just to kind of give you a little bit of color and tell which is the smallest of the three areas. We told you there's going to be some impact you'll see on the branding line, some impact you'll see on the revenue line, some impact you'll see on the personnel line. Well the personnel line is by far the smallest of those three. The other two are the major spend areas and the personnel increase, so really those we're adding to support those growth initiatives.
Brent Thill: And Glenn, just a quick follow-up. If Europe continues to lag a little bit longer than you would like, can you just give us a sense of how you think about the alternative opportunities to counter that, what's happening, how you think through that for the back half of the year? Thank you very much.
Glenn Fogel: Yes. So we believe that areas of slowdown can be great opportunities to gain share, develop loyalty, increase your value to your supplier partners. When things start getting a little bit slower, our hotel partners are looking for getting demand wherever they can. They look at the incremental. And they want to be able to say can you supply somebody in this bed? And as you know, hotels have high fixed costs. They need to get that person to help hit their bottom-line or get us close as they can to make a breakeven environment. I've had the fortunate of going through some of these in the past. I've been the company now -- it's not more than 19 years. So we've been through this before. We've been able to add value in the past. And I suspect if things do slow down a bit, that we can position ourselves in a way that, as we come out, we'll be even stronger.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Justin Patterson from Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Justin Patterson: Great, thank you very much. I appreciate the commentary around the payment platform earlier and a providing more frictionless experience. My question is if you layer in more of these services, how do you think about really making consumers aware of all the features in the app? And in turn, how does that change kind of your view of LTV over the long-term? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: Yeah. That is a good point, because as we pointed out, just having great service in your product, that's not very helpful if people don't know about it. One of the great things, as people become more mobile savvy and as they're using their mobile devices more and more, and you're able to push opportunities to be able to communicate more with them, you're able to demonstrate what the value can by going to our systems. And we see this developing around the world, this concept of the super app type thing. And this is everything from all the way, from the WeChat, which is completely know so many different things you can do off that. To things that are a little bit not quite but are -- our partner now with Grab is doing a lot of different stuff. We need to make sure that our customers are aware of these great things. I'm not as concerned though about being able to communicate what the value is. And I think we're not going to be there when we set these things up, as we continue to set them up. I think it's going to be fine.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tom White from D.A. Davidson. Your line is now open.
Tom White: Great thanks for taking my question. Just wondering you talked about profitability of your alternative accommodation room nights, I think you said solidly profitable, but when you kind of called out some of the higher cost for that relative to the traditional hotel business. I also remember that, in the past, you talked about the potential for technologies like AI and better automation to reduce your OpEx per room night. Is that something that should help drive kind of the EBITDA per room night for alternative to be more in line with traditional hotel over time? Or will that always kind of be structurally lower?
Glenn Fogel: So first, I just want make sure we're on the same page, I said nicely profitable. That was the word I used, not solidly. But, I believe all new types of technology that we're developing are going to reduce that cost over time for both non-hotel accommodations and hotel accommodations. And it's interesting which ones will help the most, fastest I don't know the answer to that. I do know though that some of the things that we see, even right now in terms of lowering our customer service cost. And because we do have more customer service contacts with our non-hotel accommodations area. This is an area where we probably will get a benefit more there than we would in hotels, but there can be other examples that could go on the other way. The fact is though one of the benefits for a company, having the size and scale that we have, the ability to go out and hire lots of really smart AI-type people, help developed technologies that we can then put into our platform, distribute throughout the world for all of our supplier partners, we're providing a value that they can't do on their own. That adds to the reason why they connect with us, that's the reason why they give us the information, that's the reason why they want to work with us. That something that we do that they can't do as well, particularly somebody who is not a multi-billion dollar global chain. If you're not one of those, you're definitely not going to be able to play that game. We bring that to them.
Tom White: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jed Kelly from Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Jed Kelly: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Just -- where is the company strategy around some of the -- or by owner managed inventory that's sort of, I guess, more frictional? And what's the overall strategy? And then you signed an agreement with FareHarbor, a couple of months ago. Have you seen an uplift in that agreement since you started that partnership?
Glenn Fogel: I'll answer the second one. I haven't kept up with the details of that, so I'm just going to pass on that. I think that if it was significant, right now, though I'd know. So that's one.  Let's go with the second thing. Any type of non-hotel accommodation whether it be a single home that is operated by a mom-and-pop that do it once a year for one-week all the way up to very sophisticated players who have multiple units and are working with multiple distribution channels, we want to be able to get all these people onto the platform. The thing that we want to do though is in the right order, at the right times and the right amount of money and obviously go for the more profitable ones first. So that -- for the ones you're mentioning I think those are sometimes more costly. We got significant number of sophisticated owners and to deal with to get them onto the platform, but we'll get to them all eventually.
Glenn Fogel: So, I want to thank everybody for the call. In summary, I am very pleased with our performance in 2018 as we met many important financial and strategic goals. And I'm truly excited about our upcoming key investments for 2019 as we position the company for long-term growth. And finally I want to thank everyone who made 2018 such a successful year, including our supplier, our marketing partners and now more than 24,000 employees distributed across more than 300 offices around the world and most of all our traveler customers who are out there being what we call our new advertising campaign, the bookers, the doers, the people out there exploring the world. By doing this they're making the world a better place. Good night.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-05 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Glenn Fogel - President, CEO David Goulden - Executive VP & CFO
Analysts: Mark Mahaney - RBC Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Mark May - Citi Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley Douglas Anmuth - JPMorgan Naved Khan - SunTrust Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray Anthony DiClemente - Evercore James Hardiman - Wedbush Deepak Mathivanan - Barclays
Operator: Welcome to Booking Holdings' Third Quarter 2018 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical facts are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings' actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the safe harbor statements at the end of Booking Holdings' earnings press release as well as Booking Holdings' most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings' earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings' website, www.bookingholdings.com. And now I'd like to introduce Booking Holdings speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and David Goulden. Please go ahead, gentlemen.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you, and welcome to Booking Holdings' third quarter conference call. I am joined this afternoon by our CFO, David Goulden. We had solid execution in our busiest quarter of the year and passed a new milestone of 200 million room nights booked in a single quarter, reporting 201 million worldwide room nights booked. This is up 13% year-over-year and exceeded the high end of our guidance range. Consolidated gross bookings were up 12% year-over-year in U.S. dollars or about 14% on a constant currency basis. Our revenue increased 11% year-over-year in U.S. dollars or about 13% on a constant currency basis, and adjusted EBITDA grew 8% in U.S. dollars with a similar currency impact on the year-over-year growth rate. Our strong room night growth rate was helped by our later-than-normal summer booking system. In addition, we have higher growth coming from our performance marketing channels, which benefited in part from our lapping the start of last year's optimization efforts. Our guidance for Q4 room night growth of 12% reflects our expectation that we will have more stability in our top line growth rate and reflects the continuation of our marketing spend. And we note that we continue to grow significantly faster than the overall global accommodations market. I am pleased with this strategic approach we have taken with our paid channels this year. Going forward, we expect these markets will remain very dynamic, which is why we'll continue to employ our data-driven approach to achieve the right balance of growth and acceptable ROIs. We will look to spend in the paid channels when we see opportunities to acquire high-quality traffic at attractive ROIs. And as I said before and want to emphasize, we work closely with those advertising partners that help us build our brand and maintain our competitive strengths while working in a manner that is best for our customers. Conversely, we will reduce our participation with those who do not work in a way that we believe best serves our customers. As you can see in our results, we're beginning to ramp up our brand advertising. As we've discussed in the past, we expect to increase our brand advertising efforts to further our goal of bringing more customers directly to our platforms and to increase product awareness, particularly in our home segment. We are increasing our spend in digital channels as they provide efficient reach and allow us to better measure the effectiveness of our spend. This is part of our long-term strategy. And though we expect to increase our investment in this area, we are mindful to spend as efficiently as possible, letting results and data help direct the pace of the investment. We have progressed in many of the investment areas that we have discussed over the current year. In particular, we've expanded our product breadth and customer experience in the areas of alternative accommodations and experiences. We continue to build supply in alternative accommodations. And as of September 30, Booking.com had over 5.7 million reported listings in homes, apartments and other unique places to stay, which is an increase of 21% year-over-year. Booking.com's total reported listings were about 29 million of September 30. Our room night growth in alternative accommodation remains robust and is higher than our consolidated growth rate. We're also pleased to see that the number of customers whose first-ever booking with us through our home product is growing nicely. We have developed new services specifically for our booking home host. These services include streamlined property onboarding, enhanced guest management tools and property profiling capabilities, which allows host to highlight their property's unique aspects. We believe we are building a leading platform to search and discover truly unique accommodations in the same frictionless path that our customers have come to expect from us. And we continue to believe that the best customer benefit comes from offering both hotel and home accommodations on one unified platform. We recognize that building a great home platform is only part of the challenge to building a great home business. And customer awareness of our capabilities, particularly in certain geographies like the United States, is low and will require a higher marketing investment in the coming quarters. However, we believe we are on the right path and, in the long run, will achieve a leading global home business. In the area of experiences, we are building out our product capabilities, creating a seamless integrated way to offer more choices for our accommodations customers. This quarter, Booking.com made progress integrating FareHarbor's products, giving Booking.com access to new local attractions in the U.S. and the ability to leverage FareHarbor's technology to help even more tours and attractions around the world come online. Booking.com's experiences product is scaling well, and we now offer experiences in approximately 70 cities worldwide. In addition, we are making progress with experience in other areas such as offering at-hotel services and restaurant booking options that we note these are nascent efforts. As mobile becomes an increasingly integral part of the travel ecosystem, we continue to invest in our mobile platform, so we can offer all of our products, accommodations, ground transport and experiences, whenever and wherever our customers may be. We are happy with our progress in this area as today, over 50% of our accommodation booking transactions come from mobile devices. We continue to seek ways to promote cross-brand initiatives that allow us to share best practices throughout our company and get further benefits from our multi-brand platform. Priceline and Agoda are now working more closely together in certain overlap market such as the U.S., and we are seeing some efficiencies there. With greater technical and managerial cooperation between KAYAK and OpenTable, we're excited about the pace of innovation happening at both companies. OpenTable has been growing nicely, and we are confident about its large opportunity. We believe through tighter interaction with our other brands in the future, OpenTable will provide benefits to all of our customers and create additional value to our entire enterprise. The number of restaurants on the OpenTable platform has grown by 55% since its acquisition in 2014. And over the prior 12 months, OpenTable has seated over 330 million diners via its online reservation system, which is 69% higher than during 2014. OpenTable is now increasing its development velocity, and we look forward to some exciting improvements in the platform in the quarters to come. Finally, I would like to note our $200 million investment in Grab, the leading on-demand transportation and mobile services platform in Southeast Asia, that we announced last week. This investment and strategic partnership is consistent with our long-term strategy: to create the optimal worldwide travel platform, which will make all aspects of travel easier for our customers by having an integrated seamless way to experience the world at the lowest friction possible. I have mentioned this long-term strategy before and will always be a work in progress as technology changes and advances. But I am pleased to see the initial foundations being laid out. In sum, I am very pleased with our execution in the third quarter. The pace of innovation remains robust, and I am confident in the long-term growth prospects of the company. I want to thank our approximately 24,000 employees for their hard work and dedication during this busy quarter, providing unparalleled service to both our customers and property partners around the world. I will now turn the call over to our CFO, David Goulden, for the detailed financial review.
David Goulden: Thank you, Glenn, and good afternoon. I'll discuss our operating results and cash flows for the third quarter and then provide guidance for the fourth quarter of 2018. All growth rates are relative to the prior year comparable period, unless otherwise indicated. As we discussed last quarter, all year-over-year growth rates referenced in my remarks in Q4 guidance will compare the current year income statement under the new revenue accounting standard to the prior year under the previous accounting standard. Gross bookings and other metrics like room night reservations are not impacted by the new revenue accounting standard. Our non-GAAP financial results and forecast include stock-based compensation and are reconciled to our GAAP results in our earnings release. Now on to our results for the quarter. We are pleased with our booked room night growth of 13% in Q3, which is well ahead of the high end of our guidance range and accelerated from Q2. When we provided our guidance for the third quarter in early August, we were in a period of relatively high uncertainty given the impact that the World Cup and an unusual weather pattern in Europe we're having on the summer travel season. Following our earnings call, we saw an acceleration in our room night growth rate that continued through the end of the quarter driven by the late summer travel peak and improved results from some of our performance marketing channels. We continue to show progress in growing bookings through our direct channel, which remains our largest single source of new customers. The direct channel continues to represent about half of our booked room nights and continued to grow faster than the overall growth rate. Average daily rates for accommodations, or ADRs, were up over 1% in Q3 versus the prior year on a constant currency basis, which is better than our forecast of flat. Strong ADRs in some of our core travel markets more than offset the negative impact from mix. Changes in foreign exchange rates reduced Q3 growth rates in U.S. dollars by approximately 3 percentage points versus last year and by about 1 percentage point versus guidance. We estimate that changes in FX rates impacted gross bookings, revenue and EBITDA growth rates by a similar amount. Q3 gross bookings grew by 12% expressed in U.S. dollars and grew by 14% on a constant currency basis, coming in about 6 percentage points above the high end of our guidance range. Consolidated revenue for the third quarter was $4.8 billion and grew by 11% in U.S. dollars and by about 13% in constant currency. Revenue for the third quarter of 2018 under our current revenue standard was approximately 1% lower than it would have been if reported under the previous revenue standard. Advertising and other revenue, which is mainly comprised of non-intercompany revenue from KAYAK and OpenTable, grew by 14% in Q3 compared to prior year, including revenue from Momondo, an acquisition we closed in July 2017. In the third quarter, we started lapping our strategy to optimize performance marketing ROIs, which began in mid-Q3 2017. As a result, we continue to see leverage from performance marketing in the quarter, however, at a lower rate than the first half of the year. The leverage from performance marketing in the quarter was more than offset by the deleverage in sales and other expense, which continues to be driven by the growth of our merchant business in Booking.com. We will see pressure on the sales and other expense line as we continue to ramp our merchant business. However, a significant portion of these expenses are offset in revenue. As part of our effort to drive more direct traffic to our websites, we increased our spending on brand marketing in the quarter by 27% versus Q3 last year, which contributed about 40 bps of deleverage. As expected, the year-on-year margin pressure from nonmarketing OpEx, which includes sales and other, diminished in Q3 relative to the first half of 2018. GAAP operating income grew by 7%, and GAAP operating margin decreased by about 170 bps compared to Q3 last year. GAAP operating income in Q3 is negatively impacted by $23 million pretax related to -- sorry, by $27 million -- $23 million pretax related to a net travel transaction tax charge from prior periods that is recorded in our G&A expense line. GAAP net income amounted to $1.8 billion or $37.02 per share, which grew by 8%. Our GAAP net income includes a $31 million pretax net benefit related to unrealized gains and losses on our equity investments in Meituan and Ctrip. GAAP net income was also negatively impacted by the net travel transaction charge I just mentioned. We excluded the unrealized gain and the net travel transaction charge from our non-GAAP results. Our non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 21%, which was in line with our forecast. Adjusted EBITDA for Q3 amounted to $2.36 billion, which met the high end of our guidance range and was up 8% year-on-year. As I previously mentioned, we saw a negative impact on our growth rates from the changes in FX since providing our guidance. Our adjusted EBITDA margin of 49% was slightly below our forecast. This reflects higher spending in marketing, which helped our room night growth. Our non-GAAP EPS was $37.78, up 7% versus the prior year. Non-GAAP net income reflects a non-GAAP tax rate of 21.1% in Q3, which increased from the prior year due to the impacts of the U.S. Tax Acts and the high Innovation Box Tax rate in the Netherlands. Our 4% lower share count in Q3 versus last year offset the negative impact on EPS growth from the higher tax rates. Our cash and investments amounted to $16.2 billion at quarter end. In Q3, we generated $2 billion of operating cash flow, which grew by 4% for the quarter and by 22% on a year-to-date basis compared to prior year. Our free cash flow for Q3 was $1.8 billion, which grew by 2% for the quarter and by 19% on a year-to-date basis compared to prior year. We returned about $2.2 billion during the third quarter to our shareholders through share buybacks. Since the start of the year, we reduced our fully diluted share count by approximately 4%. And on September 30, we had approximately $6.4 billion remaining on our share repurchase authorization. We will continue to be both programmatic and opportunistic with regard to our repurchases. And under stable business and market conditions, we expect to complete this authorization within the remainder of the 2- to 3-year time period we talked about in May. Turning to Q4. Our guidance reflects our quarter-to-date results and assumes our growth rates will decelerate over the remainder of the quarter mainly due to the size of our business and consistent with long-term trends. Our approach to guidance has not changed. Foreign exchange rates are expected to be an approximately 4 percentage point headwind to year-over-year growth rates in Q4, which we estimate will impact gross bookings revenue and EBITDA growth rates by similar amounts. We used a dollar-to-euro exchange rate of 1.145 when setting our Q4 guidance. We are forecasting booked room nights to grow by 9% to 12% and gross bookings to grow by 6% to 9% in U.S. dollars and by 10% to 13% on a constant currency basis. Our Q4 forecast assumes that constant currency ADRs for the company will be up by about 2% compared to prior year. We forecast Q4 revenue to grow by 13% to 16% in U.S. dollars and by 17% to 20% on a constant currency basis. We estimate that our Q4 revenue as reported on the new revenue accounting standard will be slightly less than -- 5% higher than it would have been under previous standard. Note that our EBITDA margins and growth rates versus prior year will also benefit from the impact of the change in the revenue accounting standard. Q4 adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $1.19 billion and $1.22 billion, which represents 11% to 14% growth versus prior year. We forecast that adjusted EBITDA margin will be down modestly versus Q4 last year. After adjusting for the impact of the revenue accounting change, forecast EBITDA will be approximately flat versus Q4 of last year, at the midpoint of our guidance range. Note that this growth rate was negatively impacted by unfavorable year-over-year FX change I mentioned earlier. To help you understand the underlying drivers, leverage and deleverage in the business in Q4, I will talk about these on a like-for-like revenue basis to eliminate the impact of the Q4 benefit from revenue accounting change. We are forecasting deleverage from the performance marketing expense line in Q4. Our Q4 forecast reflects the full impact of lapping our ROI optimization efforts we started in the middle of Q3 last year. We also expect to continue to lean into certain performance channels where we see high-quality traffic. We expect to grow our brand marketing expense in the quarter at a faster rate than we did in Q3, which will contribute additional deleverage to the P&L. We believe prudent investment in brand marketing is important to drive more direct traffic to our websites and build better profit awareness. Sales and other expenses continue -- is expected to continue to pressure margins primarily due to the ramp-up of our merchant business. We continue to push the expansion on our merchant platform to help build a home business and for other beneficial transaction effects. Finally, we expect continued deleverage in personnel from the investments we made in the second half of 2017 and earlier this year. We forecast GAAP EPS between $18.05 and $18.55 for Q4. Our EPS guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of about 46.8 million shares, reflecting the beneficial impacts of the common stock repurchase we've made to date, which will reduce our share count by 6% versus Q4 last year. Our non-GAAP EPS guidance for Q4 assumes tax rate of approximately 20%. Note that our GAAP tax rate in Q4 last year was negatively impacted by a onetime expense item related to the U.S. Tax Act and is, therefore, not comparable. We are forecasting Q4 non-GAAP EPS of approximately $18.90 to $19.40, which represents 12% to 15% growth versus prior year. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast assumes an estimated income tax rate of approximately 20%, which is higher than the prior rate of 17% due to the impacts from the U.S. tax act as well as the increased rate of the Innovation Box Tax in the Netherlands. The negative impact from the higher tax rate is more than offset by a lower share count versus Q4 last year. We have hedge contracts in place to substantially shield our fourth quarter EBITDA and net income from any further fluctuation in currencies versus the dollar between now and the end of the quarter, but the hedges do not protect our gross bookings, revenue or operating profit from the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. Our forecast does not assume any significant change in macroeconomic conditions in general or in travel market in particular. With that, we'll now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mark Mahaney with RBC.
Mark Mahaney: Okay. I want to ask about the marketing strategy a little bit. I know you've gone through this kind of over a year of this kind of toggle, I think, away from performance and more towards brand advertising. Sounds like some of the upside, the acceleration you saw this quarter, it happened at -- came through the lapping of performance marketing. But maybe just address a little bit broader this overall shift towards brand advertising. Do you feel like you're at an optimal mix now? There's going to be constant experimentation. I assume the answer to that is yes. But any more color on whether after this year of experimentation you feel like you've gotten a better, more sustainable growth profile setup because of this toggle in marketing shift.
Glenn Fogel: Mark, it's Glenn speaking. So I know you'd like me to be able to tell you it's all fine, stable, and it's going to be the same going forward. But the fact of the matter, these markets, as you all know, are extremely dynamic. So when we find good opportunities, we find high-quality traffic at the ROIs that we like, we step in, and we're going to buy. Similarly, when we think that there's something that we don't like, we're going to step away, whether that's because the platform's acting the way that we don't believe is in the best interest of our customers or for some other reason, we're going to vary how we're going to spend in those pay-for-performance channels. But what I said a year ago and I continue to say it now, is the importance of increasing our brand spend. And we're going to continue to do that, and you saw some of the increase already, and we here said we're going to spend more. And the reason is we believe, in the long run, we want to try and drive as much traffic as we can directly, and part of that is creating a brand awareness. And we talked about this in the past several times. So I can't give you any sort of specifics about how much it is we're going to do in performance, is it up or down. I can say there's probably going to be dynamic. There's going to be movements up and down going forward. But I absolutely believe, in the long run, the right thing is we'll try to increase that brand advertising to get the people to come direct. David, if you want to add any color, go ahead.
David Goulden: Oh, Glenn, thank you. I think just consistent with Glenn's comments, we did reinforce in my remarks that we're very focused upon the growth and the balance of that direct business, again, which remains our largest single source of new customers and represents about half of our booked room nights. So it's a very strategic part, not the only part. But the spending on brand obviously supports that and also supports our longer-term strategy to expand our portfolios to provide more value to our customers.
Operator: And our next question comes from Lloyd Walmsley from Deutsche Bank.
Lloyd Walmsley: I had a couple, if I can. I wanted to first, I guess, follow up on the marketing questions. Can you give us any sense for how we should think about the return timing on the brand spend? And are you planning you're able to scale that up with more confidence around measuring a specific payback? Or is that more of a strategic decision still to spend on brand? And then, I guess, the second one, you mentioned a number of customers making their first booking is growing nicely. So any specific growth kind of rate or relative growth rate to your room nights? Is it faster or slower than overall room nights? Or maybe you can give us an update on that customer count metric given it's been a couple of years since you've updated that. Anything further you can share there?
Glenn Fogel: Lloyd, so talking about marketing and the brand, what we're trying to do here? I can't give you any sort of specifics of when we think the ROI is going to be. I will say that it's still very early. If you recall last year, we talked a little bit about how we increased the number of people in terms of our brand marketing, how we're increasing the ability to develop technology tools to be able to measure, and we're continuing to do that. And we do like what we're seeing, and we are increasing the spend. This is a difficult thing as we continue to go forward in terms of understanding the attribution and how much of a factor you're getting for your brand that's going over to where your pay-for-performance is now performing better than it would have in the past and many different ways to understand what's the true ROI. It's going to be something we're going to continue to experiment, but I do believe we are going to continue to ramp up that spend, as I said in the last question, and it is something that we do believe is very important. Regarding the second thing, I want to make sure you heard what I said perfectly. What I was talking about is we are having people who are coming to our first time-ever, we call it, book time with Booking, and the first thing they're using is the home product. That's something we really like to see growing because that's showing that there's awareness of our booking home product beginning to grow. In terms of specifics, I'm not -- we're not going to give out any numbers on that area.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mark May with Citi.
Mark May: Sorry, again, on the marketing side, but up until the last year or so, the company's marketing spend as a percent of revenue is, I think, pretty consistently growing a couple hundred basis points a year. I guess, now it looks as though you're kind of leaned back into marketing. Is that kind of the pace that we should be thinking about? I'm just trying to understand a little bit how much of the past year or so has been a bit of an anomaly. And would you -- should we be thinking about kind of pre-2017 to think more about the marketing leverage in the business?
David Goulden: Yes. Mark, this is David. Let me just start off with that. I understand where the question is going. Let me just -- first of all, I think you do have to look at the year in 2 halves. As you mentioned, the first half, broadly speaking, we have the benefit from our ROI authorization activities comparing optimized -- less optimized a year ago, and in the second half, we start to lap it. So you start seeing the two halves start to play out in a slight different way. I think one way to look at it, if you just look at the full year, and I know this is a projection based upon the top end of our guidance range, Q4, but if you look at the full year and you add everything together, you see 13% room night growth, 17% revenue growth, 17% EBITDA growth, 16% EPS growth. So I think it represents a fairly healthy year. Obviously, there's been significant stories during that year. And I know it's been a little bit of challenge sometimes for us to walk everybody through the moving parts. So one -- and one way to look at it is just kind of step back and look at the bigger picture for the year. The other part of your question is kind of what will things look like going forward. And I'm not going to give you a specific amount of leverage or deleverage, but I mean, our longer-term view of the business hasn't changed. And as we put our -- there's always going to be a bit of an ROI reset going on with -- being certain of our performance channels over the course of the last 18 months, but our longer-term view hasn't changed. And as we think about our 2019 plan, we think about our longer-term plan, what we plan to do is to invest in the business, to grow at above-market growth rates, expect to have and tolerate some modest deleverage in our EBITDA margin rates to achieve that build-out of the platform and that above-market position but have a close eye on the EBITDA dollar growth. So that gives you a little bit direction. But I don't want to get into the specifics yet as to how much, and we're still obviously working through that. We'll give you more as we finish our 2019 plan.
Operator: And our next question comes from Justin Post with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post: One big-picture question and one housekeeping. On big picture, I think you spent about $100 million more than we thought on marketing, just our estimates, and generated about 6 million more room nights than we were thinking. Did something shift interquarter where you found pockets of better ROI? Or something changed in the market that made you more aggressive on the marketing spend? That's the first question versus your original outlook. And then secondly, just the strength in merchant bookings growth versus agency. Can you just remind us of the dynamics of that?
Glenn Fogel: Sure. I'll take the first one, Justin. I'll let Dave take the second one. So as I remarked earlier, when we see good opportunities, we're going to spend. When we see areas that we don't think is appropriate, we're going to lean back in terms of marketing spend. The markets are extremely dynamic. And as David mentioned, there were some interesting things happening towards the end of Q2, running into Q3 that made things a little bit harder to try and foresee the future. So in each one of those things where we did spend more at certain times, and we did end up with more room nights. That's clearly in the math there, and we're pleased about it. And we hope going forward that we'll continue to find these type of opportunities that are going to help us build the franchise.
David Goulden: Yes. Thanks, Glenn. And then on the -- on housekeeping, actually, it's a fairly important point. You can really see the transition occurring -- starting to occur in Q4 '17 when the growth in our merchant bookings started to significantly exceed the growth in our agency bookings as we are building out and deploying a global payments platform at Booking.com. That does a number of great things for us, for our customers and our partners. For our customers, it gives them many more choices to how they may want to pay for their transactions either in advance or closer to their stay. It gives them more opportunities to pay with the payment product of their choice. It may not necessarily be a credit card. It could be something like an Alipay, for example. For us, it lets us basically provide our customers with a more consistent service because we're in charge of exactly how our payment flow works. And then for our partners, again, we offer them more ability to accept different payment forms from different customers in different parts of the world because we can basically pay them, the partner, in the form of whatever they like to take even though we may have taken the payment in on the front end. There are different payment mechanisms. So it is the build-out of that global payments platform principally rolling through Booking.com having the impacts. And you see that mixed shift occurring. It's been occurring for quite some time as we see merchant revenues -- merchant bookings, rather, outstripping the growth of the agency bookings.
Justin Post: Okay. And one follow-up, is Agoda simply like growing faster than your other platforms? Can you tell us about that?
Glenn Fogel: We don't usually talk about individual brands, which is growing faster, which ones are not. But I will say that Asia is a fast-growing area. It's also a very competitive area. It's been that way for some time, and I suspect it's going to continue to be that way for some time in the future.
Operator: And our next question comes from Kevin Kopelman with Cowen and Company.
Kevin Kopelman: Just a follow-up on the marketing questions. Can you give us an update on your relationship with Google? And given your comments in the prepared remarks, whether you feel they're helping you best serve your customers.
Glenn Fogel: So as you know, we don't generally talk about any individual advertising platform. And we also talked about over many, many years, we've had a wonderful relationship with people at Google, basically helping build out our business together with them, a very symbiotic relationship, helping improve each other's capabilities. And we're very pleased with that. And we hope that continues for a very long time. I can't say much beyond that, that would be helpful to you, I don't think.
Kevin Kopelman: Okay, understood. And then just another question on brand marketing. You talked about wanting to grow that. Right now, you're about $500 million annually. How are you thinking about what the right amount is to spend on brand to make sure you're getting out there around the world today?
Glenn Fogel: So as you know, one of the things that we're very proud about is our history of doing experimentation and not trying to make guesses or just projections without data. So what we're going to is continue what we've always done, and that is spend, test; test, spend, see how it goes. It's complicated. It's going to take a long time. And over that -- over this long period of time, we will find out what the optimal amount to spend is. But I can't give you a number now given that it's going to take significant amount of experimentation for a very long time before we are able to come up with what we think the optimal is. And the interesting thing about that is because this world is so dynamic, things change so rapidly, I don't expect we're ever going to come up with a set numbers. It's always going to be moving. One thing, though, I will add that I am happy to see is more and more of the brand marketing is going to digital video. And one of the good things about that is the measurement of that spend is better than it used to be when you're doing over-the-air TV. So at least we're getting better data, the measure against.
Kevin Kopelman: Glenn, and lastly, can I just -- can you give us quarter-to-date share repurchase?
Glenn Fogel: I believe that's David to say no.
David Goulden: That -- Kevin, we'll just update you every quarter on how we've done. Yes, I think I saw a new policy. I think it's the right way to go.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley.
Brian Nowak: I have two. The first one, just trying to a little bit better understand the 3Q and the 4Q guidance. The room night acceleration and the guidance deceleration, can you just talk to any specific regions or products that were the biggest contributors to the overall acceleration and growth? Then the second one, just to kind of, again, better understand the quarter. As you said, direct traffic, it sounds like, grew faster than the overall rate, so I think direct grew in the mix, yet performance probably drove more upside than expected. How did that happen? We're you able to use data to sort of test and deliver more volume at lower ROIs? Or were ROIs more stable than what you thought? Just how did performance come in better than expected? Was it that lower ROI or not?
David Goulden: Brian, let me start, and then I'm sure maybe pass it over to Glenn for a couple of comments. So yes, you asked a number of things there. So yes, just to confirm, direct did increase mix in the quarter and also our performance growth in the performance channels, again, they did in the early part of the year, specifically in the Q2, to just kind of confirm that. And why did we see some more opportunities there? Well, we always test the amount of kind of elasticity and what the potential is to increase growth rates to return for investment. We're testing constantly in those channels, as I mentioned, a very dynamic and real-time testing kind of what we see as opportunity. And we saw a little bit more opportunity to drive growth without dropping ROI very much, if that makes sense. The prior elasticity test we had during the year would say that if you were wanting to drive a lot of growth, you have a high reduction in ROI. We saw some opportunities in some of our key channels to drive some more growth with less of a drop in ROI. We thought that was a smart thing to actually do. So that accounts for a number of things we've already talked about. It accounts for kind of why our performance in marketing spend was perhaps a little bit higher than many people have estimated. But as we commented upon the performance in room night, that was part of the reason why we're able to do better, and we know that's not the only reason why we're able to do better in the room nights. And that's why we lent into those channels a little bit more in Q3 than we expected to when we gave our guidance. There were some other factors, of course, that we're very much at the top of our mind when we gave that guidance at the start of the quarter. I mentioned there are other unusual patterns we were seeing in July. In August, those started to get better. Particularly, the whole weather situation in Europe got better, both in terms of the heat wave breaking in the north and the scorch wave breaking in the south. So those are all contributing factors but specifically related to the channels, I think, that gives you some color.
Glenn Fogel: I would just probably just add that -- and I understand where people are coming for all these questions and looking at the numbers for sort of guidance was. But what I continue to try and do is have our investors and people that are looking at our company is focus on the long term, what we're trying to grow, what we're trying to build, what's going to be great for customers and partners. So in the long run, we're able to achieve the mission, which really is to help people experience the world no -- to experience the world with less friction and more profits for us. That's what we're trying to do here. And some quarters are going to be better than expected. Some quarters are perhaps not going to be as good. And there's so much -- and again, I'll use the word dynamic. We got a lot of players in a market that are also bidding against us. Bidding their own strategies, brand advertising. We are trying to figure out what works, what doesn't work, lots of factors happening.  But as long as we continue to build our products, make things better for the customers, create what I talked on the past about this holistic system that really makes it easier for people to travel. As long as we focus on that and continue to do that, I believe, in the long run, we will continue to grow this company at a reasonable rate. And as we said so many times, we're still a single digit in accommodations in the whole industry. So that's a lot of ramp left.
Operator: And our next question comes from Douglas Anmuth with JPMorgan.
Douglas Anmuth: Maybe a good segue into something that's not marketing-related. But Glenn, just hoping you can talk a little bit more about nonhotel accommodations just pass through the busiest part of the season. How do you sum up where you are here in terms of supply, the value proposition to consumers and also awareness in how that ties into your key priorities as you look into '19?
Glenn Fogel: Yes. Look, it's incredibly important. We believe it's a great opportunity. We reported listing is up 21% year-over-year. You got to have the actual supply to actually book anything. If you don't have that, then you're not going to be able to move business, so that's a good start. But we've also talked in the past about the need to spend money to improve all the different things that need to be done to make a host, the person who's -- owns that property, be willing to rent it out to somebody. And we need to get the awareness to the demand side to get them to know, hey, we got this great product, come and get it. That's a lot of effort. And we were starting from behind from some of our competitors, no doubt about that. That being said, we talked about things that we built, and I talked a little bit about it in my prepared remarks, about some of the stuff that we've been building. And it's really a long-term project. This is not going to be done in a quarter or 2 quarters, even a year. But it's something that is a long-term thing that we absolutely believe in, and we believe that we're going to be able to continue to do it in the way that we think is the best way, and that's having both hotels and home properties on the same site. So the customer sees both products right there, sees the reviews right there. And we believe that you don't hit somebody with a traveler's fee at the end. And we believe incredibly important is the ability to do it on an instant-booking basis, so that when a customer is ready to purchase, it's done. It's not going back and forth, back and forth. And one of the things in that, though, is that there's an issue of trust. And that some of the tools we talked about for the host to be able to build some of the tools to make those hosts feel comfortable in an instant-booking area. So lots of things to be done, but it's an important part of what we're trying to build here. And I've seen -- as I mentioned earlier, seen people the first time they ever booked with us is booking a home product, loving that.
Operator: And our next question comes from Naved Khan with SunTrust.
Naved Khan: It's Naved Khan from SunTrust. Maybe two questions. So can you just maybe talk a little bit about the China outbound demand and maybe plans for HotelsCombined now that you've gotten approval from Europe for acquiring that business? And then I had a follow-up on metasearch.
Glenn Fogel: So question -- first question, HotelsCombined, and I may have missed it. I'm not -- I don't believe we actually got the final approval yet. So we're going to pass on that question. So your question about meta in general?
Naved Khan: Yes. And then just, along with HotelsCombined now, so wanted to know if you're willing to provide some color on China outbound demand, what are the -- any kind of trends you might be willing to share.
Glenn Fogel: China outbound. Yes, look, incredibly important. I love saying it, so I'll say it again. I love China see how the locomotive, the travel train. I just saw some interesting statistics that I thought were indicative of how important this can be. So 2014, there were 55 million Chinese passports they could use to go outbound. 2017, it's 120 million passports. That shows kind of the growth. People don't get a passport unless you intend to actually go out of the country. China is also making things, making it easier for a Chinese tourist to go out. So in 2015, there were 46 countries that were visa-free. Now there are 74 countries, makes it a lot easier to go. As the -- and this is anywhere in the world. When the economy is doing well, as people get more money, they want to travel more. And in China, when the person is able to afford to travel outside China, they want to go. If you look at some of the social stuff going on, social media, people putting out their pictures of visiting London, in Paris and Rome and all that. But it's more than that. It's all over the world, and I've talked about the times being in Alaska seeing Chinese tourists, being in Iceland seeing Chinese tourists. It is so important for us to be able to get a good share of that product, and that's why we're doing a lot of effort. We have over 1,000 people in China working for us there. I think we have either a dozen or 14 offices in China. We have made -- as you know, we've made some significant investments to have good partners in China. We invested in Ctrip some time ago. We invested in Meituan, and we recently made an investment in DiDi. By making these investments, we are getting different ways to reach the Chinese tourists, so that we can show them all the great things that we offer to them. So when they want to travel, we've got what they need. And we're excited about it. We're pleased about it. And we think it's going to have a long-term benefit to our company.
David Goulden: And Glenn, if I can just pick up the point on meta because that was in the first question. For obvious reason, we're not in the so-called HotelsCombined because we have not got the final approvals yet. So we've been working down that path nicely. But what I would say is that we think the meta segment is very important. And it is a segment because I think are a group of people who will always want to go a meta first before choosing their travel, and there are other people who are prepared to build their longest-term relationships with the OTA platforms. And we think that winning model is a global multi-platform model, which we are building in the meta space. So we think it's a very important part of our strategy, and people shouldn't get confused. We don't think it's necessarily competitive with our parts of the business. It's complementary because it addresses a segment of the marketplace that just prefers to go there first, and we want to have a great solution for those customers as well.
Naved Khan: That's helpful. And just on the -- your commentary on meta. So now that you are sort of lapping the changes you made last year, the ROI changes, do you see more room for improving ROI there? Or do you think that they're at their appropriate level for now?
David Goulden: Well, in terms of meta as a channel now for our businesses, I think we are now will be fully lapping in the Q4. The areas where there was the biggest share shift in terms of the changes that we made when we started our ROI authorization effort was, in fact, in meta, so we should get benefits in their Q4 over Q4. But we like our ROI approach. We think that what we've done is -- got things to a level that works nicely for us and for our business. So now we're lapping those, and we're looking incrementally opportunities just like I mentioned we did with other channels in the Q3.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray.
Mike Olson: One follow-up on homes. Have you been able to decipher whether or not vacation homes are mostly additive or cannibalistic to traditional bookings? And then separately, on experiences. Should we think about this as being a significant area of investment in the near future? Or is it fairly minor relative to your spend in other categories? Just wondering how that stacks up on the priority list.
Glenn Fogel: I'm sorry, could you read that second one again, Mike?
Mike Olson: Experiences, just wondering where it stacks up on the priority list and how much the near-term investments need to be there.
Glenn Fogel: All right. So in terms of cannibalistic in terms of homes, I don't usually think of it that way, really. I think about providing the choices. On what the consumer decide, it's fine by us. It's not our decision to try and direct them one way or the other. We do recognize, though, if we don't have the home, we may lose somebody who wanted a home, even though they may come to us and want to check out the hotels and we don't have the home. That may be a negative. We've always said that it's important for us to try and get every single type of accommodation on that platform. It's homes, apartments, it's -- we say a unique place to stay. We really mean unique. We're talking about yurts. We're talking igloos in the winter. We're talking everything there. That way, by providing that incredible breadth, really makes it more appealing to the consumer that when they want to travel or thinking on what they're going to do, they come to us. They know they're going to be able to get what they want on our side. Now in terms of experiences, in the long run, it is important. It's not something that we're going to just go 1 million miles an hour right now and crash the income statement by just throwing money at it to build out the thing, but it's something that is very, very important. And the reason is not only the money that it will bring to the bottom line, the incremental EBITDA, but we also believe, in the long run, it goes to that thing that I've talked about so many times, is providing that system that makes it easier and better for the person to travel. And I've experienced it myself as a consumer. I use it. And in cities where we have these things like experiences, it's just been a wonderful thing to be able just to show that QR code off the Booking.com app, skip the line to go on to the [indiscernible] or go up to the castle at the top of the mountain and celebrate. I did that. And I said, this is great. And that's the type of thing we do, so to build loyalty, it'll make it easier. So there's a lot of compound besides just getting the incremental amount of money out of that one transaction.
Operator: And our next question comes from Anthony DiClemente with Evercore.
Anthony DiClemente: I have two. Glenn, the hotel suppliers themselves have been out there talking about the success of their own direct-to-consumer initiatives. They're competing to grow direct relationships with their guests as you are. So I guess, the question is, how is that going? How much of your spend on brand is really to actually compete with what amounts of your suppliers were trying to build those same direct relationships in the channel? And then, second question would be for, I guess, either David or Glenn. What's the right capital structure for Booking Holdings is? Is the business overcapitalized relative to what really is steady cash flows over time? So maybe just talking about the puts and takes of stock buybacks versus a strategic M&A versus the releases of your capital would be really helpful.
Glenn Fogel: So our business is based on creating a great relationship both with people who want to stay in accommodation and people who are supplying the accommodation. And whether it be a large multinational, international chain or a single little hotel owner in the middle of some small village in France, it's always trying to provide value to them, as we provide value to the demand side. And sure, I've seen the edge for some of the large international chains, and nothing wrong with that. They want to attract people to come to them directly. They think it may be cheaper for them to do that. There's nothing wrong with that. We have a great relationship. I'd point out that the international large chain is actually a small portion of our business. We've talked about in the past, about 15% of our business. But we want to do everything that we can to be helpful and help make their business better. That's how we win in the long run. And we do provide a lot of value. We have the largest demand platform in the world for accommodations. So anybody who has a hotel and wants to fill a bed with a body and make some money, we're the people to come to. And some of the stuff that we do doing over 40 languages, over 40 languages, and doing customer service in these languages, we paid for that. That was [indiscernible] That's our cost. Doing all of the marketing that we do, those things are done more efficiently than almost any hotel could do on their own. And they'll find that efficiency, we're providing that value to these hotels. I want to -- I read about this and I hear about people saying the fight between the people like us and the hotels, and I really wish people would stop thinking this is a sporting event, a boxing thing or something like that. This is a thing where, sure, people want to attract people to their own site to say, look, why don't you come to us direct, too? I don't wanted to pay money for marketing. But in the end, I really want to change the -- just the tone of everything, so that we see that we're really helping each other. And this is really a symbiotic relationship. And I'll let David talk about capital structure.
David Goulden: Yes. Anthony, obviously, capital structure could be a very long topic, and we've only got a couple of minutes for it. So I'll try and give you the kind of a higher view. First of all, I think you have to step back and look at we try to do with the business. There is a huge travel market opportunity out there, and we only have -- we have a single-digit share of the combination segment where we are the strongest. Therefore, we have a lower single-digit share of the broader travel marketplace. And our mission is to build out the best online global travel marketplace on the planet, offering choice, value, service and seamlessness for our customers. And that price is a huge price. And that is a price, I think, everybody wants us to go forward and try to develop. So that is our primary mission in life, and we are fortunate to have financial resources to be able to do that and, of course, be able to return significant amounts of money to our shareholders. Now that ability to return to shareholders as aggressively as we can right now has been aided by the Tax Act that is relatively new. I think that the commitment to return $10 billion over the next 2 to 3 years is a very important step forward. But I do want to put it in the context that broader opportunity to invest both organically and inorganically in building out this incredibly large opportunity we have in front of us where I think we have the ability to generate something, which is of significant value for our customers, our shareholders, for our partners, which is kind of our primary mission in life. So if that helps, that's how we think about it.
Operator: And our next question comes from James Hardiman with Wedbush.
James Hardiman: You've touched on this a little bit but maybe clarify a little bit. You had a strong finish to the third quarter and then better-than-expected guidance for the fourth quarter. I'm trying to figure out how much of that is momentum versus coincidence. Obviously, you don't give us a fourth quarter guide until now. But you spoke to a delayed summer travel booking scenario. I wouldn't think that, that would affect the fourth quarter very much. But I guess, at the end of the day, I'm trying to get at, are you more optimistic about the fourth quarter today than you were 3 months ago? And then maybe as somewhat of a side, maybe talk a little bit geographically. Europe was called out as maybe a headwind to overall growth last time we talked. Obviously, the mix of Europe changes in the fourth quarter. But I'm just trying to figure out if that's sort of resolved itself and whether or not Europe is a headwind or a tailwind as we look into the fourth quarter and beyond.
David Goulden: Yes, James, let me start with that. So to answer the direct question, are we more optimistic about Q4 now than we were when we did our guidance last time? Yes. I think we're pretty clear last time when we were guiding, we were sitting looking at June and the July period, which were impacted by some macro facets that were out of our control, Europe being biggest in the marketplace was going through the most ridiculous weather pattern we've ever seen where the south was -- sorry, where the north was kind of warm and dry, and people didn't want to go anywhere vacation; and the south was basically in the 40s and raining, and people didn't want to go there. So that really affected our business. We couldn't predict when that was going to change, and that was also compounded by the World Cup going on, which, again, had big impacts on Europe, with big countries doing well in the tournament. So we were seeing that looking at a high degree of uncertainty. As I mentioned, as we developed through the quarter, things got better. Things got better than we expected in most of our geographies. And Europe was certainly the biggest one, and things did improve in Europe. And obviously, we ended the quarter at a higher growth rate than the average for the quarter because we commented that we expect a deceleration back on our August call. So we are looking at Q4 from a stronger lens than we expected to be, if things hadn't improved. And as I mentioned, our guidance for Q4 would reflect some deceleration from what we saw from a growth rate in October. So those are the factors, which we are looking at. And hopefully, that clarifies the puts and takes. But the short answer to the question is, yes, we are in a stronger position about our view of Q4 now than we would have been, if things have not improved in Q3, which is what we've built into our Q3 guidance.
James Hardiman: Got it. And the geographic question, it sounds like Europe, the concerns there have largely been alleviated. Is Europe now a tailwind to growth going forward?
David Goulden: I'm not going to get into the relative growth rate of different segments. But obviously, a lot of the things that were out of our control, we talked how it impacted our view of the world in early Q3 were happening in Europe. And yes, we talked about some level of acceleration from Q2 into Q3, and we saw that across most of our major geographies.
Operator: And our last question comes from Deepak Mathivanan with Barclays.
Deepak Mathivanan: Just a question on the 50% transaction mix from mobile. As mobile ramped over the last several quarters, has there been a meaningful change on repeat behavior cost of customer acquisition that could potentially be an incremental positive to unit economics going forward as -- given that we have now crossed our significant treasure hold in terms of 50%? And is the mix between paid and organic significantly the front on mobile devices?
Glenn Fogel: So we don't -- we're not going to get into talking about the relative costs for mobile or desktop. I would, of course, caution the obvious thing, but some people seem to sometimes forget this that mobile does not mean app and does not mean free. So I just want to make sure everybody is on the same page on that one because it's not. We are very pleased now because we believe, as people continue to move towards the mobile device and doing all of their -- doing their travel with a mobile, it gives us a great opportunity to continue to work with the customer throughout the trip, providing them with more services, more things and making them better experience, make their travel better, so that they are then more loyal to come back to us again because we're offering always great things on the mobile. That's the good part about mobile. That's where it's really at. And I wouldn't get too much to wrap around whether or not the cost is higher or lower. Again, these are competitive markets. And over time, I imagine they're probably going to end up in an area where the equilibrium is not that different in desktop, who knows. That's my point about mobile. Dave, if you want to add anything to that.
David Goulden: No, Glenn. I think that's the key point. The key point is that when we talk about the trip and be able to interact with the customer during their trip, their mobile device is always with them. It's always on. The desktop, they can go back to it occasionally, but they tend not to take the desktop with them. So if they open their laptops at night, maybe they [indiscernible] may want to try today. But the mobile device is there the entire time. So it's a very strategic shift in the business and particularly as we build out all the aspects of the trip. We like our customers interacting with us much more often on mobile than they can on a desktop device.
Glenn Fogel: So thank you for joining us for the call today. Very pleased with our quarterly results, and we remain very excited about the future prospects of the company. I look forward to updating you after our fourth quarter call. Thank you very much, and good night.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-09 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Glenn Fogel - President, CEO & Director  David Goulden - EVP & CFO
Analysts: Brian Fitzgerald - Jefferies Mark May - Citigroup Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company Douglas Anmuth - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Naved Khan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Deepak Mathivanan - Barclays Bank Brad Erickson - Pacific Crest
Operator: Welcome to Booking Holdings Second Quarter 2018 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings' actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the safe harbor statements at the end of Booking Holdings' earnings press release as well as Booking Holdings' most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings' earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings' website, www.bookingholdings.com.  And now I'd like to introduce Booking Holdings speakers for this morning, Glenn Fogel and David Goulden. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Glenn Fogel: Good morning, and thank you for joining this morning's call. I want to start by apologizing for rescheduling the call from last evening to this morning. We needed the additional time to complete our checks on room nights and gross bookings.  Now turning to our results for the quarter. I am pleased to report Booking Holdings performed well during the second quarter. Our revenue increased 20% year-over-year in U.S. dollars or about 16% on a constant currency basis. And adjusted EBITDA grew 35% year-over-year to approximately $1.3 billion. Our worldwide 191 million booked room nights was an increase of 12% year-over-year, exceeding the high end of our guidance range. Consolidated gross bookings were up 15% year-over-year in U.S. dollars or about 11% on a constant currency basis. While we are pleased with our financial results, we saw slower-than-expected room night growth towards the end of the quarter, which we believe is due in part to a greater-than-expected impact from the World Cup, in combination with some unusual weather in some of our core European markets which extended into the third quarter. David will provide further details on this in his remarks. Our performance marketing ROI optimization has continued to impact year-over-year growth rates, as has slower growth in some performance marketing channels. We have talked about this in the past about our desire to decrease our historical dependency on performance marketing channels and increase our direct business. At this time, we are pleased with the trends we are seeing in our traffic mix. Our direct channel, which represents approximately 50% of our total booked room nights, is not only one of our fastest-growing channels but also represents a significant source of new users to our platform. These are important metrics we use to evaluate the long-term health of our business, which you can see in our strong bottom line results. A year ago, I talked about the importance of measuring the effectiveness of our paid channels, and we will continually evaluate the efficiency of our performance marketing spend in paid channels. We said we would deploy capital in the channels that offer us attractive ROIs and provide the best user experience for our customers. Our strategy has not changed since then, and we remain open to leaning into channels that make themselves more attractive to us as an advertiser, work with us to improve the customer experience and help us build our brand.  Regarding brand marketing. We have not been able to ramp the spend as quickly as we had hoped in the first half of the year. But we believe we are exercising appropriate prudence regarding new brand campaigns and channels. And we remain confident that over time, we will build a strong brand marketing effort, which, in the long term, will produce a beneficial impact and increase our direct business. Overall, we are executing on our long-term strategies that we outlined at the end of last year, which is to provide a more holistic travel experience for our customers in order to further drive loyalty and build a larger direct brand.  Providing the most accommodation choice with the best customer value and experience is a key piece of this strategy, and I am pleased with our progress in building a leading alternative accommodations platform. As of June 30, Booking.com had a total of approximately 28.8 million reported listings, consisting of approximately 23.3 million reported listings in hotels, motels and resorts; and approximately 5.5 million reported listings in homes, apartments and other unique places to stay. Reported listings for our alternative accommodation category was up 23% year-over-year. And booked alternative accommodation room nights continues to grow faster than our consolidated growth rate, which shows that our focus on providing maximum choice for our customers is delivering results. Providing local experiences, in-stay services and ground transportation are also important components of our holistic travel vision. And we are in the early stages of building a robust local experience product through both organic investment in acquisitions such as FareHarbor, which we announced last quarter. While the volume of attractions and other travel-related services is still very small compared to the size of our accommodation business, we are happy to report that the foundational blocks are being laid. And we believe that in the long term, providing a frictionless booking and payment experience in this area will be a competitive advantage.  As we have said in prior calls, the APAC region remains an important growth market for us, and we continue to make investments in this region. Agoda is growing faster than our consolidated growth rate. China remains a focus of ours, and we are building there organically as well as through strategic partnerships. The recently announced DiDi investment and strategic relationship is an example of this strategy. We are pleased about this partnership and potential to help both DiDi's and our customers travel in a more seamless way.  Also during the quarter, we announced the acquisition of HotelsCombined, a leading hotel metasearch brand with a strong presence in several APAC markets. HotelsCombined will report into KAYAK and will further help us become the global market meta leader through increased scale, greater geographic breadth in the world's fastest-growing region and expanded hotel and affiliate services. We hope to close this transaction later this year.  In summary, we produced a solid quarter with industry-leading cash flow and margins. We continue to invest in the business for the long term and remain focused on driving quality growth that we believe will make us a stronger and more competitive player in this enormous global travel market opportunity. I will now turn the call over to our CFO, David Goulden, for the detailed financial review.
David Goulden: Thank you, Glenn, and good morning. I'll discuss our operating results and cash flows for the second quarter, and then provide guidance for the third quarter of 2018. All growth rates are relative to the prior year comparable period, unless otherwise indicated. As we discussed last quarter, all year-over-year growth rates referenced in my remarks and Q3 guidance will compare the current year income statement under the new revenue accounting standard to the prior year under the previous accounting standard. Gross bookings and other metrics, like room night reservations, are not impacted by the new revenue accounting standard. Our non-GAAP financial results and forecast includes stock-based compensation and are reconciled to our GAAP results in our earnings release.  Now on to our results for the quarter. In the second quarter, our strategy to optimize performance marketing ROIs drove significant improvement in our operating margins. The result was a third quarter in a row of expanding adjusted EBITDA margins and bottom line performance that substantially exceeded our guidance range and FactSet analyst estimates. Room nights booked in Q2 grew 12%, which beat the high end of our guidance range. Stayed room nights in Q2 grew faster than booked room nights. As I mentioned on the last call, we have factored some impact from the World Cup into our room night guidance for June. I also commented that the actual impact was difficult to predict. We observed that the impact during the World Cup period in late June, but also running into early July, was larger than we had estimated, in part due to many of our larger booking country's national teams making it deep into the tournament. We also believe that unusually warm and dry weather in Northern Europe during the World Cup period had a compounding impact on bookings. Post-World Cup, we've seen a pickup in bookings in Europe, although the unusual warm and dry weather in Northern Europe continues.  Average daily rates for accommodations, or ADRs, were relatively flat for Q2 versus prior year on a constant currency basis, which was better than our forecast of down about 1%. Foreign exchange rates favorably impacted Q2 growth rates in U.S. dollars by about 400 basis points. However, given the strengthening of the U.S. dollar since our last guidance, exchange rates for the quarter were unfavorable by about 100 basis points from that time. Q2 gross bookings grew by 15%, expressed in U.S. dollars, and grew by about 11% on a constant currency basis, coming in about 2 percentage points above the high end of our guidance range. Consolidated revenue for the second quarter was $3.5 billion and grew by 20% in U.S. dollars and by about 16% on a constant currency basis. Future revenue include $40 million from the Momondo Group, an acquisition we closed in July 2017. Revenue for the second quarter of 2018 under the current revenue standard was about the same as it would have been reported under the previous revenue standard. Advertising and other revenue, which is mainly comprised of non-intercompany revenues from KAYAK and OpenTable, grew 34% in Q2 compared to the prior year, including revenue from Momondo.  GAAP operating income grew by 37%, and GAAP operating margins increased by 432 basis points compared to Q2 of last year. GAAP net income amounted to $977 million or $20.13 per share, which grew by 40%. Our GAAP net income includes a $21.8 million benefit related to an unrealized gain on our equity investment in Ctrip, which is now recorded in the income statement rather than the balance sheet due to an accounting change that took effect in Q1. We excluded this unrealized gain from our non-GAAP results. Our GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 19.2%, which was a little better than forecasted. Adjusted EBITDA for Q2 amounted to $1.313 billion and grew by 35%. Adjusted EBITDA also excludes the previously mentioned Ctrip gain. Our adjusted EBITDA margin of 37% was substantially better than our forecast, due mainly to performance marketing efficiency, higher revenue in the quarter and lower-than-expected spending on brand marketing due to the factors that Glenn discussed, plus some timing, primarily in digital channels. As expected, non-marketing OpEx pressured year-over-year margins as we continue to invest in new markets and new capabilities, as Glenn described in his remarks. Our non-GAAP EPS was $20.67, up 36% versus the prior year. Non-GAAP net income reflects a non-GAAP tax charge of 19 point -- tax rate of 19.3% in Q2, which increased from the prior year due to the impacts of the U.S. Tax Act and the higher Innovation Box tax rates in the Netherlands. Our cash and investments amounted to $16.8 billion at quarter-end.  In Q2, we generated $1.6 billion of operating cash flow, which grew by 35% compared to the prior year. Our free cash flow for the quarter was $1.5 billion, which is 35% higher than Q2 of '17. We returned about $1.2 billion during the second quarter to our shareholders through share buybacks. Since the start of the year, we reduced our fully diluted share count by approximately 2%. As of June 30, we had approximately $8.6 billion remaining of our share purchase reauthorization. We continue to be both programmatic and opportunistic with regard to our repurchases and, under stable business and market conditions, expect to complete this authorization within the remainder of the 2 to 3 year time period we talked about last quarter.  Turning to Q3. Our guidance reflects our quarter-to-date actual results and assumes that our growth rates will decelerate over the remainder of the quarter, mainly due to the size of our business and consistent with long-term trends. Our approach to guidance has not changed. Foreign exchange rates are expected to be an approximately 200 basis point headwind to year-over-year growth rates in Q3, which represents an approximately 300 basis points unfavorable change from where FX rates were at the end of April and approximately 200 basis points from the date of our last earnings call. We used a dollar to euro exchange rate of 1.17 when setting our Q3 guidance. We are forecasting booked room nights to grow by 69% and total gross bookings to grow by 3% to 6% in U.S. dollars and by 5% to 8% on a constant currency basis. Our Q3 forecast assumes that constant currency accommodation ADRs for the company will be about flat compared to prior year. We forecast Q3 revenue to grow by 6% to 9% in U.S. dollars and by 8% to 11% on a constant currency basis. Q3 adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $2.3 billion and $2.36 billion, which represents 5% to 8% growth versus prior year. We forecast that adjusted EBITDA margin will be slightly lower than Q3 last year. Our Q3 forecast assumes that our ROI optimization efforts will continue to yield year-on-year performance marketing efficiency. However, we expect the year-over-year improvements to moderate as we begin to lap these optimization efforts, which started in the middle of Q3 last year. We expect the deleverage from our investments in brand marketing and non-marketing OpEx expenses will more than offset the leverage from performance marketing in the quarter. On the last call, we commented that deleverage from non-marketing OpEx and brand marketing will diminish in the second half as we lap investments we made last year. We expect this to continue to be the case for non-marketing OpEx. But due to the phasing of our brand spending, we expect deleverage in the second half of the year.  We forecast GAAP EPS to be between $35.85 and $36.85 for Q3, which represents 4% to 7% growth versus prior year. Our EPS guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of about 48 million shares, which reflects a beneficial impact of our -- the common stock repurchases we made to date. Our GAAP EPS guidance for Q3 assumes a tax rate of approximately 21% compared to the prior tax rate of 17%. Our current year tax rate is higher than last year due to impacts of the U.S. Tax Act as well as the increased rate of Innovation Box Tax in the Netherlands. We're forecasting Q3 non-GAAP EPS of approximately $36.70 to $37.70, which represents 4% to 7% growth versus prior year. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast includes an estimated income tax rate of approximately 21%, which is higher than the prior year rate of 17%, due to the same reasons I just discussed for the GAAP rates. We have hedged contracts in place to substantially shield our third quarter EBITDA and net earnings from any further fluctuation in currencies versus the dollar between now and the end of the quarter, but the hedges do not protect our gross bookings, revenue or operating profit from the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. Our forecast does not assume any significant change in macroeconomic conditions in general or in the travel market in particular.  With that, we'll now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Brian Nowak from Morgan Stanley.
Brian Nowak: I have two. The first one, on the performance marketing optimization. Just curious, as we think into the back half and into 2019, philosophically, are you still looking for further areas for ROI and performance optimization of business more efficient that we should expect to go into the back half and into next year? And then secondly, on Europe. Just kind of looking for any further color on the growth of your largest business in Europe as you're guiding to a single-digit overall room night growth. How should we think about the potential for European growth rate over the next, call it, 2 years or so, given how large the business is at this point?
Glenn Fogel: Brian, it's Glenn. I'll give my comments on this first, then I'm going to give David a chance to give his opinion on all of this. So regarding optimization, and we've talked about this in the past, about our reasoning why we decided to optimize and what we're trying to do in terms of building out a much more powerful and, we think, very important to us brand and direct marketing approach. It's very hard to predict in these very dynamic pay-for-performance markets what's going to happen because there are so many influences that are coming in and particularly what your competitor is going to do. But what I want to point out is what I said in my prepared remarks, and it really comes down to what we said when we first started this almost a year ago. I think almost exactly a year ago, I said this. For those advertising platforms that are willing to work cooperatively with us so that together, we can build better business for both of us to create something that is a great customer experience, something that helps build our brand, something that again is not something that is sort of competitive but is cooperative, we're always willing to lean in and work with them. And we've been doing it with a number of them. Some are more cooperative than others. So in terms of the answer to that, it really depends also on how others are going to act. In regards to Europe, yes, we have a big business in Europe. But -- and it is our biggest geographical area. But I still want to point out, it's still a relatively small part of the overall travel business in Europe. And we have a lot of ramp left both in our core business, which I would consider to be our hotels in urban areas, but then there's even more opportunity in all the other areas, as we talked about building out NHA, which is a very fast site, non-hotel accommodation. It is a very fast-growing area. And then we've talked a bit about the holistic travel service that we want to provide. So I think there's still a lot of opportunity there. We are at different stages of development in all of it. But I do not believe that this is something where we are running out of ramp at all. And I'll turn it over to David.
David Goulden: Thanks, Glenn. No, I think I would just reinforce that as we've been looking into the market opportunity, even in our strongest markets, there's a lot of what I'll call white space. And it's an opportunity for us to grow, not only in the new areas, but also in the core hotel areas where we have obviously very strong shares in certain particular types of travel and less strong share in other travel. So we think there's a lot of growth opportunity over and above what the market growth rates are sitting in Europe. And going back to performance marketing optimization, I think Glenn again summarized it very well. These are dynamic marketplaces. Obviously, you saw we had very good results in the Q2 and much beyond what we guided to in terms of optimization, driving a number of the -- a large piece of our overachieve in Q2. I think we recognize that these are important channels. We continue to look for ways to optimize, but they're also growth channels for us as well. So there's always a balance. But as Glenn said, we -- it is a dynamic marketplace. It's a little bit difficult to predict. I think we are in a fairly good position in terms of our optimization right now in terms of the balance between growth and profitability. But there are always areas where we're experimenting constantly in these channels is probably the best way to summarize it.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mark May from Citi.
Mark May: I know it's probably nitpicking, but just obvious question would be, if it's possible in any way to quantify the incremental impact that you think you had from World Cup that you weren't anticipating as well as some of the poor weather. Also, I think in the past, you said that weather tends to not be a focus as consumers tend to be pretty flexible. But why is that not necessarily the case this time around? And just on a follow-up, what, if any, impact are you seeing with Google's news and changes in the hotel search arena in terms of your share of overall travel traffic from that channel?
David Goulden: So Mark, let me take the first one and hand to Glenn for the second one. So pretty helpful to start by explaining what impact we have built into our Q2 guidance for World Cup. And as I mentioned on the last call, the main factors here, including what teams did, so I'll start off by saying we had a little less than 0.5 point built in to our guidance. What we saw was a combinatorial factor. We saw a lot of the teams are big booking countries, many of those are sitting in Northern Europe. Having an unusual weather period during the World Cup, in fact, I was in Holland a lot during that period of time, and you could just see the activity. And we believe the combination of those 2 things had a bigger factor than we expected. Hard to quantify because it's hypothetical, but certainly enough to mention and point out. We did notice that, again, as I said in my remarks, that at the end of the World Cup, because the World Cup obviously impacted the last two weeks in June, impacted the first 2 weeks in July, bear in mind that several larger booker countries made it all the way to the semifinals.  And historically, we have found that when teams are doing well in the World Cup, there is an impact on bookings. You can see it during the game. You can also see it over a period of time as well. So it did roll into July. So we want to comment on that as well. And what we've commented after the end of World Cup, we saw a bounce back in bookings in Europe, but the weather is sufficiently noticeable to comment about it. We're going through a very unusual weather pattern in Europe right now. In the Northern countries, temperatures are in the 30s in terms of Celsius; and in Southern Europe, they're in the 40s, making it less pleasant than usual to want to go sit on a beach when it's 110 degrees. So I think others have commented upon that. We wanted to point it out. The World Cup had a factor in our Q3 guide. The ongoing weather has a bit of a factor as well. And we do see it in -- when we look at the numbers of people traveling from Northern Europe to Southern Europe, we see an impact. So we just wanted to call it out and explain this kind of built in to the way we're thinking about the business this quarter.
Glenn Fogel: And regarding Google, I'd want to emphasize a couple of things. One, we have been working with Google for a very, very long time. Symbiotic relationship helps build both of our businesses in the travel vertical, and we're continuing to do that. And we are pleased with where our share is in Google in all their different products right now. And they continue to develop new products, new ways to reach out to their customers to provide their customers with a good experience. And we work with them and provide that travel service to our customers. And it's really worked well for us over the last more than a decade, and I think it's going to continue to work that way. Clearly, in certain parts of the world where travel growth is faster, Google has less of an ability to get customers. I, of course, speak to China right away. I mean, that's an area where, as of today, Google would not be a supplier of customers to us of any great state. So we are going to continue to work with them well. And I have confidence that we're going to have a good relation going forward, and we're always looking forward to the new things they're working on because that can help our business.
Operator: And our next question comes from Lloyd Walmsley from Deutsche Bank.
Lloyd Walmsley: I have two, if I can. First, just asking a question in another way. Given your view that there's a lot of room left in the core markets and in your newer NHA markets, are you guys happy with the outlook for single-digit room night growth? Or is your base case that you can grow faster than that looking out over the next few years, given the runway left? And then second one, just kind of strategically, as you guys shift the focus beyond hotels, it seems like the different products are still a bit siloed. So I'm just wondering what the strategy is for integrating your experience. Is that effort being led by the Booking.com team? And what kind of product investments do you need to make here? Whether that's building out individual products, building an underlying platform and like, do you see risk at core hotel conversion as you develop this strategy of kind of a more holistic travel product? Just curious if you can share some thoughts there.
Glenn Fogel: Sure. So it's Glenn speaking. Referring back to the growth area, you said, are we happy? I will just make the statement that I am never happy no matter how fast we're growing, I always want to do it faster. So let's just lay that down. I'm a competitive person, our teams are competitive, everybody in this organization is competitive, and we always want to win and do more no matter what level we're at. Now your question about, are we kind of in single digit, are we going to be in single digit? Part of our belief is that, and this is one David mentioned a little bit about, is optimization in choosing profit versus growth. And we want to do things in a smart way. And one can always buy more growth, and it depends on what cost. And is that long-term benefit to the franchise or not? Right now, we're at a stage where we're happy where we are and the way we're investing and the way we're getting the bottom line where we are. Clearly, we believe that building out this holistic travel system should provide a much better solution for customers around the world who want to travel. And we expect that competitive benefit to accrue to us. Now you'd make a point, though, on this holistic thing and having these siloed different companies in our organization, are we going to make changes there? Well, I would point out we're already doing that. And we made the thing earlier in the year of noting that our rental cars company, which wasn't more of an independent company, has now been put under the Booking.com umbrella to make sure that the customers are getting the most frictionless, seamless way to use ground transportation services. And it's more than just rental cars, it's all elements of ground transportation that we're building. So that's an example of what we're doing. And we're doing it in other areas, too, and I don't want to get into too much of the details, but we have Agoda and Priceline doing a lot of back-end work together. There's a lot of things happening under the hood to help build out this system. Now you're right to mention the point about what sort of risks does that bring on, and does that -- first, does that do anything that's going to put a risk to the hotel, the core hotel business? We're aware of that potential, and that's why we always want to guard against it and make sure we're doing things in the right way to do it with the right checks so that we don't end up doing anything that could influence the core business in a negative way. So I think we have it under control. I think we're doing it the right way. And I'm pleased where we're and the position of where we're going.
Operator: And our next question comes from Mark Mahaney from RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Mahaney: I'll just ask about the advertising strategy, the kind of the toggle away from performance marketing towards brand advertising. And I think you'd said that you'd -- it sounds like you weren't able to spend as quickly as you wanted in brand advertising, so if you could explain that a little bit more. Is it that the pricing wasn't -- you couldn't find the right channels? The brand pricing, the ROI on that spend wasn't as favorable as you would have liked so you didn't spend that? Just explain a little bit more why the toggle over the brand advertising didn't occur as rapidly as you wanted. And maybe also bigger picture, when you think about this, the goal seems very clear, build up customer loyalty and that it should show up in better margins. But on the -- how are you going to judge yourself how successful this strategy is? Is there a room night goal -- growth goal you're looking for or bookings growth goal? I know you're trying to do both of those, margins and growth, but what's the growth objective you want to get out of switching the advertising over more towards brand advertising?
Glenn Fogel: Mark, yes, the brand, and I wanted to call out that we did not spend as fast as we would have liked. And that's a function of something that we said at the very beginning when we talked about going towards a strategy that would be more direct, which would include building out a bigger brand effort. And I made it very clear at the beginning that we would do this in a prudent way. I used the word prudent. I think I've used the word prudent every time since then because that's how we're doing this. Our DNA is one of experimentation, test, see what the data shows us, and then if things are working, do more of it; if things aren't working, change around, figure out well, what should we adjust to and work on that. It's an iterative process. And there are many things that go in. It's what kind of creative do you have, what are the signals you're getting from that, what channels are you using in it? And of these new channels, relatively new, where it's not just brand on TV, it's all sorts of video, and how are your responses on that going? So over all these things, as we go through it, not that different than when we built out our pay-for-performance thing, is experimentation, results, rinse and repeat. And where we are right now, that's what we thought was the appropriate thing. And it makes no sense in my mind to spend excess money if you think you're not going to get a result out of it. So that's that one. In terms of what's the goal, though, I think the best way we can measure this really is at direct. When you see more and more direct business coming, that's showing your brand effort is working. And that's why I wanted to point out that approximately 50% of our bookings are coming direct, and it's growing. And we're getting new users in that channel. So that's what -- that's sort of like what I'm using as a thermometer, see, is the brand working or not.
Operator: And our next question comes from Justin Post from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post: A couple of things. First, on the market share, you haven't gained as much this year as in prior years. Has anything really changed in June or July? If we see the industry data that you're looking at, do you think you've held up your market share in the last couple of months? Any big changes there? And then, David, on your guidance, did you guide deceleration off of a slow start in July? Or was that off of kind of the more recent improved trends? And then maybe one housekeeping. Your take rates are much higher this quarter, and I'm assuming that's just because the booking growth slowed a bit in your marketing strategy. Was there any change to the underlying take rates in the hotel business?
David Goulden: Justin, thanks. I'll kind of take those in the order which you gave them. So market share, when we look at our share of the total rooms available in our portfolio, which is kind of what we can measure and manage, we see us continuing to gain share on a quarter-by-quarter or on a month-by-month basis, so we're kind of pleased with that number. Some people call that our sell-through rate. But when we look at that, we continue to gain share in what is an expanding portfolio. So we are pleased with that. In terms of the guidance arrangement -- and I want to stress our approach to guidance has not changed. And so that's an important point to take into account. When we gave the guidance, we looked at a number of factors. We did look at what we saw coming out of June and into July, which was obviously impacted by some of the comments I talked about on my earlier remarks. And I also pointed out that the guidance does continue to reflect a deceleration during the rest of the quarter, so potentially some opportunity there. So those are the factors that kind of went into that guidance number. Take rates, nothing particularly -- other than probably the impact of the book-to-stay ratio, you're probably seeing that slightly shortening windows, as we mentioned for the last couple of quarters, just as well as the timing of things in the Q2 quarter. But basically, it's the book-to-stay window, which would probably have the biggest impact upon what you're seeing in take rates.
Operator: And our next question comes from Kevin Kopelman from Cowen and Company.
Kevin Kopelman: Just a couple of questions. First, so just to clarify on previous comments, so you've seen some negative impact from weather. Can you quantify the impact from the Northern Europe heatwave? Or give us any sort of ballpark to what extent you think that's hurt growth? And then to be totally clear there, you've taken -- because that's kind of ongoing, you've taken that rate and slowed it down from there, so you're not assuming a pick-up on better weather. And then I have one more question.
David Goulden: Kevin, so let me pick the -- so yes, to be clear, hard to predict what's going to happen to the weather. I think if anybody knew that, we wouldn't be sitting here. We'd be doing something else. But yes, we've obviously had some impact that we did see in end of July. And we saw impacts of the weather pattern, and we saw impacts of the weather pattern in combination with the second half of the World Cup, and that was factored into our July actuals. So we have, as we normally do, taken an appropriate approach and guided some level of deceleration from that in our Q3 guide. So that's exactly kind of what's -- reiterating what I said in my prepared remarks. And what was your second part of the question?
Kevin Kopelman: Okay. Okay, understood on that part. And then just a question on the direct business. You said it accounts for about 50% of nights. And can you give us more information on how you're defining that? So specifically, are you adjusting out direct nights where users have been influenced by clicking on your online advertising in the prior 30-day period? And in addition, are you including SEO? Are you including brand SCM on branded keywords? And are you including mobile app traffic that may have been driven by advertising? Just so we can understand that metric that you disclosed a little bit better.
David Goulden: Sure. So the direct is basically, users come through non-paid channels, were not paid. So it will include SEO. It would not include brand searches or a brand PBC search. So to be very clear, we're taking a very narrow but I think appropriate definition of direct. I know others have maybe expanded and gone through a slightly broader view, but we're taking a pure view. Obviously, people have come -- from our advertising, that's all well and good. And a lot of that direct traffic, of course, is coming through a mobile with the app. It is an important piece of it, but specifically, where we've not paid for that user when they make a booking.
Operator: And our next question comes from Douglas Anmuth from JPMorgan.
Douglas Anmuth: I definitely appreciate the color on the World Cup and European weather. But just given the fact that the comp is certainly notably easier into 3Q, is there anything else that's impacting room nights and the FX-neutral bookings growth in the third quarter? So that's for David. And then, Glenn, just on China, can you talk a little bit more about the investments in DiDi and Meituan and your strategy here and how they tie operationally to your efforts in China? Should we view the value there more in the equity investments, in the stakes or in how they can help actually drive bookings business?
David Goulden: Yes, Doug, let me take the first part. I'll clarify -- I think by comp, you're talking about the performance marketing optimization comp. So let me just kind of clarify what's going on there. So as we've said, I'll kind of just walk you through the kind of logic here, so performance marketing optimization has obviously benefited our profitability, but over time, it's cost us some amount of growth. But I think we've also pointed out, we do not believe we lost much share across the performance marketing channels in aggregate. Obviously, our spending reduction reduced in -- resulted in reducing growth in those channels is absolute, but we do not believe we lost much share across them in total. And also, last quarter was only a partial quarter of optimization. So we've not really got a full overlap this time. So we don't expect to see significant uptick in growth in Q3 from lapping any change in share in those channels, a, because it wasn't a big change in share; and b, because it's only a partial compare.
Glenn Fogel: And I'll take the -- I'll talk a little bit about the Chinese -- China strategy we have right now. And when we've talked about China, really, it's the locomotive of the growth in worldwide travel industry. In any side you'd look at, you see this huge growth opportunity there. I think I saw a stat that said less than 10% of Chinese citizens have a passport or traveling out of China. So that's a lot of growth potential, and we want to get a good share of that. Now on the flip side of that, though, China is a more difficult place to work for nonlocal players. That's absolutely a truism. So our strategy is to maximize our opportunity, is to both develop our own brand there, develop our own abilities within China and, at the same time, establish partnerships with companies that have great customer bases with people who are using the Internet to do things. So we mentioned DiDi, and you mentioned Meituan. You didn't mention Ctrip, which is also a big partner of ours. And just to spell this out, we have over $2 billion invested in Ctrip. We made an investment in Meituan in the $400 million, $450 million. We made a $500 million investment in DiDi. Now I'll repeat what I said when we made the announcement about DiDi, just to scope that one out a little bit. Really, 3 pillars there. The first thing, and we've talked about, is holistic travel system. And critical to that is ground transportation. And ground transportation in China is even more critical because people who are not Chinese do not rent cars and drive in China. So you got to come up with a way that people, our customers, when they get to China, how are they going to get around? That's an important thing. Doing this deal with DiDi is going to create this seamless, frictionless way that our customers go to one of our apps, the Booking.com app or to the Agoda app, and are able to get that ground transportation that's powered by DiDi. So that's going to be a thing of great advantage for our customers when we get that one up and running. The second part of that, and this is very important too, is help build our brand among the DiDi customer base. And DiDi, as part of this agreement, is going to help us do that through different types of marketing and different types of programs. And the third thing, as you pointed out, is yes, we want to get a good return on our investment, of course. And that's why we're doing it with each of them. Now with Meituan and Ctrip, they both have very, very powerful travel services within their companies. And we share inventory, and we provide them with outbound inventory so they can have their customers get outbound hotels. And we are working with them with inbound. When we have sent people in, they have Chinese hotels that perhaps we don't have or perhaps they would better price. That's the way we're cooperating in all these areas. And we believe that this is the smart way to try and take advantage of what is a great opportunity for us. And I'd say it's not easy, and some of the things are very early. We obviously don't have that DiDi-powered app up and running yet, but it's exciting to see what we can build and what's going to be the future.
Operator: And our next question comes from Naved Khan from SunTrust.
Naved Khan: Just a couple. So Glenn, can you just maybe give us some more color on this direct traffic? And I think you mentioned that it's becoming the fastest-growing channel for new customer acquisition. Is there any positive impact on this direct traffic from the brand advertising purse that you have been doing for the last, at least, a year? And then I have a follow-up.
Glenn Fogel: Well, it's difficult to suss out what the reason is if somebody comes to us direct. We hope that part of it is to spend on brand. Certainly, some of this is because of our great service. People have -- maybe they came first time through a paid click, used the service and loved it, and now they're coming to us direct. The point is that, by developing systems that are much better, it builds loyalty. And we can look at some of the people who are not in the travel business, and you can see some of the benefit they're getting. And I'll point immediately to, say, Amazon. People are not going to search engines to buy stuff off Amazon. They're going directly to Amazon because that service is a better service. So we believe that yes, we have to have brand marketing so people are aware of us, come to us. End of the day, though, you win in the long run by having all those best things, which is we always talk about best price, best availability, greatest selection, easiest of use, best customer service side and go on the litany of reasons you become the winner in the space. Those are the areas we're working out. And then you go on to the next things, the things that we're working on, things why we hired more people, why we have these data scientists, why we're doing all this stuff in machine learning, personalizing the service, making sure it's seamless and frictionless, coming up with a payment way that people -- the same way people in the U.S. are going to use Uber. What a convenient service. We want the travel experience to be like that, easy, frictionless, so it all fades into the background, and people are able to just to accomplish what our mission is, which is to help people experience the world. And your follow-up?
Naved Khan: Yes, yes, on just the cloud efforts. Are you doing anything on the cloud? And anything on the AI machine learning front?
Glenn Fogel: Well, of course, we're doing a lot of things on AI. We've hired a lot of people. We brought in companies. We bought a company called Evature out of Israel. It's very highly specialized in some natural language processing stuff. And we've done a lot of things to try and make sure that all technologies are being brought in as quickly as possible and utilized. Now I'm not going to get into specifics about cloud. Of course, we do some things at cloud. Some things are on our own data center stuff. And I'll leave it up to our extremely qualified and capable IT people to determine what's the best way to do it, what's the most efficient way to do it, what gives most flexibility and all of those things, but we're not going to call out anything in particular. And David, who actually comes from a technological background, I'm going to let him add to that.
David Goulden: Yes, I would characterize our cloud strategy as very much a hybrid cloud, which is a recognition of its value in both private clouds and public clouds and certain applications based upon volumes, capacity, performance, decent troughs, et cetera, are better sitting inside a private cloud and some are in a public cloud. And we're basically looking at that spectrum across a whole range of attribution capability, including things like natural language, machine learning, et cetera. So hybrid is the approach that we're taking, and I think that's the appropriate approach.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald from Jefferies.
Brian Fitzgerald: A couple of quick ones. Maybe as a follow-up to Mark's questions about the brand spending. We appreciate the iterative testing that you're doing, that you seek to deploy this brand spend. Any impacts from GDPR you're seeing there? Post-GDPR, maybe not direct cost to you guys, but kind of an overall malaise or some slowness as the EU digital advertising ecosystem grappled with implementation there? And then, Glenn, how do you feel about your NHA inventory, the breadth and depth there, it sounds like it's growing nicely, and the penetration of -- and certainly bookability there?
Glenn Fogel: Brian, so GDPR, and I didn't want to call this out because I don't think it's -- it's a short-term thing. Some of our brand spend was somewhat delayed a little bit, so don't put too much into this. But some of our platforms did have to halt in some of the work they were doing so they could develop more resources to making sure that they were ready for GDPR. So some of the things we were doing to gather, particularly in the testing and experimental things, had to be pushed off. But again, that's a short-term timing issue. And we're talking -- we play for the long run. So I'm not going to worry about, so it took a month or 2 months, whatever it was, that's not a big point. In terms of the NHA, 5.5 million listings. And am I happy? And I think I'll just stay consistent and say, I'm never happy. I always want more. We want more. But in specifics, and we talked about this before, we need to continue to develop certain categories in the NHA, where I really feel -- I'm even less happy in those areas. And we talked about the single-property owners. The people have, let's just, for example, say a house on the Outer Banks or they have a condo at Vale, and then expand that worldwide, and that's the area where I feel that we really need to make more effort in getting that, a. But then on top of that, it's a two-sided marketplace. We not only have to have the supply, we also have to make sure that customers around the world are aware that we have this great service. We think we do have a great service, and I've talked about this. The fact that when our customers come, they can see both the NHA stuff and they can see the core hotel stuff, and it's easier to compare and contrast them. We've talked about how the ease that people can pay because for us, you're not putting -- the customer doesn't have to pay a customer fee. For us, it's simple. It's never the customer fee at the end when you see, oh, here's a big charge at the end from the customer fee. And we talk about all the different things we can do to make this holistic, so it's not just the accommodation. That's what we're driving to. But specifically about NHA, there's a lot of inventory that we need to go out and get in. And then we need to -- particularly in the U.S. because when I talk to U.S. people, I know they're not as aware that we have this great product. If you go to Europe, it'd be a different story where people are aware of it. And this is what we're working on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heath Terry from Goldman Sachs.
Heath Terry: Just had a few I wanted to get a sense on. Glenn, I know we've spent a lot of time talking about brand marketing. But if we look at the first half, brand is still only about 1/10 of what you're spending on, on customer acquisition. Where do you see that settling out? With this emphasis, does that become half? Does it become the majority over time? What's the goal that you and your teams have for that? And then competitively, I'm kind of curious how you think about the benefit to your competitors as you pull back on marketing spend like this. I think it's notable that Expedia was able to maintain their growth rate and expand margins for the first time in several quarters as you and others in the space were pulling back on marketing. How do you think about what that does to sort of the long-term competitive balance in the space? And then, David, you mentioned that your approach to guidance hasn't changed. In the past, you guys have averaged about 300 basis points, above the high end of your guidance on bookings. Was that line specifically to suggest that what we've seen these last few quarters relative to your guidance is less of an indicator of how we should think about Q3?
Glenn Fogel: On the brand question, clearly, it's a very difficult thing to try and come up with a long-term target. But it's not just because -- as we always say, it's very difficult to make predictions, especially about the future. Beyond that, much more important is the whole area of brand is changing so rapidly with new channels coming in, new ways to measure. So let's take, for example, let's take something like YouTube, for example, where, a few years ago, advertising at YouTube was not effective at all, and it was a smaller number, and now it's growing very rapidly. When I say growing, I'm not speaking for the travel business, I'm saying YouTube advertising in general. It's not -- anyway, one can measure the effectiveness. And then take that all different types of things, particularly in the social area. The fact is that it's hard to say it because the world is changing so rapidly, particularly in how one does brand advertising. I will just repeat what we've always said is, look, we're going to do it the way we do everything. We experiment, we test, and if it ends up being more and more effective, we're going to do a lot more of it. And I do believe in the long run that we are going to be able to use brand advertising to build out a larger direct business. But I'm not going to pin myself to -- and this is what the percent of our spend is going to be in year four. And what was your second one, by the way?
David Goulden: The competitive point, how -- Expedia and others.
Glenn Fogel: Oh, yes. So what's interesting, of course, when the advertisers go to optimize, and there's less revenue now going to a particular or several advertising platforms, they then have less money to go out and try and get customers. So their growth then slows. So if their growth slows, even though all the advertisers may be in the same share and doing the same amount of share, they may not have the growth rate they had before because the core platform is not growing as rapidly as it used to do. So I think when we look back and we see the amount of spend being done by some of the advertising platforms in the past of very, very heavy weeks, that probably brought forward some people who may not have been as familiar with how to get travel online. And now perhaps those people who came on and now because they're slowing in terms of the amount of spend in that type of brand to bring customers to these advertising platforms, maybe that is an influence on the overall flow or amount of growth in that area. That would be the way I'd say it.
David Goulden: And then, Heath, to pick up your third point, I was going to say I'll avoid getting into the specific quantification. But what I'll just say is that the way the company has approached guidance over the last several years and quarters, I think is one that's been beneficial and appropriate. And we haven't changed that as I've come in and worked with the team, and we continue to factor in the same issues when we look at our guidance. And obviously, we leave ourselves some potential to do better.
Operator: Our next question comes from Deepak Mathivanan from Barclays.
Deepak Mathivanan: Two questions. First, with the HotelsCombined acquisition and then Momondo previously, should we view these acquisitions as a strategy to sort of build out a portfolio of diverse smaller metasearch channels? Are there opportunities to continue this strategy? And then more broadly on performance, you know that you're willing to reinvest on certain performance channels, depending on the levels of branding that you get on them. Is it kind of safe to say that prices and ROIs on these channels are something that you're comfortable now at these levels?
Glenn Fogel: I'll take one, and I'll let David take two on that. So we are pleased with the HotelsCombined deal. It hasn't closed yet. We expect it to close before the end of the year. And we did do Momondo, and that is -- and so you are correct, we have built out -- brought in some smaller players. And we believe the strategy is, one, scale matters in these areas. We bring in these meta companies that have a customer base, and perhaps they're doing certain things that we don't do as well or whatever. And we can then optimize in terms of the amount of people we need to run the entire organization. There's some synergies to be gotten. And so if we see more and they are at the right price because we're always conscious that you've got to get value for it, what can you achieve with it, we would always be interested in doing it. But I think we are reaching a level now where we are certainly bigger than we were before we got Momondo and when we bring in HotelsCombined, hopefully. And by the way, this strategy started a long time ago before we bought KAYAK, when KAYAK went out and got sidestepped. And that, I think, was the initial thing. Steve Hafner, our CEO there, is still with us, and he did that deal back then. I think his vision hasn't changed.
David Goulden: Yes. And then on the -- our performance channels. First of all, they're very important channels for us and also our customers. So we view them as a strategic part of the business. And as Glenn commented, our strategy in those channels hasn't changed. And we'll actually lean into the channels that make themselves more attractive to us as an advertiser. It will help us to build our customer experience and build our brand. And that's been a great relationship, and we expect it to continue. In terms of where we are versus a year ago, I'd say we are pleased with what we're now seeing in terms of ROIs on those channels. And as I mentioned, a decent balance between growth and profitability in terms of what we're getting from those channels. As Glenn said, we're never pleased, we're never satisfied. There's always opportunity to continue to improve. And I think we're at a place where we're now looking for incremental improvements and certainly looking at ROI and growth in those channels, those 2 things we're looking at very closely. So I'm pleased but not satisfied will summarize where we are today.
Operator: And our final question comes from Brad Erickson from Pacific Crest.
Brad Erickson: Just a couple of follow-ups. Can you talk about hotel inventory, just geographically where you're really focused on adding supply this year, if anywhere? And does that give you incremental opportunities to maybe spend on performance marketing later in the year as you get bigger in certain markets? And then second, just what does your direct booking retention rate look like today versus, say, I don't know, 2, 3 years ago?
Glenn Fogel: So in terms of inventory, we don't spell out where we are trying to get more inventory. It was very nice some of our competitors in the past have done that, which have been great for us in terms of the road map where should we be looking at things. And I don't want to do the same thing for -- going the other way on this. I will say that our -- people are always out there trying to get more inventory because we do believe that's a great way to help build the business, and they are out there doing it. And we did point out the importance -- already, we've talked a little bit about how important it is to try and get certain parts of the non-hotel accommodation built up because we do think that is an area where we do need to continue to improve in that area. And I'll let David talk about the second one there.
David Goulden: Yes. I think in terms of retention rates, we're not going to give you a specific data point, but I'd say that we're certainly pleased with our Genius customer group in terms of how well that has developed and the level of retention in repeat booking we get out of those customers, which has continued to be a focus on the business. So we've seen not only is direct increasing and becoming now very close to half the business, but we do see, obviously, a much stronger retention rate, particularly in those customers who are part of our different closed-use programs. So that is a good trend for us, not only in terms of the growth as the mix of the business shifts towards more direct, but also, as Glenn said, building out this loyalty factor where we want people to be coming back to us as their preferred travel partner with a whole broad range of capabilities and travel experiences.
Glenn Fogel: Okay. So I want to thank everybody again. I want to just reemphasize a couple of points. One is that we believe we're on the right track. We believe we are building the business the way we want to. We believe we have the right mix in terms of profit and growth right now. And we are pleased with our level and where we are at this stage of progress. I also want to thank all our employees around the world who have worked so hard. This is a very, very busy season for them right now, and I just want to reach out to them, and we appreciate greatly the amount of effort they are putting in there. And of course, we always want to thank our supplier partners and our customers who, without them, there'd be no reason for us to be here. So thank you, and see you in three months.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-09 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Glenn Fogel - CEO and President David Goulden - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Eric Sheridan - UBS Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley Mark May - Citi Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Company Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Deepak Mathivanan - Barclays Capital Brian Fitzgerald - Jeffries Jason Patterson - Raymond James Tom While - D.A. Davidson
Operator: Welcome to Booking Holdings, First Quarter 2018 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings' actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the safe harbor statements at the end of Booking Holdings' earnings press release as well as Booking Holdings' most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings' earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings' website, www.bookingholdings.com. And now I'd like to introduce Booking Holdings' speakers for this afternoon: Glenn Fogel and David Goulden. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you, and welcome to Booking Holdings' 2018 quarter one conference call. I'm joined this afternoon by our CFO, David Goulden. Booking Holdings' had a solid quarter with revenue up 24% year-over-year in U.S. dollar or about 16% on constant-currency basis, and adjusted EBITDA increased 26% year-over-year to approximately $800 million. Our worldwide accommodation room nights of $197 million, were up 13% year-over-year and exceeded the high-end of our guidance range.  Consolidated gross bookings were up 21% year-over-year in U.S. dollars, or about 12% on a constant currency basis. An important factor contributing to our EBITDA over performance was another strong quarter of efficiencies in our performance marketing channels, as we were able to leverage our spend by over 380 basis points. As we have discussed in the past, our performance marketing channels are complex and dynamic, our goal is to achieve an appropriate balance between acceptable ROIs and growth. As we set out our ROI hurdles, we take into account not only the short-term impacts from our bidding strategies, but also factors such as; the customer experience on the advertising platform, the incrementality of the traffic we receive, the anticipated peak rate from a particular platform and several other important elements. As we discussed last quarter, increasing direct traffic and customer royalty is a key strategic priority for us. To achieve these goals, we strive to have the widest selection, the best prices and availability, the most informative contact, the easiest user interface and the highest level of customer service. We are pleased to report that we continue to see growth in our direct channel and note that our mobile business is an important factor in the growth of our direct business. As we have discussed in previous quarters, we believe that brand marketing will also be an important part of driving direct traffic to our websites over time. We hope to make further progress executing our brand strategy, implementing new measurement technologies and tools and testing in various geographies. But want to reiterate what we have said in the past, that we will proceed in a prudent manner.  During the quarter we made progress adding new supply to our marketplace, maintaining our position as the leading global accommodations platform offering the most choice in over 220 countries and territories worldwide. As of March 31, booking.com our largest brand, had a total of 28.2 million reported listings, consisting of approximately 23.0 million reported listings in hotels, motels and resorts and approximately 5.2 million reported listings in homes, apartments and other unique places to stay. Year-over-year growth in booking.com reported listings for our alternative accommodations category was 28%, which demonstrates our ongoing focus to build additional supply. Today, all of booking.com alternative accommodation listings are fully integrated in our marketplace and are instantly bookable with no customer fee. Room night bookings in this category are growing nicely and we firmly believe our customers want a one-stop shopping experience to find a great place to stay, whether it is a hotel, resort, home or apartment, they want the ability to search and compare across all property types to find the best fit for their unique needs. We remain focused on bringing more alternative accommodation properties on to our platform. Especially single properties, whose owners may not be as aware as professional multi-unit managers are of the strength of our traveler demand. And we believe that this is an attractive opportunity for us. Building sophisticated capabilities in local attractions and in destination experiences remains a long-term goal for the company. As we look to provide a more holistic travel experience for our customers in order to drive loyalty and build a larger direct brand, we have been gradually increasing our investments and expertise in these areas, including our recent acquisition of FareHarbor and are pleased with our progress to-date, though we want to stress that we are still in an early stage. During the first quarter we utilized $1.5 billion in capital to reduce our fully diluted share count, through both share repurchases and the cash settlement of the conversion premium on our convertible bonds, which matured in March. We will continue to prudently deploy capital through a mix of organic growth investments, M&A and stock repurchases. In summary, Booking Holdings had a good start to the year, bottom-line was also the first quarter were aided by solid revenue growth and efficiencies that we realized in our performance marketing channels. We believe that travel market remains healthy and we continue to orient ourselves to the long run, we have a single-digit market share in the very large global accommodations market and an even lower market share in the total travel market. We continue to evolve the company, so that in the long run we will be able to provide our customers with a more complete and superior travel offering. This will take time, but we believe that if we continue to leverage our unique assets and expertise and all of our brands continue to execute we will be successful. As always, I want to thank our more than 24,000 employees worldwide for their hard work and dedication. We are now getting ready for our busy Northern Hemisphere Summer season. And I know we will all work tirelessly to ensure our customers have a great travel experience. Finally, I want to send out a special thank you to Rob Rosenstein the Co-founder and longtime CEO of Agoda our Asia-based business. Effective June 1, Rob is moving up to be the Chairman of Agoda and taking the role of special advisor to the CEO of Booking Holdings. I've known Rob for almost 15 years now and I look forward to working closely with him, as we continue to develop our long-term Asia strategies. Taking Rob, CEO position at Agoda is the current COO of Agoda, John Brown and Armory Morganstern [ph] the current Chief Product Officer will take the COO role there. Congratulations to all of them. I will now turn the call over to David for the financial review. 
David Goulden: Thank you, Glenn and good afternoon. I'll discuss operating results and cash flows for the first quarter, and then provide guidance for second quarter of 2018. All growth rates are relative to the prior year comparable period unless otherwise indicated. Before we get into the numbers, as we discussed last quarter starting on January 1, 2018 we began reporting under the new revenue recognition accounting standard, which recognizes revenue at check-in rather than at check out.  As a result all year-over-year growth rates referenced in my remarks and Q2 guidance will compare the current year under the new accounting standard to the prior year under the previous accounting standard. Additionally, revenue growth and profit margin performance for Q1 results and Q2 guidance are based upon comparison to prior year gross profit due to the associated change to net revenue reporting in 2018. Gross bookings and other unit metrics like room night reservations are not impacted by the new accounting standard. Our non-GAAP financial results we forecast include stock-based compensation and are reconciled to our GAAP results in our earnings release. So now onto our results for the quarter. Our strategy to optimize performance margin ROI is impacting our top-line growth. It's also driving significant improvements in our operating margins. The result was a second quarter in a row of expanding adjusted EBITDA margins and our bottom-line performance have substantially exceeded our guidance range and the FactSet analyst expectations.  Room nights booked in Q1 grew by 13%, which exceeded the high end of our guidance range. Average daily rates for accommodations or ADRs were down slightly for Q1 versus prior year on a constant currency basis, which was better than our forecast of down about 1%. Foreign exchange rate favorably impacted growth rates expressed in U.S. dollars for our Q1 results. Q1 gross bookings grew by 21% expressed in U.S. dollars and grew by about 12% on a constant currency basis compared to prior year. Consolidated revenue for the first quarter was $2.9 billion and grew by 25% in U.S. dollars and by about 18% on a constant currency basis. Q1 revenues includes $45 billion from the Momondo Group, an acquisition we closed in July of 2017. We also recognized a $27 million benefit to revenue in Q1 from the reversal of a portion of OpenTable loyalty program liability. This benefit relates to recently introduced changes to OpenTable's loyalty program and is excluded from our non-GAAP results as we believe is not indicative of the core operating results of our business.  Our non-GAAP revenue grew 24% in U.S. dollars and by about 16% on a constant currency basis. Total revenues for the first quarter of 2018 under the current revenue standard were approximately 2% lower than the first quarter of 2018 would have been if reported under previous revenue standard, which was consistent with our guidance. This 2% difference in the quarter resulted in a 3 percentage point impact on our growth comparing Q1 with a year ago.  Advertising and other revenue, which is mainly comprised of non-intercompany revenues for KAYAK and OpenTable grew by 50% in Q1 compared to prior year, including the revenue from Momondo and the OpenTable loyalty program benefits. On a non-GAAP basis, which excludes OpenTable benefits growth in advertising and other revenue was 36% in Q1. GAAP operating income grew by 31% and GAAP operating margins increased by 115 bps compared to Q1 last year. GAAP net income accounted to $607 million or $12.34 per share, which grew by 35%. Our GAAP net income includes a $54.5 million benefit related to an unrealized gain in our equity investments in Ctrip, which is now recorded in the income statement rather than the balance sheet due to an accounting change that took effect in Q1. We excluded this unrealized gain as well as the OpenTable loyalty program benefit from our non-GAAP results. Our GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 19.4% just slightly better than forecast. Adjusted EBITDA for Q1 amounted to $798 million, which exceeded the top end of our guidance of $75 million and grew by 26%. Adjusted EBITDA also excludes previously mentioned Ctrip gain and OpenTable loyalty program benefit. Our adjusted EBITDA margin of 27.5% was substantially better than our forecast mainly due to higher revenue in the quarter and performance marketing efficiency. As expected non-marketing OpEx expenses pressured year-on-year margins as we continue to invest in new markets and new capabilities. Our non-GAAP EPS was $12, up 21% versus the prior comfortably exceeding the guidance for the quarter and FactSet consensus. Non-GAAP net income reflects a non-GAAP tax rate of 19.4% in Q1, which increased from the prior year due to impacts of the U.S. tax acts under higher Innovation Box Tax rate in the Netherlands as well as last year’s rate benefiting from discrete items. Our cash and investments amounted to $16.3 billion at quarter end. In Q1 we generated $640 million of operating cash flow, which grew by 68% compared to the prior year. Our free cash flow for the quarter was $508 million, which is 64% higher than Q1 2017. Cash flow in the quarter benefited from increased merchant transactions of booking.com, which have a favorable working capital impact. We returned about $732 million during the first quarter to our shareholders through share buybacks. In addition we used another $773 million in the quarter for the cash settlements of a conversion premium on our convertible bonds that matured in March. We currently have approximately $10 billion remaining of our share repurchase authorization. We will continue to be both programmatic and opportunistic with regards to our repurchases. And under stable business and market conditions we expect to complete this authorization within a two to three year time period. Our guidance reflects our quarter-to-date actual results and assumes our growth rates will decelerate over remainder of the quarter mainly due to size of our business and consistent with long-term trends. Our guidance also reflects the continued impact of our performance margin optimization efforts. And our approach to guidance has not changed. Our future guidance is based upon current foreign exchange rates, which provide a tailwind to our growth rates expressed in U.S. dollars.  We are forecasting booked room nights to grow by 7% to 11% and total gross bookings to grow by 10% to 14% in U.S. dollars and by 5% to 9% on a constant currency basis. Our Q2 forecast assumes a constant currency accommodation ADRs for the company will be down by approximately 1% compared to prior period. We forecast future revenue to grow by 11.5% to 15.5% U.S. dollars and by 6% to 10% on a constant currency basis. This forecast includes the impact of revenue shifting from Q2 to Q1 due to the timing of Easter and revenue recognition at check-in. Q2 adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $1.085 billion and $1.125 billion, which at the mid-points is up about 13% versus prior year. We forecast that adjusted EBITDA margin will be about in line with prior year Q2. Our Q2 forecast assumes that our ROI optimization efforts will yield year-over-year performance marketing efficiency. We expect the deleverage from our investments in brand marketing and non-marketing operating expenses will offset this leverage from performance marketing in the quarter. As mentioned last quarter, these investments have a more significant margin impact in Q1 and Q2, which in quarters in which we typically earn a smaller share of our annual profits due to normal seasonality of our business. Although, we're not giving guidance beyond Q2, we do expect deleverage in non-marketing OpEx and brand marketing throughout 2018, but diminishing in the second half as we lap investments made last year. We also assume operating margins will benefit from increased performance marketing efficiency until we anniversary the optimization efforts that started in Q3 of last year. We forecast GAAP EPS between $15.50 and $16.15 for Q2, which at the midpoint is up about 10% versus prior year. Our EPS guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of about 48.6 million shares, which reflects the beneficial impact of the common stock repurchases we have made to-date.  Our GAAP EPS guidance for Q2 assumes a tax rate of 21% compared to prior year rate of 17%. Our current year tax rate is higher than last year due to the impacts from the U.S. Tax Act, as well as the increased rates of the Innovation Box Tax in the Netherlands. We’re forecasting Q2 non-GAAP EPS of approximately $16.35 to $17, which at the midpoint is up about 10% versus prior year. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast includes an estimated income tax rate of approximately 21%, which is higher than prior rate of 18% due to same reasons I just discuss for the GAAP rate. We have hedge contracting place to substantially shield our second quarter EBITDA and net earnings from any further fluctuation in currencies versus the dollar between now and the end of the quarter. But the hedges did not reflect our gross bookings, revenue or operating profit from the impacts of foreign currency fluctuations. Our forecast does not assume any significant change in macroeconomic conditions, in general or in the travel market in particular. With that we'll now take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Eric Sheridan of UBS. You line is open.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks for taking the question. Maybe two if I can. Last quarter you called out shortening booking window and the potential for some cancellations volatility around Easter in the way you had forecasted room nights. I wanted to understand how that played out as the quarter progressed against what you initially thought going in? And then second, you're projecting a deceleration in room nights in Q2, against what look like an easier comp, wanted to understand a little bit maybe some color around your forecasting there as well and I need to keep in mind? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: Hi, Eric, its Glenn. I'm going to take that second question and then let David talk a little bit about booking windows. So, our company overtime has been very consistent and talking about deceleration, because of a lot of large numbers. And that has been something that has been trending fairly regularly overtime, but there has certainly been volatility quarter-to-quarter. In some quarters we've had small deceleration, and in some quarters we've had faster deceleration and some quarters we even had acceleration. And there were many factors that have gone into that.  Some of the factors are macro things the economy, some of the factors could be a competitive action by someone, some of the factors can be somebody who's not a competitor, but has influence some sort of reorganization and SEO algorithm for search engine. And some of the factors are things that we do, optimizing our performance marketing, clearly one. You take all of these factors and interact and there are feedback looks, it's very complex. And that makes it very hard to project or predict short-term in this volatility. But long-term we can make some absolute in my sense confident enough making some predictions. And the prediction is that we are going to do very well. I have a lot of comp this in the industry and the company and let me tell you why. I’ll start at the macro level, travel is a function of GDP, world GDP gross up travel grow faster and I’m highly confident that world GDP is going to continue to go up in the long run, that’s one.  The second thing a tailwind that we always been experiencing, is the offline to online, now it sounds arcane using offline to online. Let’s call it digital processes, that trend is going to continue. Yes, in some of our developed markets, there are more people who are already online let’s call it, who are doing, but there are so many areas in the world that are not doing that yet, but we’ll be doing it. That’s another thing for us. Let’s go down number three, micro -- let’s get into our company individually. We are a big company, but we are a small share of the travel industry, a small share of our biggest business the accommodation business, a single-digit market share of -- and we’re measuring just the number of available rooms on our platform talking about the inventory we haven’t gotten yet. So that’s a lot of opportunities for us there. And if you think about us this year, the total travel industry and all things air, things like attractions other parcel of the industry that were much smaller we’ve a very small share. When you think about -- well I mentioned that inventory we can go out we can get more inventory, that’s another thing that we are working very hard, we have talked about in the past, that us going out and getting more inventory and you see the numbers that we talked about. We talked about the amount of money we can put into investing in developing our non-hotel accommodations that’s the area of growth for us. We talked about our experimentation with different things, maybe you’ve seen it on the booking.com and we have flight on that. Maybe you’ve seen some of the things we’ve ground transportation, maybe you’ve seen some of the things we are now doing with attractions. Experimentations was costs where we are now it’s going to continue to give us in the future. And a separate part of that is coming up with innovation. There is a new thing out for priceline.com, it is the package product that we have about, it’s new, it’s exciting, things like that are always going to help drive us forward growth wise.  Many companies say what about conversion is that dead, no, we have always talked in the past that we do all of it, and we have a giant experimental platform. And that we’re always trying to come up with a better conversion rate. Now some quarters we do better, some quarters we do worse, but in the long run we’re always going to be building that conversion rate just going to continue to go up. And in fact our mobile in the past continues to be an absolute growth area for us, and I actually just keep going on and just 24,000 very talented people, we have a lot of capital we have technology, I think we are in great position. So when we say you are comparing this what’s happening you are comparing this an easier comp. Last year was a 21% growth rate at which point we hadn’t started our optimization yet. I would say actually where our position is actually very good, it’s a good balance between growth and profit and I like where we are. And now David, you want to take number two there. 
David Goulden: Yes, let me pick up on a couple of your opening question, maybe I have a point about Q2 as well. So, on the booking window, we did continue to see a modest decline in the booking window, we noted that, we saw it over last few quarters to see a most decline. We think it’s likely impacted by some of the things we are doing around our optimization efforts in the performance marketing channels. Now without going into all the details, we are targeting a less lower converting and less upper funnel outplacements that’s having an impact on the booking window and also I’d point out that mobile continues to perform well and mobile has a shorter booking window than desktop. So those factors are going into the booking window, as we said we see it continuing to modestly decline. In terms of the Easter impact on room night booked. Very much in line with what Dan commented on the last earnings call. It did have a small impact to the room nights booked, very much in line with our comments. It had a much big impact on revenue and if we get a question on that later on, on the call, I’ll explain how Easter impacted revenue.  And then specifically relative to Q2, as Glenn mentioned, we are comparing against the period in which we are spending very heavily into pay channels. But if you think about the actual guidance itself it’s relatively stable guidance, vis-à-vis what we just reported for Q1. Our approach to guidance hasn’t changed. Also we are now sitting here with more time between now and quarter end than when we guided for the last quarter. So there is natural increased level of potential variability, but I would point out that as in every quarter there is always something going in and in this quarter we are looking at some new factors, in Q2 for example given the timing of the World Cup and group play ending right at the end of the quarter is something in prior years has impacted growth rates. So all of those factored in.
Eric Sheridan : Thanks so much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Lloyd Walmsley of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open. 
Lloyd Walmsley: Thanks for taking the question two if I can. It looks like I think Glenn you mentioned mobile as an important factor in driving the direct business. Wondering if you can just give us a sense of if anything in particular has changed there. I think just two quarters ago you had kind of down played I think mobile as a source of direct strength. So is there a synergy with the TV spend you're doing or maybe if something changed in mobile app usage versus mobile web. Any color you could share there. And then just looking at non-advertising OpEx, it actually look like it was ultimately fairly well contained despite some of the investments you're making. So is that really just a function of the size of the P&L being able to absorb that or any changes in kind of magnitude of the investment you have to make in some of these new areas. Any color you could share there would be great.
Glenn Fogel: Sure Lloyd, if I said something that was interpret that I did not believe mobile is important for direct or sort of that nature. It was misunderstood or I misspoke one of the other. Because certainly mobile helps direct significantly. And we believe it's a very important part of the strategy going forward. Now why are we noting and why is it important. How much time you spent in -- let's take Asia for example. People are not doing desktop, the mobile is the way you do everything. And then it is so important for us to continue to be developing the right interfaces, the right connectivity for the different systems in all parts of the world where mobile really works efficiently. And I just think that that is something that for us because of the size of our company because of the number of technologist that we have on our staff, we have an advantage, we can do these new experiments in all different areas of the business end up with a better result, a better use for our customers, which in the long run is how we went. Regarding the non-ad OpEx, we talked about this a couple of quarters ago, about how we are taking these non-ad OpEx investments. And it was people and then all the things are associated with people expenses goes with them and we talked about a bunch of things that reasons we wanted to do that why we thought that was important for our strategy long-term. And we ramped up those numbers significantly at the time.  Now those people they came onboard throughout the year and they’re now full, we don't need to hire at this higher rate we need these people now to be more efficient more effective and such. So we believe as Dave was pointing out over the year and I certainly see going into 2019 we will get the benefit of those people who are doing all the great work that they're doing, but we should not -- you should not expect us to continue to hire the way we did last year at that kind of rate.
Lloyd Walmsley: Got it, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brian Nowak of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. 
Brian Nowak: Great, thanks for taking my questions. The first one just kind of going back to your comment around direct traffic. I was hoping it kind of growing. I guess the question is direct traffic growing in your mix at this point? And if not, how are you thinking about that throughout the course of the year? And then just sort of going back to the deceleration implied in the guidance. And I appreciate the color about the industry, but maybe just talk about potential for acceleration. What are the factors you are most focused on internally, whether it's regions or buckets of room nights that you think over the course of the next year could lead to faster room night growth even through lot of large numbers. Thanks so much. 
Glenn Fogel: Well, could you just explain a little more about, you said direct within the mix, I didn't quite understand that question.
Brian Nowak: So I guess you mentioned your direct traffic is growing year-on-year. The question is, is it increasing as a percentage of your total room night service paid still growing with the mix. 
Glenn Fogel: Direct is growing. Direct is growing and we are very pleased with that growth rate and it is something that is part of the overall strategy to continue to increase that. In terms of -- I could come up with a whole bunch of hypothetical so what could increase the growth rate and become an accelerating number versus a decelerating number. And a lot of them would be just making up being speculative. I will say one thing though that is, we’ve seen overtime and that is when we come up with something that’s innovative something that we -- obviously we haven’t thought of it yet, it’s a new things that we’ve done and come out and that has absolutely been helpful in terms of driving more business. So a good example of something like that might be and well we are grow so fast at the time you wouldn’t have seen it in the growth rate, but the fact is when mobile came out, I’ve hear long enough 18 years, I was here when there was no such thing as mobile. But when people started booking on mobile by being out in front and coming up with great ways to use that technology to make it easier for people to book who wanted to use their phones that was an advantage for us. So to be something like that that I believe could come out in the future and we’ll be able to get advantage of it for something I talked about earlier already, about the idea because we do have scale in our technology area, because we’ve scale in all areas of our business actually and that will help us achieve a better result than competitors who may not have the same scale.
Brian Nowak : Okay, thanks.
Glenn Fogel: Let me give David, I think you’re a technologist at heart so maybe give us something that I talked about. Especially why we would accelerate?
David Goulden: I’d just add a couple of points, Glen just on the first point just want to reinforce that not only is the direct increasing as a percentage of a mix it is our largest channel for bookings Brian, so just clear that point. And then I’ll just add one more point, certainly it will start to play into in fact in the second half of the year right now we are from a growth rate comparing periods in which we have -- we are optimizing our ROIs against periods where we weren’t optimizing them quite, so rest of these during the second half of the year the compares with start to get a little bit easier for that factor as well. But as Glen said long-term there are many other factors including all the things you mentioned in terms of headroom available for us to grow this industry with -- this business with single-digit market shares in our core markets and new ways to attract customers, et cetera. So those will be the bigger factors for driving long-term growth rates.
Brian Nowak : Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mark May of Citi. Your line is open.
Mark May: Thank you. Actually one of my questions is a bit of a follow-up to the last comment. Is it possible for you to help quantify to some degree the impact that optimizing some of your direct response marketing has had on the growth? And maybe just help frame that a bit? And then secondly, can you talk a little bit about the relative rate of growth in your North America market and kind of how that’s been trending in recent quarters? Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: Hey, Mark. So we’re not going to put a pin on a number in terms of the optimization, but as David pointed out optimization is definitely a hurt on the growth rate and we know that if we want to get more growth we could pay up for it so to speak, but that’s not what our strategy. Our strategy is to achieve a balance and we’re at where we believe is the appropriate balance between profit and growth and that’s really we’re going to play out. In terms of North America we don’t generally start pulling out different regions differently. And so I'm not going to go there I will say that the world economy is good, travel is good in most areas of the world. David I think mentioned we have a couple of small areas that are of interest and is not North America at all.  Argentina and Brazil with some currency and Russia also some currency effects happening there, which make outbound business decline or you recapture some of that in domestic business, but it’s still a negative impact on us generally. So that’s a little bit in terms of a regional area or country area, but generally that’s about as far I go in terms of anything I could call out is an issue.
Mark May: Thank you.
Operator: Thanks our next question is from Mark Mahaney of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mark Mahaney : Hey. I just got two European related questions, one just this is a small near-term stuff about the World Cup, just talk about the impact that had in years passed, that is a pretty sizable event and your people over there getting excited by that, they don't travel. So just how do you actually try to handicap that kind of impact that could have on your business? I know that's a near-term issue, but I wanted to ask that. And secondly, also European, I want to ask about GDPR and how do you think about the extent to which that will complicate your business, either in terms of your building to reach out to your current or potential future customers? And just overall, does that impinge on the effectiveness of online marketing channels as -- how much of a challenge for you is GDPR in terms of running the business? Thanks a lot.
Glenn Fogel: Hi, Mark. I'll take the second one GDPR and David being English and they actually have a team in World Cup this year I’ll let him handle that one. So GDPR, first before answer that your question, let me just point out how we definitely believe that privacy is a very important thing and we've been thinking about how to maintain privacy for our customers, our partners everyone long before GDPR was even a thought in Brussels. We do not believe, when we talked about this we do not think it's going to be have any real impact on our business in terms of our marketing or getting customers, really we look up and down trying to figure out is there some sort of impact and we really do not see a material impact in it from GDPR. That being said, preparing for it and continuing as we come up to the deadline obviously cause us costs and diversion of resources. Relatively minor compared to the size of our business, but they were actual movement of people who would have been preferring to work on the business making either more combinations or working some of our new innovative things rather than we working on GDPR. But that being said it’s something that we need to do and again we're happy to do it. And I’ll let David talk about World Cup and what his thoughts and maybe give a prediction on he think is going to win.
David Goulden: Mark, I would not go as far as that in public. Mark it's interesting because it's difficult to predict because the number of factors come into this. It depends which team is doing well. What we've seen in prior years is that when teams get through to the later round, their countrymen are not booking very heavily while it’s in the World Cup, but once they get knocked out they start booking quit quickly. So, it's a function of who gets through to the later rounds. And as I mentioned, with everything happening starting in middle of June going into early July, I think that it’s the group play rounds that end right at the end of the quarter. So, it's going to be a function which teams are going forward beyond that. So it's very difficult to predict so can't be more specific. But it’s certainly a factor that we are looking out when we're modeling our growth rates and looking at sequential bookings growth and things like that during the quarter. We’ll have to tell you based upon what happens and who winds up again through to the later rounds.
Mark Mahaney: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Justin Post of Bank of America. Your line is open. 
Justin Post : Great, thank you. So just you definitely have tightened your ROI thresholds and I just wondering if you’ve thought about to competitive impact on that? I mean, you've said it affected your growth rate, where do you think those rooms might be going is it going direct or do you think some competitors might be getting it? And then overtime I follow this company for many years, you've always sound great opportunities in new marketing channels that have helped propel your growth and you've actually out competed people overtime. So, I'm just thinking about do you still see those opportunities? Is it going to take new emerging companies that you could take advantage of or changes in Google, but overtime do you still think you can have an advantage in marketing channels? Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: So, Justine I agree with your point that, we have done a good job in terms of marketing overtime. And we do believe that we will continue to do well and find new ways to be able to bring in more customers from new types of marketing. Certainly something that we've talked about in the past as our brand market effort as that sort of accounted to raising ROIs on a performance and countering with brand spent to bring people direct. And that’s an area that we're going to continue to work on, work very hard on to try and develop the right formulas, coming up with the right creators, the right measurement tools, putting in the right geographies. So that we can bringing more of those people direct to us. It’s so important to our strategy in the long run that we don't depend as heavily as we have in the past on third-party sources of customers. We believe the right thing for the company in the long run is to create a service that is so good that people when they think about travel, they think about us immediately and come to us directly. 
Justin Post : Got it. And then the first question, I mean you have currently given up a few rooms, do you think those are going to direct channels, or where do think that those people are going? Any thoughts that on?
Glenn Fogel: Thoughts on that. I have some thoughts on it, and what I'm really hoping because I think David may have mentioned this so he can talk a little bit on this too after I'm done. Is the idea that when we are optimizing, and saying which keywords are we thinking aren't good for us in the long run. And thinking well, maybe those people will come to us later in another way, shape or form or maybe they will be booking somewhere, but before they actually show up or cancel there and come back to us and check our prices and our availability and see maybe they will book with us in the end. Anything beyond that would really be just speculation, I don't know David you have anything there, I don’t think there is much else we could say on it.
Justin Post : Great, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Kevin Kopelman of Cowen & Company. Your line is open. 
Kevin Kopelman: Hi, thanks a lot. Could you give us an update on underlying take rate trends that you're seeing. It seem like those might have been a little bit stronger in the quarter even after making all the adjustments. And then on that, can you tell us where you did end up for the estimated Easter impact on revenue both under the new and old accounting standard for Q1? Thanks. 
Glenn Fogel:  I’ll let David do you want to…
David Goulden: I'll take Easter first Kevin that's those kind of slightly longer answer and then I'll come back to the take rate. So as I mentioned in one of the answers to an earlier questions, from a bookings point of view, Easter timing was a modest headwind in Q1 in line with our expectation. The revenue impact is much greater, but also in line with our expectations. So let me kind of explain what was going on there. So in 2017 of course Easter fell in Q2 and revenue rec was based upon checkouts. So those Easter stays helped Q2 revenue. In 2018, Easter fell on the 1st of April, but very importantly the revenue rec moved to a check-in. So most of those Easter stays mainly helps Q1 revenue. So the impact to that was about 3% year-on-year benefit to Q1 growth and about a 2% hit to year-on-year growth in Q2. And if you think about those 5 points of difference in growth, those account almost the entire difference in our constant currency revenue guide from Q1 to Q2, which really all explained by Easter and defined our 6 points. So that's what's happening with Easter and it's in line with our expectations and what we’ve told you on the last call. In terms of take rates, they have actually been quite stable. And we're pleased with that. So we also mentioned that ADRs were down only very modestly in the quarter and we had it in our guidance predicted them being down 1% again talking constant currency ADR. So that's what's going on there. 
Kevin Kopelman : Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Heath Terry of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 
Heath Terry: Great, thanks. I was wondering if you could give us a bit of a sense about how I don't know you’ve talked about this in couple of different ways, but just how you're thinking about the trade-off between growth and profitability? To the extent you're optimizing away from lower performing channels are these channels that are actually losing money or simply not getting the ROI target that you have for them? And then second question, as we move further away from the changes in pricing current regulations in Europe. Wondering if you can give us a sense of what you're seeing in terms of hotel behavior is discriminating hence for the meta-search channels and whether or not I guess one, what you're seeing to the extent that you're whether it's having any impact?
Glenn Fogel: Hey, it's Glenn. So we talked about this in the past and how we value performance platform for this marketing platform. And how we decide what we're going bid, how much we're going to bid. And we’ve talked about what's the customer experience on that platform, what's the incrementality of the traffic. What's the anticipated repeat rate going to be that channel. And we'll also think about are we supplying funds to someone who may then use those funds to compete with later down the road. These are all factors that come in. So it’s more than just is it a positive ROI, a negative ROI. There is a lot more that goes into how we decide how we are going to bid, where we are going to bid, what level we’re going to go at. We are definitely leaning in and we will continue to lean in with those platforms that we believe are helping us build our business for our long-term strategy and I’ve said this before many, many times. And we lean out against those platforms that are not doing that, those that we believe in the long run are actually going to be detrimental to achieving our long-term strategies. So that’s answer to that question. Regarding parity, I have not seen much impact at all regarding any of the changes in the landscape in that area it really has not to my knowledge from of what I have seen yet had a material impact. We still believe that we are the people who have the best price, the best availability, the best service, the best user interface and people come to us.  Sometimes some -- I know this from looking it, best price doesn’t always -- it’s not always just best price by the way and part of our winning strategy has been doing all those other things too. So there is a lot more to it than just showing up with the best price as a matter to be successful in this business. 
Heath Terry: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question is from Douglas Anmuth of JP Morgan. Your lines is open. 
Douglas Anmuth: Thanks for taking the question. Glenn, you talked about wanting to be the place to go for travel and you’ve certainly been talking more about a broader holistic travel approach and more full service. I was hoping you could help us understand how much of your business kind of non-hotel, non-accommodations could be overtime, how you think about that? And what kind of investments are require to get there if you think over the next three to five years? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: Yes, I definitely talked about this a great deal and I do believe it is the proper way for our scope for the long run. And one of the critical things about this is not just making sure that we have an appropriate return on the investments on the -- let’s take for example say, you wanted to do -- we’re doing attractions right now, we believe that’s very beneficial helping our customers, before they show-off, and while they show-off to get those attractions or experiences more of than just the money we would make from those, it’s providing a much easier way for that customer to achieve a great trip. So we could overtime take a lot less money on that he individual action, but because it builds great loyalty be very beneficial and of course it’s going to show-up, David doing his accounting, he's here, he is going to tell me hey this is great, look at what we are doing on our accommodations and we’ll have to then figure out how much we attribute to some of these other services and make sure that we are properly realizing once it’s a good investment or not. So that’s the first part of that answer. I do not have in front of me a five year plan with the absolute numbers and dollars for each of these items. As you know we are an experimental company, we build products out, we see how they work, if they work we do more and we develop it further, if it doesn’t seem to be work we pull back. The right thing though is maintaining the balance and we’ve talked about this and this is how do we use our capital, we use our capital organic growth, and organic growth investments is things like building out these services, there’s also M&A. As I mentioned we went out we bought FareHarbor to help there a new one build a lock and building out this large holistic system. And those are the different way we’re going to do it. I can’t give you some numbers, what I can say I do believe that it is -- it will be when we have done this, a very strong competitive advantage over companies that do not have that.
Douglas Anmuth: Okay, thanks Glenn. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Deepak Mathivanan with Barclays Capital. Your line is open. 
Deepak Mathivanan: Great, thanks for taking the question. Two questions for me. First growth in brand marketing dollar was slower than last couple of quarters, does obviously seasonal aspect of it, but can you talk about your current thinking on brand marketing effectiveness compared to prior expectations? And then the second question one of your competitors is ramping supply acquisition and marketing investments in Europe, do you think that’s driving competitive pressure of maybe preferably on the customer acquisition side in Europe? Thanks a lot.
Glenn Fogel: A brand, so we started talking last year about the importance of brand and that we plan to make investments in brand. And we talked about the need for technological measurements to make sure we’re doing it right and we’re going to do it. And one of the things I said several times, I said we do it carefully I use word careful, I use word prudent, I said that we weren’t going to just go out and spend a huge amount of money that we would test our way in and experiment and we’re continuing to do that. And when we find the right formula, when we find out exactly where we think it is doing very well that’s where we’re going to open up to speak it more and spend more. But what we’re not going to do is spend a huge amount of money before we have a higher certainty that what we’re doing is doing well. So that’s how we’re going to play that way. Your other question about people have been competing with us for a very long time, getting supply this is nothing at all and I do not expect this to change in the long run, people will continue to go out and try and get more supply to all of our competitors will and we’ve been doing pretty well generally against that. We’re always making sure that we’re having good relationship with our property partners, we’re making sure we’re getting great prices and availability, we’re making sure we’re giving value to these partners. I feel pretty good about our position in Europe right now and I don’t really in the checks partners that we’ve had the numbers that we’ve looked at in all things I have not seen anything yet from any competitor in terms of European getting in-roads in there because of any reason.
Deepak Mathivanan: Great thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brian Fitzgerald of Jeffries. Your line is open.
Brian Fitzgerald: Thanks, guys. I wanted to ask around non-traditional inventory, how you feel about the depth and breadth of supply there going forward? That’s it, thanks.
Glenn Fogel: Well, I was very happy Brian when we did our announcement a few weeks ago about 5 million listings that was something that the team was happy about and we were all happy about it’s $5.2 million now. I also made the note here and I’ve talked about this in the past about that while we do like hiring a lot of listings we do recognize that if we don’t have all the right type of listings and I spoke specifically in my prepared remarks about wanting to get more single home inventory. And I talked in the past about we don’t have it all in the right geography some places we have great breadth and depth, some areas not so much. So there’s a tremendous amount of opportunity in front of us to go out and get more of that. But just getting inventory isn’t enough and we’ve said this I'm just talking about somebody else getting more inventory and how it’s going to affect them well it’s the same thing with us. I talked in the past the importance of not only getting that availability and that connectivity in those properties onto our platform, but just making sure that the customer when they’re thinking about where they’re going is thinking about us for that type of accommodation. The awareness of our non-hotel accommodations in the U.S. is not nearly as high as we would like it to be, we recognize that and I don’t know if you’ve seen some of our recent advertisements by booking.com they have one going right now, running right now that is specifically oriented to that type of property, but one thing as we recognized to be successful to be very successful and to be a leader throughout the world is this we need to have the right inventory everywhere.
Brian Fitzgerald: Great. Thanks, Glenn.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jason Patterson of Raymond James. Your line is open.
Jason Patterson : Great, thank you very much. Shifting back to the high level investment themes and technology changes, AI has been one of your investment areas, it sounds like we had some good success with natural language processing. Could you talk about how that’s being used in the business today? What benefits you’re seeing from that? And how you think that changes the business over the long-term? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: Sure. One of the areas that I guess I'm not sure if you read our shareholder letter that I wrote for the proxy, but we talked a little bit about how we’re using customer service the Chatbot and how we’re very pleased with the result how that’s doing right now. It really is a great thing because customers are happy, because it’s easier, quicker, faster to get their problem solved. We like it because it helps in terms of our expenses obviously all good there. And that’s one example and there are going to be a lot more examples there down the road. But I'm sorry what was your other -- do you have another question?
Jason Patterson : No just kind of long-term, where do you see the AI benefit so that piece you just described is cost side, how do you think about that playing into bookings and other areas of the business?
Glenn Fogel: Well, obviously personalization is so important and that’s part of that whole holistic system that I’ve talked about probably getting some of you are bred with me talking about it. But it's important so I'm just going to keep repeating it. And then there is the idea a customer with the incredible amount of choice and all the different things that they could do as such. It's helpful to give them guidance. And I always give the analogy of it all time human travel agent who knew everything about you because they knew the things you've done of the past, our new year income, they knew what you liked, what kind of trip you should have, what kind of restaurants you should go to, what kind of attraction you should go, what the experience you should have, how you're going to get from your home to the airport, how you are going to go from the airport to the hotel or the non-hotel depending on what it was and all those great things. That's what AI needs to recreate so that when people come to us we are able to provide them with really is the perfect trip and make their lives easier. I am certain you have done leisure travel and you've been frustrated. And it's frustrating for me too. I still have these issues, but I know that with technology we can cure this stuff and the people who cure those problems first who get rid of that friction who make it easier for everybody those are the number of the people who people are going to come to direct are going to be the winners. And we want to be that person.
Jason Patterson : Thanks, Glenn. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tom While of D.A. Davidson. Your line is open. 
Tom While : Great, thanks for taking my question. Maybe just a follow up on kind of the deceleration that we’ve seen in the growth of the business over the past few quarters and sort of vis-à-vis your alternative accommodation product. I guess, I'm just trying to understand if there is potential do you think for this product to kind of be large enough overtime to reaccelerate your overall growth rate in any meaningful way maybe through adding pockets of supply like you mentioned in some geographies or more home inventory or maybe just growing consumer awareness of the category. Just trying to understand if this is a big enough product to may be kind a reverse the decel that we've seen recently.
Glenn Fogel: Well, could is an interesting world I mean. Yes, it could and it might. One of the interesting issues in that right now. And I'm going to use your question just to refine it a little bit. So clearly we think it's very important right now. And we know our customers want it, we're going on getting that inventory. But we're also making sure that we obey the rules. Not all municipalities want to just let this go will nearly they have all sorts of ideas and how they should be regulated.  And we are fully in favor of working with local municipalities, local organizations to make sure this is done appropriately. Because of its mind if we just let everybody just doing nothing really, you can end up with potential the tragedy the comments issue where it caused the problem for the entire city. And we’ve seen certain cities where people are objecting to that type of tourism because it's making life for the people who live there very, very difficult. On top of that there are some municipalities that believe that this type of activity is doing -- having effects on rental places for the people who live here. And if you saw the recent thing on that all sorts of issue like that. So one of the things we are very much in favor of much of this, but we want to do it legally and recognize very, very happy to see a couple of weeks ago, when the Mayer of Paris came out and was talking about how we are a role model for doing this the right way, so that's good. Second thing interesting, I'm not sure if you saw or heard about or seen about one of the major chain hotels that is out there and is now testing doing home sharing, it's small test, but they're out there doing it too. So it will be interesting overtime we are the blending where you people don't make much of a distinction that is just I need a place to stay and I look. And they come to booking.com and we have all the stuff there. And they see which property is right for that particular trip. So I don't want to think about at the end of the day is it going to be bigger or smaller than traditional or not. I just want everything to get bigger for us. 
Tom While : Okay, thanks for the color. 
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I’d like to turn to Mr. Fogel for closing remarks.
Glenn Fogel: Thank you. I want to end by saying that I'm very pleased with our first quarter results. We balance attractive growth with profit margin expansion and we will pursue the strategy we've just talked about to give us the highest probability of capitalizing on this very large opportunity that we have in front of us. I look forward to speaking with you all next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude your program. Thank you for your participation in today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-27 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Glenn D. Fogel - Booking Holdings Inc. David I. Goulden - Booking Holdings Inc. Daniel J. Finnegan - Booking Holdings Inc.
Analysts: Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Mark A. May - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Dae K. Lee - JPMorgan Securities LLC Justin Post - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. Paul Bieber - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co. LLC Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Deepak Mathivanan - Barclays Capital, Inc.
Operator:   Welcome to Booking Holdings, formerly The Priceline Group, Fourth Quarter 2017 Conference Call. Booking Holdings would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Booking Holdings' actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the safe harbor statements at the end of Booking Holdings' earnings press release as well as Booking Holdings' most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Booking Holdings undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Booking Holdings' earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the For Investors section of Booking Holdings' website, www.bookingholdings.com. And now I'd like to introduce Booking Holdings' speakers for this afternoon: Glenn Fogel, Daniel Finnegan and David Goulden. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Glenn D. Fogel: Thank you, and welcome to Booking Holdings' Fourth Quarter Conference Call. I'm joined this afternoon by our CFO, Dan Finnegan, in what will be his final earnings call before retiring, and David Goulden, our soon-to-start CFO, who I am pleased to welcome today, though his start date is March 1. David has an impressive background in financial and operational management at EMC and more recently as part of the Dell-EMC combined team. I am looking forward to working with David and know he will play an important role in the continued success of our company. David, welcome.
David I. Goulden: Thanks, Glenn. I'm very excited to join the Booking Holdings team and I look forward to working with you and Dan and the rest of the leadership team to first dig deep into the business to understand it as well as all of you do, and then to help drive its future success across all of its aspects. Also, I look forward to meeting many of you on the call over the coming weeks and months.
Glenn D. Fogel: Thank you, David. I am pleased to report that Booking Holdings performed well in the fourth quarter, with worldwide accommodation reservations of 152 million room nights, which is up 17% year-over-year and exceeded the high end of our guidance range. Consolidated gross bookings were up 19% year-over-year in U.S. dollars or about 14% on a constant-currency basis. Gross profit was up 22% year-over-year in U.S. dollars or about 17% on a constant-currency basis, and adjusted EBITDA increased 23% year-over-year to $1.1 billion. I am particularly pleased with the results of our performance marketing optimization efforts during the quarter. We raised ROIs across our pay channels, improving performance advertising efficiency, whilst still delivering solid growth in bookings. We were also successful in driving growth through our direct channel, which is an important to the long-term health of our business. And I want to specifically send out a thank you to our talented marketing teams, who successfully navigated this difficult-to-predict marketplace, achieving better-than-expected results during the quarter. As we've said in the past, our efforts to drive greater efficiency in this complex and dynamic marketplace will produce strategic and financial benefits, but we still expect to face continuing long-term pressure in this area. Let me now briefly highlight a few points about our 2017 performance. It was a good year for the company. We grew our room nights by 21%, which represents over 116 million incremental room nights booked in the year. Performance in our key regions around the world was strong, and we believe we achieved market share gains in some of our major geographies, such as the United States. Moreover, we combined this top-line growth with EBITDA growth of approximately 18% and non-GAAP EPS growth of 17%, which was strong performance, considering we began to undertake some important investments in the second half of the year. We made good progress on many of our key initiatives for the year. We expanded our marketplace, adding new supply and continued to be one of the world's largest accommodation platforms. Booking.com added over 470,000 properties last year and ended the year with almost 1.6 million properties on its website and mobile app. This supply diversity brings unsurpassed choice and selection for our customers with what we believe to be the best desktop and mobile tools and customer support in the industry. We also made progress growing our alternative accommodation properties to approximately 1.2 million homes, apartments and other unique places to stay on Booking.com's platform, which represents a 53% year-over-year growth rate. Booking.com has changed its property classifications into two categories, the first representing more traditional accommodations, including hotels, motels and resorts; and the second, encompassing alternative accommodations, including homes, apartments and other unique places to stay. We believe this new classification is more consistent with those used by other industry participants and allows for a more direct comparison of our non-hotel supplies. We began to accelerate investments to build an effective payments platform at Booking.com. This initiative, in which we are in the very early stages and expect to continue to invest in throughout 2018, is important as we expand our merchant capabilities and give our property partners and customers more flexibility with respect to payment options. We made investments building a better customer experience across many of our brands. We believe these investments should improve the quality of our customer interaction as we look to support our customers across the entire journey. We plan to continue to develop and use technology, such as AI, to drive efficiencies in this area. While we are still in the early stages, we feel good about the integration of KAYAK and Momondo. The teams are working well together and we are seeing early evidence of the benefits of the combination. We're excited to see what they can achieve in 2018 and beyond. Turning to 2018. I will spend a few minutes commenting on our key strategic priorities for the year, many of which I mentioned on our Q3 earnings call. We expect to continue to aggressively expand our supply of homes, apartments and other unique places to stay. To do this, we are investing in tools to help our supply partners more efficiently onboard their properties and more effectively manage their participation in our marketplace. We know that our customers benefit by seeing the largest breadth of all types of accommodations. And although we believe we are a global leader in the area of homes, apartments and other unique places to stay, we recognize that in some geographies, our abilities in this area are not as well-known as in other geographies, and we are determined to make sure that customers in all geographies are aware of our excellent offers in this area. Providing holistic frictionless travel for our customers remains a long-term goal and we are making investments this year to help us achieve this vision. Providing an integrated ground transportation offering is a part of this holistic travel concept. Rentalcars.com and Booking.com have recently started working together more closely to provide bookings customers with an airport ground transportation offering. We believe this is a first step to bring ground transportation offerings to Booking.com and leverage our scale across our brands to bring great services to our customers. We were experimenting with providing in-destination experiences and currently have tests running in multiple markets. Whether you want to visit a museum or book a tour, Booking.com wants its mobile app to eventually become the center of your entire travel experience. It is extremely early days for us, but we are excited about the long-term potential in this area. Finally, we will look to continue our optimization efforts in our pay channels with the goal of properly balancing ROI discipline and top-line growth. We continuously evaluate each channel and support those that deliver appropriate ROIs, treat our conversion-friendly product displays fairly and offer a superior consumer experience, with the overall goal of building our direct traffic over time. If successful, these optimization efforts should produce benefits over the long run. Also, brand marketing remains an important investment as we seek to not only increase our share of direct traffic, but also enhance our effectiveness in the pay channels. We plan to continue to experiment with the right mix of marketing spend and geographic focus to achieve our long-term goals. In terms of capital return, I am proud of our track record here. We have returned about $6 billion of capital over the last three years, including over $1.8 billion in 2017. We believe this demonstrates our commitment to returning excess capital to our shareholders. Dan will discuss this in more detail, but the recent U.S. tax law change will enable us to access our international cash more efficiently. Our Board of Directors recently approved an incremental $8 billion share repurchase authorization. So we now have a total of $10 billion authorized for share repurchases. We expect to execute repurchases by using a programmic (sic) [programmatic] and opportunistic approach that reflects our increased access to our international cash and future cash flows. Now I want to provide a few quick comments on our recent name change and the rationale for doing so. The Priceline Group has evolved significantly since it was founded in 1997 as priceline.com, with a unique, Name Your Own Price airline ticket service to become today a company with multiple travel brands. Under The Priceline Group name, we became one of the world's leading providers of online travel and related services. Today, our Amsterdam-based Booking.com brand has grown into a business of significant global scale, averaging over 1 million room nights booked per day. Booking.com drives a significant majority of our company's total operating results. We believe this name change better reflects the truly global operation that we have become today, more closely aligns our parent company name with our largest business and connects our collective brands, Booking.com, priceline.com, KAYAK, Agoda, Rentalcars.com and OpenTable under a unified name. Booking Holdings reflects our brand's sheer purpose to book services which further our mission to help people experience the world. Today was the first day that our stock traded under the new ticker symbol, BKNG. Finally, I want to say thank you to our outgoing CFO, Dan Finnegan. It is hard to overstate the role Dan has played in his almost 14-year career here at the company. Since he started with us in 2004, Dan's leadership and guidance had been an important part of the success we have witnessed during his time here. I and everyone associated with Booking Holdings wish him well in his retirement. With that, I will turn it over to you, Dan.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Thanks, Glenn. Let me start by welcoming David onboard. I'm happy we have found such a talented person to step into the role and I look forward to us working together to achieve a smooth transition. Now to the quarter. I'll discuss operating results and cash flows for the quarter and then provide guidance for the first quarter of 2018. All growth rates referenced in my comments are relative to the prior year comparable period, unless otherwise indicated. Our non-GAAP financial results and forecasts include stock-based compensation and are reconciled to our GAAP results in our earnings release. In early November when we gave guidance for Q4, we talked about a recent change we've made to optimize ROIs in our performance advertising channels. The Booking.com team did a superb job of executing this strategy, delivering performance advertising efficiency and gross bookings growth that exceeded our forecast. The strong gross bookings performance also benefited gross profit for the quarter. The result was top- and bottom-line performance that substantially exceeded our guidance and FactSet analyst expectations. Room nights booked in Q4 grew by 17%, decelerating modestly on a sequential basis, despite a very difficult prior year comp and our ROI optimization strategy. Rental car day reservations grew by 5%, consistent with the Q3 growth rate. Average daily rates for accommodations, or ADRs, were down about 1% for Q4 versus prior year on a constant-currency basis for the consolidated group, which was consistent with our forecast. Foreign exchange rates favorably impacted growth rates expressed in U.S. dollars for our Q4 results as compared to prior year. Q4 gross bookings grew by 19%, expressed in U.S. dollars and grew by about 14% on a constant currency basis. Consolidated gross profit for the fourth quarter was $2.8 billion and grew by 22% in U.S. dollars and by about 17% on a constant currency basis. Gross profit includes $37 million from our acquisition of the Momondo Group, which we closed on July 24, 2017. Our international-based operations generated gross profit of approximately $2.4 billion, which grew by 23% in U.S. dollars and by about 17% on a constant currency basis. Gross profit for our U.S.-based operations amounted to $337 million, which grew about 15% compared to the prior year, including the benefit of a $12 million accrual reversal based upon a favorable hotel occupancy tax litigation ruling. Advertising and other revenue, which is mainly comprised of non-intercompany revenues for KAYAK and OpenTable, grew by 29% in Q4 compared to the prior year, including revenue from Momondo. GAAP operating income grew by 25%, and GAAP operating margins increased by 89 bps compared to Q4 last year. Operating margin performance was substantially better than our forecast due mainly to gross profit growth and performance marketing efficiency that exceeded forecast. Non-advertising OpEx expenses pressured year-over-year margins, but were favorable to forecast due to the phasing of expenses. We increased our investment in brand advertising by 108% or $44 million in Q4 to build brand awareness and drive traffic directly to our websites. Adjusted EBITDA for Q4 amounted to about $1.1 billion, which exceeded the top end of our guidance range of $910 million and grew by 23% versus prior year. GAAP net loss amounted to $555 million or $11.41 per share, including $1.3 billion of provisional net income tax expense related to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, comprised of a $1.6 billion deemed repatriation tax on our accumulated international earnings, including state and local taxes and international withholding taxes, partly offset by a $217 million income tax benefit from revaluing our net deferred tax liabilities from 35% to the new statutory rate of 21%. Non-GAAP fully diluted net income per share, which excludes the onetime tax expense impact from the U.S. Tax Act, was $16.86, up 19% versus the prior year, exceeding our guidance for the quarter and FactSet consensus of $14.12. In terms of cash flow, full year 2017 operating cash flow amounted to $4.7 billion and grew by 17%. We returned about $700 million during the fourth quarter and about $1.8 billion for the full year 2017 to our shareholders through share buybacks. Since December 31 through yesterday, we have spent an additional $380 million to purchase about 200,000 shares. We also intend to spend about $700 million in Q1 based upon yesterday's closing stock price to settle the conversion premium on our 1% convertible bonds that mature in March using cash, which beneficially impacts our fully diluted share count going forward. 2017 full year free cash flow amounted to almost $4.4 billion, growing by 18%. About 35% of our full year gross profit converted to free cash flow, which is a function of attractive operating margins and capital efficiency for our business. Our cash and investments amounted to $17.8 billion at year-end. The Tax Act allows us to use this balance and future international cash flows in the U.S. with no additional U.S. federal tax expense due on repatriation beyond the onetime deemed repatriation tax that I just mentioned. This deemed repatriation tax liability that we recorded in Q4, amounting to $1.3 billion, net of about $200 million of U.S. NOLs that we expect to utilize to reduce the tax due, is payable over eight years and does not impact 2017 net cash flow from operations. Before I get to guidance for Q1, I want to discuss a couple of new accounting pronouncements that will impact our financial statements for the first time in Q1 2018. First, pursuant to the new revenue recognition standard, which took effect on January 1, we will now recognize substantially all our revenue at check-in rather than at checkout, as we had in the past. We estimate that the net impact of the change in accounting standard for the full year will be immaterial. However, the impacts on our quarterly revenue are expected to be more significant. A meaningful amount of travel checks in during December and checks out in January, which means that under the New Accounting Standard, this revenue will be recognized each year in Q4 rather than Q1, as it was under the Previous Accounting Standard. We have provided additional information in our earnings release to help you model the quarterly allocation of our 2018 revenue under the new revenue accounting. Also, to help with the transition, our financial statement footnotes in each quarter of 2018 will show what the revenue in 2018 would have been if it were recognized at checkout, as it was in 2017. Gross bookings and other unit metrics, like room night reservations, are not impacted by the new revenue accounting. Another impact of the New Revenue Accounting Standard is that we will no longer report our Name Your Own Price revenue on a gross basis with a corresponding cost of revenue for the amount paid to the travel providers. These amounts will be reported on a net basis in revenue, which is consistent with how we record our other travel revenue. Another accounting change taking effect in Q1 requires that unrealized gains and losses on publicly traded equity investments, like our investment in Ctrip shares, will be recorded in the income statement rather than equity, starting in Q1 2018. We expect to exclude these unrealized gains and losses from our non-GAAP results, because they are unpredictable and are not indicative of the core operating results of our business. The guidance that I am about to provide is based on the new revenue recognition accounting that I just mentioned, which is also the basis upon which our results for Q1 will be reported. This basis is different than the previous revenue accounting basis which we used for 2017 and upon which analyst forecasts were prepared. Year-over-year growth rates are based upon comparison to our Q1 2017 results as reported last year under the Previous Accounting Standard. Revenue growth and margin performance is based upon comparison to prior year's Q1 gross profit due to the change from gross basis to net basis revenue reported in – reporting in 2018 that I just mentioned. Our guidance reflects our quarter-to-date actual results and assumes that our growth rates will decelerate over the remainder of the quarter, mainly due to the size of our business and consistent with long-term trends. Our guidance also reflects a difficult prior year comp and the impact of our performance marketing optimization efforts. We also expect that Easter falling on April 1 this year will negatively impact Q1 gross bookings and room night growth slightly as we received cancellations leading up to Easter and people start traveling towards the end of March. We estimate that Easter taking place earlier this year will benefit Q1 revenue, operating profit, EBITDA, net income and profit margins and will negatively impact those metrics in Q2, in both cases compared to the prior year. We estimate that earlier Easter will shift about $90 million of revenue on a check-in basis from Q2 into Q1 this year. Under the Previous Revenue Accounting Standard, we estimate that earlier Easter would shift about $30 million of revenue on a checkout basis from Q2 into Q1 this year. Our Q1 forecast is based upon recent foreign exchange rates, which provide a nice tailwind to our growth rates expressed in U.S. dollars. We're forecasting booked room nights to grow by 8% to 12% and total gross bookings to grow by 14.5% to 18.5% in U.S. dollars and by 6% to 10% on a constant-currency basis. Our Q1 forecast assumes that constant-currency accommodation ADRs for the consolidated group will be down by about 1% compared to the prior year period. We forecast Q1 revenue to grow by 17.5% to 21.5% in U.S. dollars and by 9% to 13% on a constant-currency basis compared to gross profit in 2017. GAAP operating income is expected to grow by 6% to 10% and GAAP operating margin is expected to be about 230 bps lower than prior year Q1. Q1 adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $680 million and $705 million, which, at the midpoint, is up about 9% versus prior year. We forecast that adjusted EBITDA margin will be about 235 bps lower than prior year Q1. Our Q1 forecast assumes that our ROI optimization efforts will yield year-over-year performance marketing efficiency. The deleverage assumed in our forecast reflects the investments in brand advertising and non-advertising operating expenses that Glenn just spoke about. These investments have a more significant margin impact in Q1 and Q2, which are quarters in which we typically earn a smaller share of our annual profits due to the normal seasonality of our business. Although we are not giving detailed guidance beyond Q1, we do expect deleverage in non-advertising OpEx and brand advertising throughout 2018, but diminishing in the second half as we lap investments made last year. We assume that operating margins will benefit from increased performance marketing efficiency until we anniversary the optimization efforts that started in Q3 last year. We forecast GAAP EPS between $9.05 to $9.45 per share for Q1, which at the midpoint is up about 2% versus prior year. Our EPS guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of about 49.2 million shares, reflects the beneficial impact of the common stock repurchases we have made to date and settlement of our maturing convertible bonds in cash on March 15. Our GAAP EPS guidance for Q1 assumes a tax rate of 20% compared to the prior year tax rate of 14%, which included nonrecurring discrete items that lowered the rate by about 2 percentage points. The increase in the 2018 forecasted tax rate reflects our best estimate of our tax expense under the U.S. Tax Act, estimated state and local taxes on our international earnings and an increase in the Innovation Box Tax rate in the Netherlands from 5% to 7%. Due to the relatively short amount of time since enactment of the U.S. Tax Act and the complexity involved in evaluating and applying its provisions, our estimates may change as we proceed through the quarter and the year and additional guidance is issued by the Treasury Department, the IRS, state tax authorities and other authorities. We are forecasting Q1 non-GAAP fully diluted net income per share of approximately $10 to $10.40 per share, which at the midpoint is up about 3% versus prior year. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast includes an estimated income tax rate of approximately 20%, which is higher than the prior year rate for the same reasons I've just discussed for the GAAP tax rate. Our earnings release also includes detailed non-GAAP guidance for Q1 2018 under the Previous Revenue Accounting Standard, which is how our 2017 results were reported and analyst estimates have been prepared. We estimate that revenue and adjusted EBITDA amounts in the guidance I just gave would be about $65 million to $70 million higher if revenue were recognized at checkout as it was prior to adoption of the New Revenue Accounting Standard. In summary, Q1 guidance under the Previous Revenue Accounting Standard for adjusted EBITDA would be $745 million to $770 million and non-GAAP EPS would be $11 to $11.40 per share, which compares to FactSet consensus of $10.35. We have hedge contracts in place to substantially shield our first quarter EBITDA and net earnings from any further fluctuation in currencies versus the dollar between now and the end of the quarter, but the hedges do not protect our gross bookings, revenue or operating profit from the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. Our forecast does not assume any significant change in macroeconomic conditions in general or in the travel market in particular. We will now take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Eric Sheridan with UBS. You may begin.
Eric J. Sheridan:
Glenn D. Fogel:
Eric J. Sheridan:
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Lloyd Walmsley with Deutsche Bank. You may begin.
Lloyd Walmsley:
Glenn D. Fogel:
Lloyd Walmsley:
Daniel J. Finnegan:
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley. You may begin.
Brian Nowak:
Glenn D. Fogel:
Daniel J. Finnegan:
Glenn D. Fogel:
Brian Nowak:
Glenn D. Fogel:
Brian Nowak:
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Douglas Anmuth with JPMorgan. You may begin. Douglas, your line is open. Please check your mute button. Our next question comes from Mark May with Citi. You may begin.
Mark A. May:
Glenn D. Fogel:
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Douglas Anmuth with JPMorgan. You may begin.
Dae K. Lee:
Glenn D. Fogel:
Daniel J. Finnegan:
Dae K. Lee:
Daniel J. Finnegan:
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney with RBC. You may begin.
Unidentified Analyst:
Glenn D. Fogel :
Unidentified Analyst:
Glenn D. Fogel:
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Justin Post with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. You may begin.
Justin Post :
Daniel J. Finnegan:
Justin Post:
Glenn D. Fogel:
Justin Post:
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Bieber with Credit Suisse. You may begin.
Paul Bieber:
Daniel J. Finnegan:
Paul Bieber:
Glenn D. Fogel:
Paul Bieber:
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Kopelman with Cowen. You may begin.
Kevin Kopelman:
Glenn D. Fogel:
Kevin Kopelman:
Glenn D. Fogel:
Kevin Kopelman:
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs. You may begin.
Heath Terry:
Glenn D. Fogel:
Daniel J. Finnegan:
Glenn D. Fogel:
Heath Terry:
Operator: Our last question is from Deepak Mathivanan with Barclays Capital. You may begin.
Deepak Mathivanan:
Daniel J. Finnegan:
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Glenn D. Fogel: Thank you. I'm going to give the final word to Dan. Dan, your final word.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Thanks, Glenn. As we close my last earnings call as CFO, I'd like to thank analyst and investors for your insightful questions and interest in our company. I also want to thank my colleagues all around the world for their hard work and skill to deliver another fantastic year in a string of many amazing years of growth and profitability. It has been a wonderful experience being part of your team. I wish you all you the best. And I look forward to following your continued future success.
Glenn D. Fogel: Thank you, Dan, and we all wish you the best. And thank you, everybody, for participating in our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-06 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc. Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.
Analysts: Perry Gold - MoffettNathanson Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Mark A. May - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Douglas T. Anmuth - JPMorgan Securities LLC Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Paul Bieber - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Deepak Mathivanan - Barclays Capital, Inc. Robert James Coolbrith - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC Jed Kelly - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co. Justin T. Patterson - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Michael Millman - Millman Research Naved Khan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Brad Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities
Operator: Welcome to The Priceline Group's third quarter 2017 conference call. The Priceline Group would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause the group's actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statement at the end of the group's earnings press release as well as the group's most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, The Priceline Group undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of the group's earnings press release together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement is available for Investors section on The Priceline Group's website, www.pricelinegroup.com. And now, I'd like to introduce The Priceline Group's speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and Daniel Finnegan. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Thank you and welcome to The Priceline Group's third quarter conference call. I am joined this afternoon by our Priceline Group's CFO, Dan Finnegan. The group produced a solid quarter, reporting worldwide accommodation reservations of 178 million room nights, which is up 19% year over year and exceeded the high-end of our guidance range. Consolidated gross bookings were up about 18% year over year in U.S. dollars, or about 16% on a constant-currency basis. Gross profit was up about 22% year over year in U.S. dollars, or about 19% on a constant-currency basis. Adjusted EBITDA increased 18% year over year to $2.2 billion. Our room night growth was healthy, considering a difficult year-over-year comparable. I believe this growth reflects strong execution by our brands in all of our key global markets. During the third quarter, we continued to develop and implement our performance and brand advertising strategies and made other investments in the business. Our results and our outlook for growth and operating margins are reflective of these steps. And going forward, these investments will enable us to further build on our foundation for the future. As you know, Booking.com has been building its investment in brand advertising over the past several years. Our results to-date and developments in the marketplace have encouraged us to continue this investment to further build this channel as a material source of direct traffic and as a way to bolster the effectiveness of our performance-based advertising. We believe these media investments will also help us build awareness in our vacation rental business, where we've been adding scale rapidly. By the end of the year, we expect to be advertising Booking.com on TV in approximately 30 countries compared to 12 countries in 2016. This continued spend as we build campaigns in additional geographies and increased media support in markets where we are already advertising will put pressure on margins. However, we believe this spend represents an important long-term investment in the franchise and is the right thing to do at this time. In performance-based channels, competition for top placement has reduced ROIs over the years and been a source of margin pressure, with an increasing share of the unit economics accruing to the benefit of our advertising partners. This has been a concern to us since some of these partners use our advertising dollars to compete with us in the advertising funnel and represent themselves as places to not only research travel but also book it. We are looking at each channel and managing them to ensure that we are supporting channels which deliver appropriate ROIs, treat our conversion-friendly product displays fairly, and offer a superior consumer experience with the overall goal of building our direct traffic over time. These actions may create modest headwinds for top line growth in future quarters, but we believe are essential to building an effective and sustainable program. This year we have experienced continued pressure on non-advertising operating expenses, and I want to outline some of the areas where we are investing. As our businesses have scaled, we have grown our IT development resources at a faster rate than gross profit growth in order to innovate on the product side. We are working to capture the promise of new technologies and platforms, including investments in machine learning and other areas of artificial intelligence. In addition, we have added resources to support global customer and partner services functions. One of the most promising areas is offering accommodations beyond the traditional hotel. The number of these types of properties Booking.com now supports has grown rapidly over the last 12 months. This type of supply has a lower average number of bookable rooms per property, and the partners often require more services to maintain their listings. In addition, this type of product has a higher level of customer contacts due to its unique nature. As a result, we must add staff in both partner and customer services to support this business as well as add additional IT support. As we further develop this business segment for long-term success, we expect that some of these investments will continue to put pressure on operating margins in coming quarters. And aggressively expanding our vacation rental business is a key part of our growth strategy. As consumers increasingly desire to explore more unique places to stay, including homes and apartments, we want Booking.com to remain to be the leading platform to search and book all types of accommodations. As of September 30, Booking.com had over 816,000 vacation rental properties, which was a 58% year-over-year growth rate. These listings are fully integrated into our marketplace with the same booking path and the same great customer service. The addition of these non-traditional listings produces conversion benefits across our entire marketplace. And we note the investment in our vacation rental business has delivered rapid growth in listings and room night reservations that exceeds our consolidated growth rates. In total, Booking.com had 1.5 million instantly bookable properties on its platform as of September 30, which was a 41% year-over-year growth rate and represented approximately 26.9 million potentially bookable rooms. In closing, I am pleased with our third quarter performance, and we will continue to make the smart investments needed to push the pace of innovation across our brands and maximize the long-term value of our business. I would like to thank our employees around the world for their hard work and dedication, especially during the busy third quarter travel season that recently ended. I will now turn the call over to Dan with a detailed financial review.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Thanks, Glenn. I'll discuss operating results and cash flows for the quarter and then provide guidance for the fourth quarter of 2017. All growth rates referenced in my comments are relative to the prior-year comparable period unless otherwise indicated. I highlight that our non-GAAP financial results and forecasts include stock-based compensation and do not reflect a reduction to income tax expense related to available NOLs. The reconciliation between our GAAP and non-GAAP results is detailed in our earnings release. Room nights booked in Q3 grew by 19%. We were pleased to exceed the top end of our guidance range and experience relatively modest sequential deceleration in growth despite a very difficult prior-year comp and taking steps midway through the quarter to improve the efficiency of our performance marketing channels. Rental car day reservations grew by 5% compared to 12% growth in Q2. Average daily rates for accommodations, or ADRs, were down about 1% for Q3 versus prior year on a constant-currency basis for the consolidated group, which was consistent with our forecast. Foreign exchange rates favorably impacted growth rates expressed in U.S. dollars for our Q3 results as compared to prior year. Q3 gross bookings grew by 18%, expressed in U.S. dollars, and grew by about 16% on a constant-currency basis compared to prior year. Gross profit for the quarter for Priceline Group was $4.4 billion and grew by 22% in U.S. dollars and by about 19% on a constant-currency basis compared to prior year. Gross profit includes $33 million from our acquisition of the Momondo Group, which we closed on July 24. Our international operations generated gross profit of approximately $4 billion, which grew by 23% in U.S. dollars and by about 20% on a constant-currency basis compared to prior year. Gross profit for our U.S. operations amounted to $372 million, which grew about 11% compared to the prior year. Advertising and other revenue, which is mainly comprised of non-intercompany revenues for KAYAK and OpenTable, grew by 27% in Q3 compared to the prior year, including revenue from Momondo. GAAP operating income grew by 152% and GAAP operating margins increased by 2,483 bps compared to Q3 last year. Our Q3 2016 GAAP results include a $941 million non-cash goodwill impairment charge. Operating margin performance was better than our forecast due mainly to gross profit growth and performance marketing efficiency that exceeded forecast. We increased our investment in brand advertising by 55% in Q3 to build brand awareness and drive traffic directly to our websites. Adjusted EBITDA for Q3 amounted to $2.19 billion, which exceeded the top end of our guidance range of $2.13 billion and grew by 18% versus prior year. GAAP net income and fully diluted EPS both increased by 240%, with growth impacted by the goodwill impairment charge in Q3 2016. Non-GAAP fully diluted net income per share was $35.22, up 19% versus the prior year, exceeding our guidance for the quarter and FactSet consensus of $34.26. In terms of cash flow, we generated $1.9 billion of cash from operations during third quarter 2017, which is an increase of about 24%. In July, we paid about $556 million of our international cash to close the Momondo acquisition. During the third quarter, we returned $586 million to our stockholders through share buybacks. Since September 30 through Friday, we have spent an additional $166 million to purchase 87,000 shares. Year-to-date free cash flow amounted to almost $3.3 billion, growing by 20% compared to the prior year. About 34% of our gross profit converts to free cash flow, which is a function of attractive profit margins and capital efficiency for our business. Our cash and investments amounted to $18.4 billion at quarter close, with about $2.5 billion of that balance in the U.S. Now for Q4 guidance, our guidance assumes that our growth rates will decelerate mainly due to the size of our business and consistent with long-term trends. Our guidance also reflects an exceptionally difficult prior-year comparable because our 31% room night growth in the fourth quarter last year was the highest we had achieved in several years. Glenn just discussed steps we are taking to optimize the efficiency of our performance advertising spend, which we forecast will have a modestly negative impact on top line growth for the coming quarters. Our Q4 forecast is based upon recent foreign exchange rates, which favorably impact our growth rates expressed in U.S. dollars. We have hedge contracts in place to substantially shield our fourth quarter EBITDA net earnings from any further fluctuation in currencies versus the dollar between now and the end of the quarter, but the hedges did not protect our gross bookings, gross profit or our operating profit from the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. We are forecasting booked room nights to grow by 8% to 13% and total gross bookings to grow by 9.5% to 14.5% in U.S. dollars and by 5.5% to 10.5% on a constant-currency basis. Our Q4 forecast assumes the constant-currency accommodation ADRs for the consolidated group will be down by about 1% compared to the prior-year period. We forecast Q4 gross profit to grow by 10.5% to 15.5% in U.S. dollars and by 6% to 11% on a constant-currency basis. GAAP operating margins, expressed as operating income as a percentage of gross profit, are expected to be about 340 bps lower than prior year Q4. Q4 adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $870 million and $910 million, which at the midpoint, is up about 2% versus prior year. We forecasted adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of gross profit will be about 350 bps lower than prior year Q4. Our Q4 forecast reflects an assumed improvement in year-over-year performance marketing efficiency. The deleverage assumed in our forecast reflects the investments in brand advertising and non-advertising operating expenses that Glenn just spoke about. The investments in brand advertising and non-advertising operating expenses have a more significant margin impact in Q4 and Q1, which are quarters in which we earn a smaller share of our annual profits due to the normal seasonality of our business. We forecast GAAP EPS between $12.60 to $13.20 per share for Q4, which at the midpoint is down by about 4% versus prior year. Our EPS guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of about 49.7 million shares, which reflects the beneficial impact of common stock repurchases we've made to-date, offset by additional equivalent shares related to our convertible bonds due to the increase in our stock price. Our GAAP EPS guidance assumes a tax rate of 17% compared to the prior-year tax rate of 12%, which was beneficially impacted by non-recurring discrete items. We are forecasting Q4 non-GAAP fully diluted net income per share of approximately $13.40 to $14.00 per share, which at the midpoint is down by about 4% versus prior year. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast includes an estimated income tax rate of approximately 18%, which is higher than the prior year rate for the same reasons I just discussed for the GAAP tax rate. Our forecast does not assume any significant change in macroeconomic conditions in general or in the travel market in particular. We will now take your questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. And our first question will come from the line of Perry Gold with MoffettNathanson. Please proceed.
Perry Gold - MoffettNathanson: Thanks so much for taking the question. Given the lighter results from some of your competitors this quarter and your lighter guide for 4Q, is there any reason to believe there are structural issues with the broader online travel market or that rates of growth will be significantly less attractive over the next three to five years? Thanks so much.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Well, I'll take that, Dan, to start, and please add your own comments. So asking a question about what we think three to five years is a difficult thing to answer. I will say right now I don't see anything in the near horizon that would indicate there's any major structural change to travel or the way we're doing our businesses. Travel is a function of in a broader sense and in terms of global growth, that's the overall business. And then within us, we have the shift from offline to online and all the different ways people are able to travel, whether it be desktop, be it mobile. And now, as people are seeing the whole idea of doing a transaction using social commerce or messenger commerce. So I think in the end, I think this is still such a great opportunity for everybody. We are a single-digit share of this incredibly big and growing business industry. So I don't see anything. Dan, do you see anything?
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: The couple of things I called out in the prepared remarks, Perry, were, in particular, the comp that we had to prior year, where we had really high growth rates and the steps that we're taking in performance marketing to optimize ROIs. So I think that that will be with us for the coming quarters until we lap it. But I wouldn't call it structural. And fundamentally, the travel market feels healthy. You see the results reported by the big hotel chains and our competitors. It feels pretty strong to us. The things that have driven our growth in the past, rapidly adding properties to the platform, that continues. And I'm confident that our teams will continue to execute very effectively in adding properties going forward, continuing to improve the experience for our customers on our platforms, which drives better conversion and loyalty over time, and then also continue to effectively advertise our brands to bring new customers to the franchise going forward. So nothing structural from our perspective.
Perry Gold - MoffettNathanson: Thank, Glenn. Thanks, Dan.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking my questions. I have two. The first one is on the new branded ad campaign and that strategy. Can you just talk about why now is the time to really push so much harder on branded? Are you seeing some limits in your growth potential and your core performance marketing? You're so good at performance. So why push brands so hard right now? And the second one is on Meituan, can you just talk about importance of the Meituan partnership? And how is that different in how you're viewing it versus Ctrip, Agoda and Booking.com and your other Asia verticals?
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Hi, Brian. It's Glenn. So I'll take the branded campaign. So I think you may recall, back in July, at the last earnings call, we talked a bit about why we've increased our direct business for the long run and we set a strategic objective for us. And one way we do this is by increasing brand advertising. That's what we're doing. We continue to look at performance marketing. We judge is that helping or hurting, supporting or hindering the goal of increasing that direct bookings in the long run. So one of the things that we recognize in looking at all the other companies in our space and other industries and such is how important it is to get that one-to-one direct relationship. And that's what brand advertising can really do. So that's why we're pushing there. Regarding, Meituan, China is a large and important market for us. Our Asia-based subsidiary, Agoda, had a commercial relationship with Meituan for some time, and we were asked to participate in the $4 billion financing round. And that was led by Tencent. Tencent is a major backer of Meituan. As you know, it's one of the premier digital companies in the world. And along with Tencent, it was a list of super blue-chip financial investors, some of whom are investors in us in The Priceline Group. So when we were asked to participate in that, we thought that was a good use of our $450 million investment, and it's appropriate use for our shareholders' offshore cash. So we went and did it. I think it's going to be a good investment for our company.
Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Mark May with Citi. Please proceed.
Mark A. May - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Just wanted to ask you what sort of change relative to your expectations when you first gave Q3 guidance and then maybe a subset of that? I think you referenced that midway through Q3, you made some changes to your performance marketing strategy or mix. Did that end up helping or hurting room night growth and overall bookings in the quarter? Thanks.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Okay, Mark. This is Dan. I'll take that one. So, yeah, we said that as we proceeded through the quarter, we experimented with ways to better optimize our performance marketing spend. And I'd say, relative to our guidance that probably had a modest negative impact on top line growth and had a favorable impact on our performance marketing efficiency and bottom line profitability. That said, we're still pretty pleased with the growth that our teams were able to deliver with the marketing mix that they employed. And so we like the results that we saw in Q3.
Mark A. May - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Eric Sheridan with UBS. Please proceed.
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the question, maybe two, if I can. First, in terms of the rate we're seeing properties be added to your websites, that's always been normally a pretty good leading indicator for where growth is going to go. What's the message to investors about the rate you're seeing properties be added versus some of the decel we're seeing second half of this year? That's number one. And number two, I tried this last quarter but I'll try it again, just because you're talking more about branded. But with the mix to branded versus performance, how do you think longer term about what that might mean for the ROI you get overall on your marketing budget? Is there something where you're pushing in more now because you see the potential for ROI to improve long term? Thanks so much.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: So it's Glenn. One of the things that I made the point in my prepared remarks about – as we push out more and more of the vacation rental properties, they have a lower number of bookable rooms in each. So as we continue to add more properties, I understand where it can become more difficult to figure out what does that really mean in terms of growth because you don't know how many rooms are being added. I understand that problem. I can't really help you and tell you except you have to recognize that is a trend, and that will probably continue. Regarding the branded versus PPC, I think one of the things very important to recognize is the dynamic nature of how the performance marketing works. So while we can make change in terms of how much money we want to spend and we where we want to spend it, our partners are also making changes all the time, and other people and auctions are making changes. So this is dynamic and interactive, so it's difficult to project long term what's going to happen. Under the current situation, as I mentioned again in my prepared remarks, we're evaluating all the time holistically on what the impact is when we're advertising in performance marketing channels, what is the benefit we're going to get out of it? What's the near term and what do we think we're going to get long term is? Is this a good customer experience that we're getting? Is this something we're getting the appropriate ROI? Do we believe the way our display is being done is the right way, the way it's going to optimize for us for the long run or not? And again, all these factors are always changing. So it's very hard to predict in the future what it's going to be. Dan, do you want to add anything to that?
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: I'd just say that over time, driving customers to come to us directly should have a nice beneficial impact on overall advertising efficiency. We'll reach some point in time where we're in the markets we want to be with brand advertising and we're spending the level of spend we think that's right to get the reach and frequency that we want. And so we should be able to have good leverage in the longer term once we get to that optimal level of spend.
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks so much.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Mark Mahaney with RBC. Please proceed.
Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, thanks. You didn't call out hurricanes at all – the unusual hurricane season. Does that mean it just was not material to your business? Secondly, in terms of marketing channels, what about social media? How do you consider that? And does that fall under the branded category, any learnings from there? And then, just broadly, when you think about brand advertising campaigns, this is something that I think Priceline as a company has been not just experimenting with, but really has been relying on, it's smaller than performance, but it's been using more and more over the years. Can you just step back and talk about the learnings that you've got from that? And is it that you're seeing something that's giving you the confidence to expand from 12 to 30 markets or whatever those numbers are? So forget about performance. Just focus on brand and what you've seen there that makes you want to spend more in that channel. Thanks a lot.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Hi, Mark. It's Glenn. So hurricanes, I think we really didn't see a material impact on hurricanes that we could determine. Of course, it's very hard to prove the counterfactual. If there had been no storms, what would the numbers have been? I don't know, but we don't see anything that's obvious. Two, regarding the social marketing, that certainly is something that is very, very important for us to get our handle on going forward, because in other parts of the world – when I say other parts of the world, I mean the non-U.S., particularly Asia, the social marketing is becoming more and more important. And we recognize that it's – well, nascent. We need to be on top of it, which is why we're making investments so that we can learn and be able to do things there, but it is a relatively small – very small portion of our advertising right now. But we recognize that in the future, it could become much bigger, particularly, in the Asian markets. And the last thing was about advertising as such, so a couple things on that. One, certainly, we don't want to be giving away the playbook to our competitors on what's going on. But I'll speak generically that, over the last few years, the ability to measure the impact of marketing has increased substantially, particularly as you test things digitally and see is this something that's working or something that's not working, being able to modify quickly and come out with a new spot, is that better or worse. So given that improvement, we are feeling more confident in being able to put money to work in those channels and be more hopeful that we'll be able to know whether or not that money is working quickly or not. It's a very old, old saying, a tribute to Wanamaker about – I know half my advertising is wasted, but I just don't know which half. Certainly, still, there is no doubt still some truth to that, but we're getting more science than there used to be, so that's hopeful.
Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you, Glenn.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Justin Post with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, thank you, a couple of questions. It seems like both you and Expedia are shifting your ad spend around and maybe room night growth has been below expectations in Q4. Who would you think is getting those incremental room nights in those ad channels? Do you think it's the hotels themselves or any thoughts on that? And the second thing is, clearly you believe the branded spend will drive some bookings or you wouldn't be doing it. When would you expect to start seeing a real positive benefit? Would that be next summer travel season, or could it be earlier in the first half next year? Thank you.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: I can't really comment on Expedia. I'll simply talk about us. And I think Dan mentioned a bunch of the reasons when we look at Q4 versus Q4 last year about what our growth rate is and he gave those factors, and I won't repeat them. In terms of projections beyond this quarter, again, we think that what we're doing is the right thing for the value of the franchise long term, and that's why we're doing it.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Doug Anmuth with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Douglas T. Anmuth - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the questions. I just wanted to stick with the marketing and advertising theme. But, Glenn, as you talked about evaluating the holistic impact of performance in both the near and long term, can you just talk about what that means for your own properties, KAYAK and Momondo, and how that may open up opportunities for them? And then secondly, with the push from 12 to 30 markets, clearly you've spent on Booking.com in the U.S. in the past. But just curious if that overall push includes bigger efforts in the U.S. for Booking? Thanks.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: I'll take the second one first because it's an easy one. Again, I don't want to give away to the competitors where we're going to spend and how much we're going to spend, et cetera. So I'm not going to talk about that in any detail. Regarding the first question, repeat it, please.
Douglas T. Anmuth - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Just KAYAK and Momondo strategy there and what perhaps dialing back from some of the other performance channels might mean for how you're doing with KAYAK and Momondo to create opportunities for them?
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: KAYAK and Momondo I think are great franchises right now. Primarily, right now, they're spending a lot of time on the air side. That's where they're really doing a lot more of the focus. They have great technologies that are enabling customers to get great products, a great decision on how to achieve their air tickets going down. And I think that one of the things I think that Steve Hafner runs it, he completely understands the concept of being a partner with the advertiser. It's working with them to do what's best for both sides. So I think that there could be some more opportunities other people aren't wiling to do that. I think that working with your people or paying the money is a great way to help develop a win-win partnership. And I think Steve understands that greatly.
Douglas T. Anmuth - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Lloyd Walmsley with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. Two, if I can. First, do you feel like your marketing attribution models regarding brand spend have improved really to a point where you can deploy more brand spend with more measurable return on ad spend than you've been able to historically given both the direct impact and secondary benefit from your search quality scores? Or is it more strategic? And then, I guess, stepping back, sticking with the marketing theme, there was a lot of hope a few years ago that mobile apps would help lower marketing intensity online travel, but it seems like users continue to do a ton of research and visit a lot of websites before booking. And it's very episodic in nature. So do you really feel like TV spend can drive more loyalty and stop users from shopping around? Or is this just kind of the nature of the beast?
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: It's Glenn speaking. So in terms of measurements, we do believe, over the years, measurement capability has increased. We've seen the tools that have been developed, and we've seen the results. And we're not saying any of this is perfect by any measure. And there is debate among how effective are these tools or not, but we think it's better than it used to be, which is one of the things that's giving us more confidence to spend more money in this area, one. Two, we also believe that there is a symbiotic relationship between your spend on brand and your spend on performance. People become more aware of your product. People know who you are. And you do any sort of awareness testing of a brand when people recognize it, they may be more likely to actually book with you even if they clicked on a PPC ad, they'll be more likely to go with us than to go back and check someone else. So we think there is value. And in terms of the mobile, yeah, we – I'm not one of those who ever thought that because of mobile that there'd be less clicking around, so to speak.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Paul Bieber with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Paul Bieber - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. Thanks for taking my question. I was hoping you'd provide a quick update on Asia competitive landscape ex-China. I think you spent some time on that on last quarter's call. I was just wondering to what extent that discounting outside China is actually impacting room night growth for Booking.com or Agoda?
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Okay. It's Glenn speaking again. I haven't seen much of a change from the last time we talked about this. There is still discounting. It is still prevalent. It is still a very, very competitive market in Asia, ex-China or in China. It's one of the most competitive markets in the world. And we have to continue to be mindful that if we don't get the best price, we may not get the booking.
Paul Bieber - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Deepak Mathivanan with Barclays. Please proceed.
Deepak Mathivanan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Two questions for me. So first, can you discuss about the recent trends in the U.S. for Booking.com? Do you think based on some of your analysis of market data, you're seeing accelerated share gains in the U.S. over the last four quarters. And then second one, again, on the brand marketing. Given the difficulty in forecasting near-term trends in how room night gross profit might shape out from the brand marketing campaigns, have you considered contribution from incremental brand spend in the 4Q room night guidance? Thanks.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Deepak, in terms of the U.S. trend over the last several quarters, we're very pleased with the performance of Booking.com in the U.S. We believe booking is growing its share in the U.S., posting very healthy growth rates over the last several quarters. So that's for the U.S. We've seen improving performance for the Priceline.com business, which is a nice plus, too, as that's a U.S.-centric brand. And then, in terms of brand trends, our forecasts are done the way we do it every quarter, which is look at the actual results we've seen thus far in the quarter and trend off of that generally assuming that we'll see some deceleration as we proceed through the remainder of the quarter, given the size of the business and the long-term trends. So we didn't build in anything specific related to the advertising spend that's planned for the quarter. Our experience has been as we've done many years of TV advertising for Priceline and for KAYAK, and we've been active in TV advertising for Booking.com since 2013, it's a slower build – a slower return on investment typically for that spend. We are doing a better job and improving our capability to measure effectiveness of the advertising, but that doesn't mean it's positive ROI day one. So we think it's going to be the right thing to do for the long term. But in the short term, it's probably going to pressure margins and not deliver the same kind of pop to top line growth the way intent-based advertising would.
Deepak Mathivanan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That's helpful. Thanks a lot.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Peter Stabler with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed.
Robert James Coolbrith - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good afternoon. This is Rob on the call for Peter. Just quickly wanted to go back to the performance channel. Just wondering if there were specific recent changes in conversion that you're responding to there in the quarter. Or if this is more of a strategic decision as some of those traffic sources have changed their position in relation to the consumer? And then, finally, is there anything that you could see from those channels that you might make you more constructive on those again in the future? Thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: As Glenn said in the prepared remarks, it's more just – it's been an ongoing trend for us that we've seen pressure on ROIs, deteriorating margins in our performance marketing spend. And so it was re-evaluating that and looking for ways to start to arrest that trend and even move – starting in a more positive direction. So I'd say nothing specific. Our conversion continues to generally improve on our websites as our teams experiment to continue to see improve the experience for our users. And so nothing there that really drove it. And I'm sorry, was there a second question?
Robert James Coolbrith - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: No, that was it. Thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC: Glenn, I wanted to know at a high level how you feel about your vacation rental inventory, the breadth and depth there. And then with 1.5 million instant bookable properties, how do you feel about the penetration or how do you think about the penetration of instantly bookable vacation rentals? Thanks.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Hi, Brian. So just to make sure we're on the same page here, you know that 1.5 million, that's our entire inventory. That's everything. It's both our core and our (39:03). So how do I feel about it? I feel that we will continue to invest to make it better and broader. And look, I'm not naïve. I recognize we are not the leader in this space right now. We are the leader overall for accommodations of all types of properties, but there is a competitor who is a little bit bigger and doing a little bit better, I suspect, than we are in this area. And that's why we're going to invest money. Because we believe we have the technology. We believe that we have the people. And we believe that we will be able to create the experience that makes people want to come to our site and be able to get the best accommodation that fits what they need. And I'll give you the perfect example is what I did over the summer, which is I was going to Iceland with my family. I went to our site. I saw that we had some vacation rentals in Iceland, and we had core regular hotel stuff on the same page. It was great for me. But the thing I didn't like is it wasn't enough properties. I wanted more properties – the vacation rental-type. And I want to have a breadth of different kinds of properties. So that's something that we're spending money on. That's part of the reason that we've got a little bit of pressure on the OpEx. I talked about that and Dan talked about, and that's what we're going to do. Because we think, in the long run, because there's just such an incredible opportunity there that it'd be foolish for us not to put money to work right now to get that advantage.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: And in terms of penetration, Brian, we've made the comment before that we've got a mid-single-digit share of the properties that are available on our website. That's a broad statement of all the properties. But we've been very pleased with our vacation rental business. It's been a fast-growing business for us, growing faster than our consolidated growth rate. So you can assume that the performance there is good and that the penetration opportunity also exists there.
Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC: Thanks, guys.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Kevin Kopelman with Cowen. Please proceed.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC: Hey. Thanks. I think that's me. So I wanted to ask about vocational also. Just given some of the additional costs associated with on-boarding and maintaining vacation rentals, it makes sense to charge a higher commission rate for vacational properties that have fewer bookable rooms. And then, I apologize if it's been asked, but can you give us an update on where vacation rental is approximately as a percentage of room nights and as a percentage of bookable rooms? Thanks.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: So I'll take the first part about that in terms of what should we charge in terms of the service that we're delivering to the hosts or the owners of these properties. And the fact is that that's a market decision. You can go and tell what you want to charge, but if you don't have the right price, you're not going to have a lot of inventory. So that is market-driven. And sometimes, in order to build business, you may even underprice something in order to build a breadth of inventory. This is something that we are going to continue to evaluate as we build out the business. But one of the other things we're investing is technology to be able to make that bringing on properties, holistics, all those elements that are costly, to try and reduce the cost using technology. And then also, as I mentioned about the higher customer contacts that are that type of property, again, technology can help us in that area too. So these are investments we're making now that hopefully down the road will reduce the overall cost per unit and help us get some more of that leveraging versus the deleveraging that we're experiencing right now. And, Dan, regarding the question...
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Regarding the size of the vacation rental business, we haven't disclosed those stats. You can see the growth in the property count. And you can assume that we wouldn't be doing that if that wasn't growing fast for us. We've said that it's growing faster than the consolidated growth rate. So it's an important – it's a meaningful part of our business, but we aren't going to disclose exactly how big it is today.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. Thanks, Dan. Thanks, Glenn.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Jed Kelly with Oppenheimer. Please proceed.
Jed Kelly - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Great. The year-over-year decrease in merchant commissions seemed to dissipate versus the prior six quarters. Is there anything you can call out that supported the less pronounced decline in merchant commissions? And then, how do you think of as you start to try to bearing more of the single unit, whole-home-type vacation rental inventory and potentially charging a traveler fee?
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Let me take the second one. I'll let Dan talk about the merchant. One of the things I don't want to be doing is talking about what our strategy would be going forward and how we're going to charge and how much of it's going to be charged to the customer, how much is going to be charged to the host, what the different ways to do it is. That's really a competitive thing that we're going to evaluate as we go through our different markets and different types of properties. But without a doubt, it's an important thing to factor in as you try and develop a leading position there. Dan?
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: And when you talk merchant commissions, Jed, I assume that you're just looking merchant gross profit divided by merchant gross booking.
Jed Kelly - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Yes.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: That's a function of timing, really. The fundamental take rates are stable, but we've got decelerating top line growth, meaning gross bookings growth have the benefit of checkout still occurring from prior faster-growing quarters, and so that's what you're seeing there.
Jed Kelly - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hey, good afternoon. Maybe a follow-up from an earlier question. I'll ask it a slightly different way, because this is the question we've been getting from investors recently. If OTAs are seeing slower growth and metasearch is seeing slower growth, but as you mentioned, underlying travel trends are solid, where is the booking travel share going? Is it brand-direct bookings like AKA Hotel websites, or is the online travel market growth rate slowing because of more saturation and the transition from offline to online? Thanks.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: It's Glenn. And I'll let Dan fill in his thoughts on this. One thing I think is very important to recognize that while we are a single-digit percentage share of the market, we're a big business now. And as one finds in large numbers, that growth rates naturally slow down or decline. Compared to the overall growth of the travel business, we are still growing a much bigger number than the overall travel growth rates, so we are still growing relatively much faster. So I don't see any picture like where-did-it-go type. That's not even occurring to me. Dan, do you want to take...
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: I agree. There's nothing that was called out in the chain reports for the quarter that would lead me to believe that anything has changed significantly there. And I'm with Glenn, I think the growth that we posted and the growth that we're guiding to is spectacular relative to the fundamental growth of the market.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Yes.
Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Justin Patterson with Raymond James. Please proceed.
Justin T. Patterson - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great, thank you very much. Glenn and Dan, could you help us frame the alternative accommodations investments today versus past supply investments in fragmented categories like B&B? How should we think about the ramp in profitability of that supply base and any exclusivity around that inventory? And then secondarily, on IT investments, how should we think about the benefits of AI and machine learning on your business? I think everyone on this call acknowledges you've done a great job with toughening learning. Is AI/ML more like pumping steroids into that particular muscle, or are there some other benefits in there? Thanks.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: I'll do the IT, and Dan can talk about the alternative accommodation thing. So it's interesting because, in our business, technology really has been the key from the very beginning. And so it's different levels of technology and what new types of IT, what new types of technology are coming into play. So will these new things of artificial intelligence be, A), incredible quantum leap, so to speak, or is it incremental innovation? And it's hard to say right now. But what we do know is that, if you don't try, you won't have it. And if it does become that, let's call it, a quantum leap in the way things are done, then you will completely miss out. And that's the importance of investing it now. And we're seeing some of it. Look, we know some of it – we're going to get incremental innovation right off the bat. Customer service is one of the first areas where we're applying this right now, because we hope to be able to lower that customer service cost per unit transaction. Right away there's benefit there. And as I think I mentioned, the booking assist product, which is in beta right now, but is enabling a customer to be able to much more efficiently do a self-service-type customer service issue than in the past when you had to use a human being. So I think we're looking for both. At the worst case, we end up with just lower cost per unit. At the top end, we come up with something that is much more effective. And as I point out, we have the scale and the capital and the people to be able to do these type of things, so it may give us a great competitive edge down the road. And, Dan, you want to talk about alternative...
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: The new alternative accommodation business is somewhat less profitable from a partner services perspective. So there are less rooms for property, a lot of properties still to go and gather, and then, typically, requiring a little bit more help in working with our service because they're less sophisticated than the hotel properties that we had initially worked with. From a customer service perspective, too, a little bit more hands-on touch with customers given the unique nature of these properties. That said, the profitability of our vacation rental business is still very impressive, growing fast. We're making investments now, partly in the teams that are facing properties and facing our customers, to make sure we can stay up with the growth. But we're also making significant investments on the IT side. So we're adding teams of people under our booking home umbrella, and they're focused on improving the experience with property owners, including individual property owners that are putting their apartment or home up for rent, to make it a more intuitive experience, easier for them to self-signup and improve efficiency that way. And then, also on the customer service side, improve the experience on the website, there's a number of reasons why people contact our customer service teams asking questions. And as we see what's driving those contacts, looking to improve the amount of information that's available for the customer to serve themselves on the website, answer that question before they ask it. Glenn talked about the use of machine learning. Hopefully, we can bring that to bear also to just automate some of these processes. So I don't know that it will ever be as profitable as our core hotel business from the perspective of partner services or customer service. But I think there is the opportunity to improve the profitability there and to see better trends over time as the business scales.
Justin T. Patterson - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: In terms of exclusivity, that's not something we typically strive for. We want to win our partners' loyalty by bringing them demand at a reasonable price rather than some sort of contractual block-out of other demand platforms.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Michael Millman with Millman Research. Please proceed.
Michael Millman - Millman Research: Thank you. I want to follow up on a previous question on AI, and that's – you've talked about in some of your literature where you're able to predict vacations for people based upon their history. To what extent are you actually using that now, employing that? And to what extent do you see that in the future, or maybe sooner than later, offsetting the need for all the marketing that you're doing? And then unrelated, some of the metasearch – trivago, for example, has talked about the competition that's hurt them. And you've mentioned I think the revenue growth in KAYAK, but can you tell us what you're seeing on the bottom line there? Thank you.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: So, Michael, I'll just talk a little bit about technologies here, not just AI, because I think that it's – I think it's a better sense to just see technology in general. So using technology, and whether it be AI or any other facet of technology, the idea is to provide a better experience for the customer and for our partners, too, because we're using it both ways. Because, at the end of the day, is to produce a loyal customer who's willing to – who wants to come back to us because we're giving them the best experience. So using all this technology, if we can come up and provide a search result for them that is more personalized and exactly what they need or, for example, we provide better photos that actually helps them make a decision better, all different facets of the process from the time you first come to our site to the time you're actually at your hotel. We'll do everything possible to make it better. That's what we're driving for. And I'm not going to get into details on which things or what or what we're going to spend the most money on, et cetera. I'll just make the point that scale matters and having some great technologies is something that gives us a competitive advantage. And we feel fairly confident that we'll be able to continue to develop all areas of our business to make it a better experience for the customers and make it easier for people to come to us. And Dan, the...
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Then in metasearch, Michael, we're really pleased with the performance of our KAYAK business. It's growing nicely. It's one of the bigger players out there on meta side. And I'd say, it's – if you want to talk market share of profits, it's right near the top of the list. So very profitable business, growing. I think run very responsibly by Steve Hafner and his team. And we're excited about the prospects of bringing Momondo and KAYAK together and sharing best practices from brand to brand and having the teams work together to make both brands stronger in the future.
Michael Millman - Millman Research: Thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Naved Khan with SunTrust. Please proceed.
Naved Khan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yeah, thank you very much. Can you just lay out the landscape for TV advertising outside the U.S.? Is it less crowded, more crowded? How should we perceive it sitting here? And then, I had a quick follow-up on trivago.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Hi. It's Glenn. Since I'm not telling you which countries we're going to be going to, it's not very helpful to say which countries have more or less competition and how effective they are or not. I will simply say that, as we talked about before, is that we are glad that we have developed tools over the last few years that we think will give us a better measurement. So we'll know whether or not we're making the right decision in terms of how we're investing in those channels. And, Dan, the second part.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: You didn't ask the second question about trivago. What's your question?
Naved Khan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: So I'm just curious to know what was the impact on your business from the product changes that trivago made? How should we think about that?
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: We don't call out any individual partner advertising platform at all. So I'm not going to speak specifically about trivago. I think what I said earlier is really the way to look at this that we are always looking and evaluating in a holistic way where we're going to spend our marketing money and what's it going to do for us in the near term, what's it going to do for us in the long run. And that's how we make a decision on how much money we're going to spend, what kind of bids we're going to make, where we're going to make bids, where we're not going to make bids. And as I mentioned earlier – and this is so important. It's a dynamic market, because we have other players in there, other bidders in the space, on top of the advertising platform that's making changes, putting in all different things there. So again, very hard to say the impact of all these different movements. And even more so is trying to predict what the changes will be down the road.
Naved Khan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Brad Erickson with Pacific Crest. Please proceed.
Brad Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities: Hi, thanks. Just to follow-ups, and a lot of these have been asked already. But I'll try at it one more way. In terms of the pullback in performance marketing spend, just curious if you'd said or meant to imply that this was broadly across most of those channels, or if it was just a pullback on a smaller and more focused group? And then, secondarily, just on that pullback in performance marketing spending from certain channels. Just wanted to get a deeper assessment of what's going on there. You've ruled out overall softer demand that basically leaves kind of use two real possibilities either seems like those channels are driving less productive traffic, so that's the real issue or you're having less – or you're having issues converting that traffic for whatever reason. I feel like there are suddenly new opportunities to leg up your conversion improvements. Which of those two is kind of the bigger driver of this deliberate pullback that you're talking about in the performance marketing spending?
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: So I'm not going to actually speak specifically again, saying is it broad, is it narrow. Because we don't want to start calling out individual platforms. I think we said earlier about how in the previous earnings call, we made the point how important it is to build our business based on improving the direct relationship. And we believe that it's important to evaluate all of our channels. Is that driving us towards that goal, or is that hurting our goal? And that's the basic where we make those decisions. And that's it. It's nothing more complicated than that.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm showing no further questions at this time. It is now my pleasure to hand the conference back over to Mr. Glenn Fogel for closing comments or remarks. Sir?
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: So I want to thank everyone for participating, and we'll see you for the next call. Bye-bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today's conference. This does conclude the program, and we may all disconnect. Everybody, have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-08 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc. Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.
Analysts: Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC Douglas T. Anmuth - JPMorgan Securities LLC Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Mark A. May - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Paul Bieber - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Perry Gold - MoffettNathanson Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Ross Sandler - Barclays Capital, Inc. Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co. LLC Mike J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co.
Operator: Welcome to The Priceline Group Second Quarter 2017 Conference Call. The Priceline Group would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than the historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause the Group's actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statement at the end of the Group's earnings press release as well as the Group's most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, The Priceline Group undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of the Group's earnings press release together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement is available in the For Investors section of The Priceline Group's website, www.pricelinegroup.com. And now, I'd like to introduce The Priceline Group's speaker for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and Daniel Finnegan. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Thank you, and welcome to The Priceline Group's second quarter conference call. I'm joined this afternoon by our Priceline Group CFO, Dan Finnegan. The Group produced a solid quarter, reporting worldwide accommodation reservations of 170 million room nights, which is up 21% year-over-year and hit the top of our guidance range. Consolidated gross bookings were up about 19% year-over-year on a constant currency basis or about 16% in U.S. dollars. Gross profit was up about 24% year-over-year on a constant currency basis or about 21% in U.S. dollars. Adjusted EBITDA increased 20% year-over-year to $974 million. We believe the growth that we are reporting demonstrates the strength of our brands, the value of a diversified global footprint and solid execution by our more than 22,000 employees located in more than 280 offices around the world. Looking at our individual brands, Booking.com recorded another impressive quarter, adding approximately 150,000 properties to the platform. As of June 30, 2017, Booking.com's total property count was more than 1.3 million, which was a 39% year-over-year growth rate and represented approximately 26.1 million potentially bookable rooms. These properties are located in over 220 countries and territories and show Booking.com's depth and breadth of global accommodation listings. One of the most important parts of the Booking.com platform is its vacation rental properties, which adds real choice for our customers. As of June 30, 2017, Booking.com had over 721,000 vacation rental properties, a growth rate of 54% year-over-year. This marks the fourth consecutive quarter of accelerating growth in vacation rental properties. We will continue to add these type of properties across our entire global footprint and note that all of the Booking.com vacation rental properties are instantly bookable. We believe these types of properties not only offer more choice for our customers, but also provides conversion benefits across the entire Booking.com marketplace. We recently closed KAYAK's acquisition, the Momondo Group, and are delighted to welcome the momondo team to The Priceline Group. We believe the Momondo Group's two strong brands, momondo and Cheapflights, will help further our goal of having the world's best meta platforms. The Momondo Group is being integrated into KAYAK, and we are pleased to see early progress in this area. Agoda produced another solid quarter of gross bookings growth, despite the competitive Asian markets in which it operates. Agoda is using technology to maintain a high level of competitiveness, employing machine learning to price effectively and continuously improving its front end through relentless experimentation. We believe that these efforts and others will enable Agoda to continue to be one of Asia's premier accommodation booking sites. Rentalcars.com delivered another strong quarter on both the top and bottom lines, as the team continues to push operational improvements in key areas like customer service. Rentalcars.com is also beginning to build its capabilities to provide multiple ground transportation products for the entirety of its customers' journeys. We are excited about Rentalcars.com long-term vision to significantly reduce customer friction in ground transportation. priceline.com extended the progress it made in the first quarter and is seeing gradual acceleration in room night growth. We believe investments in people, product, technology and marketing are contributing to this improvement. OpenTable produced another positive quarter, driven by top line growth and is meeting or exceeding its key operating metrics for the year, such as scaling its restaurant listings, growing total visitors on the platform and upgrading restaurants from its legacy Electronic Reservation Book system to its cloud-based Guest Center Service. As we turn to the second half of the year and beyond, we note that we are always striving to increase the value of our accommodations platform. First, we believe that adding inventory, especially non-hotel properties and its related content, is an important step. We also believe that building a closer, direct relationship with our customers is an important long-term goal. One way we are doing this is by increasing our focus on brand marketing, which we have been doing and expect to continue to do so. However, even in paid channels, building the direct relationship is relevant. As we choose how much capital to deploy to a given paid channel, we evaluate things like the ROI, the overall user experience and the repeat to direct rates. Once a customer has landed on our site, we want to provide a great user experience with the greatest selection of all types of accommodations at the best prices on the best digital platforms with the best customer support. Overall, we expect to continually measure and analyze all of our marketing mix to ensure that we are building a direct relationship with our customers. Finally, as we continue to move through our busy summer season, our employees are intensely focused on delivering an exceptional customer experience. I would like to thank our employees around the world for their hard work and dedication, especially during this peak travel season. And I would like to thank our supplier partners, with whom we are so proud to be associated with, and most important of all, thank you to our millions of customers throughout the world. I will now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Thanks, Glenn. I'll discuss operating results and cash flows for the quarter, and then provide guidance for the third quarter of 2017. All growth rates referenced in my comments are relative to the prior year comparable period, unless otherwise indicated. I highlight that our non-GAAP financial results and forecasts include stock-based compensation and do not reflect the reduction to income tax expense related to available NOLs. The reconciliation between our GAAP and non-GAAP results is detailed in our earnings release. Room nights booked in Q2 grew by 21%, which was the top end of our guidance range. Performance was strong across each of our key geographic regions, and we believe that the growth rate achieved represents another quarter of increased market share. Rental car day reservations grew by 12% compared to 15% growth in Q1. Average daily rates for accommodations, or ADRs, were down slightly for Q2 versus prior year on a constant currency basis for the consolidated Group, which was below our forecast for growth of about 1%. Foreign exchange rates unfavorably impacted growth rates expressed in U.S. dollars for our Q2 results as compared to prior year, but were slightly favorable to our guidance forecast. The favorable trend for foreign exchange rates has continued in Q3 as we will discuss in a moment when we get to guidance. Q2 gross bookings grew by 16% expressed in U.S. dollars, and grew by about 19% on a constant currency basis compared to prior year. Gross profit for the quarter for The Priceline Group was $3 billion and grew by 21% in U.S. dollars, and by about 24% on a constant currency basis compared to prior year. We estimate that gross profit growth benefits by about 2 percentage points from Easter shifting to Q2 this year. The shift of Easter from Q1 last year to Q2 this year also favorably impacted Q2 operating profit, EBITDA, net income and profit margins compared to the prior year. Our international operations generated gross profit of $2.6 billion, which grew by 24% in U.S. dollars, and by about 26% on a constant currency basis compared to prior year. Gross profit for our U.S. operations amounted to $351 million, which grew about 7% compared to the prior year. Advertising and other revenue, which is mainly comprised of non-intercompany revenues for KAYAK and OpenTable, grew by 5% in Q2 compared to the prior year. GAAP operating income grew by 22%, and GAAP operating margins increased by 12 bps compared to Q2 last year. Operating margin performance was better than our forecast and prior year due mainly to gross profit growth and some brand advertising shifting into Q3. Non-advertising operating expenses were also favorable to forecast, due mainly to relatively lower bonus accruals and timing of spend. Performance advertising deleverage compared to the prior year was caused by lower ROIs and share of traffic by channel, partly offset by timing of bookings versus stays, including the impact of the timing of Easter that I just discussed. Adjusted EBITDA for Q2 amounted to $974 million which exceeded the top end of our guidance range of $905 million, and grew by 20% versus prior year. GAAP net income and fully diluted EPS both increased by 24%. Non-GAAP fully diluted net income per share was $15.14, up 20% versus the prior year, exceeding our guidance for the quarter and FactSet consensus of $14.20. In terms of cash flow, we generated $1.2 billion of cash from operations during second quarter 2017 which is an increase of about 19%. During the quarter, we returned $344 million to our stockholders through share buybacks. Our cash and investments amounted to $16.6 billion at June 30, 2017, with about $1.9 billion of that balance in the U.S. In July, we paid about $550 million of our international cash to close the momondo acquisition. We are very happy to welcome the momondo team into KAYAK and The Priceline Group. The acquisition is expected to be modestly accretive to our consolidated non-GAAP earnings in its first year post close, but to have a de minimis impact in Q3. We expect the acquisition to have a materially accretive impact to KAYAK's results and to help KAYAK accelerate its international growth and build its scale in the meta-search channel. Now, for Q3 guidance. Our guidance assumes that our growth rates will decelerate, mainly due to the size of our business and consistent with long-term trends. Our guidance also reflects a difficult comp because our room night growth accelerated in the third and fourth quarters of last year. Our Q3 forecast is based upon recent foreign exchange rates, which for the first time in recent memory, are favorable to our growth rates expressed in U.S. dollars. We have hedge contracts in place to substantially shield our third quarter EBITDA net earnings from any further fluctuations in the euro, British pound and various other currencies versus the dollar between now and the end of the quarter. But the hedges do not protect our gross bookings, gross profit or operating profit from the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. We are forecasting booked room nights to grow by 11% to 16% and total gross bookings to also grow by 11% to 16% in U.S. dollars and by 9% to 14% on a constant currency basis. Our Q3 forecast assumes the constant currency accommodation ADRs for the consolidated Group will be down by about 1% compared to the prior year period. We forecast gross profit to grow by 15.5% to 20.5% in U.S. dollars and by 12.5% to 17.5% on a constant currency basis. GAAP operating margins, expressed as operating income as a percentage of gross profit, are expected to be about 2,400 bps higher than prior year Q3, which included a $941 million non-cash goodwill impairment charge. Q3 adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $2.03 billion and $2.13 billion, which at the midpoint is up 13% versus prior year. We forecast adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of gross profit will be about 230 bps lower than prior year Q3. Our Q3 forecast assumes year-over-year pressure on performance marketing ROIs and increases in brand advertising, partly related to phasing of spend. More than half of the forecasted deleverage relates to non-advertising operating expenses as we invest for high travel season and innovation to drive future growth. Glenn just spoke about some of the areas where we are investing. We are confident that investments in IT talent, supply acquisitions, customer service and advertising will help us continue to stay ahead of the competition and deliver healthy growth in the future. We still expect that our non-advertising expenses will grow more slowly than our gross profit over the longer-term, but in the short-term, these investments will also exert a similar level of margin pressure in Q4. We forecast GAAP EPS between $31.70 to $33.40 per share for Q3, which, at the midpoint, is up by about 221% versus prior year. Year-over-year growth is impacted by the $941 million non-cash goodwill impairment charge recorded in the third quarter of last year that I just mentioned. Our EPS guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of 50.1 million shares, which reflects the beneficial impact of the common stock repurchases we have made to date, offset by additional equivalent shares related to our convertible bonds due to the increase in our stock price. We are forecasting Q3 non-GAAP fully diluted net income per share of approximately $32.40 to $34.10 per share, which at the midpoint, is up by about 12% versus prior year. Our forecasted non-GAAP income tax rate is about 18% for Q3 and the full year. Our forecast does not assume any significant change in macroeconomic conditions in general or in the travel market in particular. We will now take your questions.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney of RBC. Your line is open.
Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Could you just talk about demand trends? And I guess conversion rates too for traditional hotels versus kind of the alternative accommodations and what you're seeing there to the extent to which you're able to move the needle and start driving demand over to alternative accommodations? How much success you've had with doing that? Thank you.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Hi, Mark. It's Glenn speaking. So I think you know we don't disclose the individual conversion rates for the different types of properties, but maybe I can give you a little color about how important we think the non-hotel accommodation or sometimes we like to call it the vacation rentals business is. And I made the point in my prepared remarks about how we are continuing to accelerate the number of properties we're bringing on and I think that's evidence of how important it is to us. And certainly sometimes people come to our site or to our mobile apps and they didn't even think that they wanted to get a vacation room instead of a hotel. That's one of the benefits of our platform, where we offer both types of properties right on that results page. So I can even give myself as an example going on a holiday with two teenage kids and my wife, so there are four of us and trying to think do we want a hotel or do we want to do something on a vacation stay. And it's so easy on the Booking.com site to see both types of properties right there and be able to make that decision. So we don't try and drive people to one or the other. The customer makes that decision. It's our job to make sure we get the right product out there at the right prices, giving people the opportunity to choose what they want and if anything were to ever go wrong, make sure that we have that customer service there to back it up. That's the way we're going forward, that's how we're going to win in that business. And, Dan, I don't know if you want to give any added points to it?
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: No, Glenn, I think you covered it all.
Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you, Glenn.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Justin Post of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you for taking my question. Just related to the deceleration in the guidance in 3Q, anything unusual happening in the marketing channels versus competition besides just tougher comps? Or any downtick in your marketing conversion rates contemplated in the quarter? Thank you.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: So, Justin, let me put it this way. Again, we hit the top of our guidance. We're pleased with our growth rate. The deceleration in the growth rate is consistent with our long-term trends and expectation for the business given our size now. The rate of deceleration certainly fluctuates from time to time, but I would say that we're pleased by the resiliency in our growth rate over many years. And I'd like to say that the factors that have propelled us to where we are now are still intact. Some of the factors would be the secular shift from offline to online. We still have a very, very large market opportunity. We're still a single digit market share of the global accommodation business. We're growing the property count. You saw those numbers. We're the best converting mobile and desktop platform in the whole space. We believe we're doing thousands of experiments every day. It's a consistent balanced approach is our marketing. So I'm not going to call one out for this. We're always looking to make sure that we're optimizing in our marketing for all the different ways to market. And I'd just say that we're continuing to do the hard work. We have people who are coming up with innovation all the time, mobile execution, the vacation rentals I just mentioned. So I'm pretty pleased with where we sit right now. And, Dan, anything you want to add?
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: I would highlight that the comp is particularly difficult. So that factors into the deceleration relative to the prior year and our guide. And as Glenn said, our approach in the paid channels is consistent with what it's always been. So, nothing that I would call out there.
Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan of UBS. Your line is open.
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you for taking the question. Maybe just following up on your comments on the marketing spend, you called out ROI and share of traffic by channel. Wanted to know if we could get any more color there as you look into the back part of the year or what those pressures might be in terms of the marketing spend or the return you get on marketing spend. Thanks so much.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: So, it's Glenn speaking, Eric. We don't call out the different factors for the different marketing channels. One of the things that we think is very important is to using all the science we have. And we've hired a lot of very, very talented people in all areas; marketing, data scientists, technologists, to try and make sure that we can measure the amount of money we spend in all the different places that we can – that we're marketing that we can get the best return. And in that return, certainly ROI is an important factor, but it's not the only factor. And we include other things, such as so we mentioned things like repeat rates. Are people coming back direct? How sticky is this? What's the user experience? We factor everything in we can to make sure that in the long run we're going to help build that direct relationship with our customers, which we believe in the long run is the way to become successful. Dan, you've been involved in this for a long time. What are your thoughts?
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Well, we did specifically say, Eric, in the prepared remarks that we are expecting that we'll see continued pressure on ROIs in Q3. So that is built into the forecast. And we didn't talk about our expectations for channel share, so we'll probably update you on that when we report the quarter.
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And, ladies and gentlemen, our next question comes from the line of Douglas Anmuth of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Douglas T. Anmuth - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the question. Let's just talk about the gross profit growth, and even if we're just looking at it on a FX-neutral basis, it just looks like the gross profit dollars that you're getting there are coming from kind of higher gross profit bookings perhaps relative to what we've seen in recent quarters. So we saw some of that in 2Q and maybe that's implied in the 3Q guide as well. Is there something in particular going on there in terms of the mix? Thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: No, Doug, nothing in terms of the mix. So we had a few quarters there where you were seeing pressure on that metric, gross profit as a percentage of gross bookings. And we said that there was a modest underlying pressure on take rates; things like Agoda, experimenting with discounting in their markets. But fundamentally, take rate is down and more what we were seeing was just a difference in timing between when bookings were occurring and stays were occurring. And when we have accelerating growth or strong growth as we had in the end of last year, in the first quarter of this year, the gross bookings grow faster than the gross profit. We also had the added impact of Easter shifting out of Q1 last year and into Q2 this year. And so now, we're getting the benefit of that in Q2, just a higher growth in checkouts relative to gross bookings. We're forecasting the same phenomena for Q3. But I would say underlying that is a similar level of what I would call very modest pressure on underlying take rates.
Douglas T. Anmuth - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Heath Terry of Goldman Sachs.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you. Glenn, wondering if you could just give us a sense of how much of this is related to strategy for you. This quarter is actually the lowest that we've seen in terms of the increase in advertising spend as a percentage of brand in the last year, 1.5 years or so. Was there a decision or is there a point to be made around your preference between sort of margin and gross bookings growth or gross profit growth here? It would appear based on that, that there was a trade-off that was made this quarter relative to the rate that you had been running for the prior four quarters.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Yes, I'm going to let Dan take that.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Let me start off and then Glenn can talk about our approach to advertising. But fundamentally, what you're seeing there, Heath, is that deceleration in the top line. So we're getting the benefit of checkouts in Q2 from Easter and just from strong growth in gross bookings in prior quarters. And we had some deceleration in the room night growth, and so there's less advertising spend coming through to drive those bookings. But the fundamental ROI pressure there underlying, that is similar to what we saw in the quarters before.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: And in the overall strategy, I would say there's been no change in strategy. We're always looking for a balance between growth and profit, and you've seen how we've done this for many, many years. I've been here now 17.5 years, and I think we've been fairly consistent and we'll continue to be consistent. And in terms of the amount of money we're going to put to marketing, that's a function of that. And it depends on ROIs and what kind of returns we're going to be able to get is going to help determine how much money we're going to spend, and even more so where we're going to spend it. And as I've mentioned a couple of times now, but I'll repeat it because it's very important, that we're going to spend the money, and no matter what the marketing channel is, that's going to give us the optimal return for the long run. And that's important.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak of Morgan Stanley.
Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking my questions. I have two. The first one is going back to your comments on building direct relationships, just curious, did the business mix shift toward direct in the quarter? And then high level, could you just talk to any of the hurdles you think you need to overcome to really grow your overall direct bookings mix? And then, Glenn, I'd be curious to hear, you've inherited a very strong European business that seems to have pretty big market share. If you step back, what are one or two areas where you really see the potential to improve the overall European growth over the next couple of years? Thanks.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Okay. So the first question about direct, and we don't really talk about what the rate of people who come to us are direct or not. And there's nothing that I'll call out that's different or any of that. It's just what I will say is – and you've seen this over many, many years and Dan's pointed this out several times, about increasing pressure in certain parts of the marketing channels, ROIs going down, and you can see CPCs going up on certain paid channels. So of course everybody always wants to get as many customers as possible to come to you direct, not have to pay for the marketing, and that's just exasperated (sic) [exacerbated] when the cost of getting a new customer is more expensive. So, nothing really new there, still trying the best. How we are going to do that is the same way we've always been doing it, but even more so. And that's providing all the things that we talk about each time we go on the call, which is making sure we have the greatest breadth of accommodations. That choice, and making sure there's everything available, is very important to the consumer when they come to our site. You have to have the inventory and to make sure that you've got the best price, because if you don't have the best price, they are going to go somewhere else. And once they do that, once they are okay with that, you want to make sure they have the easiest way to go through the process, whether it be on our desktop, or our mobile apps, or whatever form it may be down the road, is the most efficient, easiest, most frictionless way possible. And then, as I've pointed out before, at the end of the day, it's unfortunate but true. Sometimes, things go wrong for people, and many times it's nobody's fault, it's just something that's gone wrong in the person's travels, and we want to be there to be able to provide them with that assistance, which is why we do it 24 hours, seven days a week in so many different languages. We have 43 languages on our Booking.com site. Doing all those things is what helps promote loyalty, and we're going to keep on doing that to get those people. So when they think about they're going to travel, they need an accommodation on Booking.com, or they're thinking of getting a car rental from Rentalcars.com, or they need a reservation at a restaurant, they go to OpenTable. Whatever part of our Group, we want to make sure that the first thing they think is coming to us, and by providing a great service, that's how we're going to be able to do it. And your last question about Europe. While it's true we are probably the biggest player in Europe in accommodations, and it's – I would not say us to be a small player, I would still say relative to the total amount of accommodations in Europe, it's not a large share. And that's just a tremendous opportunity for us to continue to build that out. And it's not just Europe, but of course throughout the world. And as I said before, there's a lot of road left for us.
Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark May of Citi. Your line is open.
Mark A. May - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks for taking my questions. Hopefully you can hear me. I believe in your prepared remarks, you commented about shifting some of your brand spend from Q2 to Q3. Can you discuss a little bit about why that occurred, maybe the magnitude? And if there's maybe a bit more flexibility in terms of pushing that out even further? And then just a bigger picture question around meta-search. You've obviously been acquiring some meta-search assets. Does that, in all, reflect your view that it's been a bit difficult to convert some of the meta-search customers into direct repeat customers? Thanks.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: In terms of the advertising phasing, that's determined by our marketing teams and they determined that they weren't going to spend as much in Q2 as they had initially thought, and now they are going to spend it instead in Q3. So nothing specific that I'd call out there, Mark, other than that the marketing team's at the helm in deciding how they want to deploy the advertising. On meta-search, we've seen that it's a channel that's gained traction with travelers over the years, and so we saw momondo as a great acquisition that we could add into the KAYAK fold, and help build the scale of that business. We like having a meta-search business in the Group, and we like having an even bigger meta-search business. We think that's even a better position to be in. It was just a very natural fit between the two brands in various markets across Europe, so KAYAK is strong in some markets, momondo is strong in others. And so, we're really excited about the two businesses working together to maximize the opportunity in our meta-search platform going forward.
Mark A. May - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Bieber of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Paul Bieber - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. Thanks for taking my question. I think it's the first time in maybe several quarters that you haven't beaten the high end of your room night growth guidance. So I was just wondering if something changed intra-quarter or if your approach to guidance changed. And then secondly, I believe you made some comments about the Asian competitive landscape when commenting on Agoda growth. Could you just provide some color on what you're seeing on the competition front in Asia?
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Sure. In regards to your first, the answer is no change in the way we do guidance. Regarding the competitors and what I meant by that, let me give a little more color to that. So while I think many of you recognize that Asia is a great opportunity in the travel industry because a lot of people are becoming first time travelers, GDP per capita goes up and people become wealthy enough to travel, they want to travel right away. So that's great. Lots of growth there and you see it in many different ways and shapes and form (33:46). But, one thing that we have seen and this is over the two decades almost that I've been looking on the Internet is that when you have very strong growth opportunities, you have a lot of players come in. And the players come in with a lot of capital. And it's very much a type of trying to grab – it's a land grab. People trying to get share as quickly as possible, build up brand awareness, build up their name and try and get customers. And one of the ways they do this is raising capital and giving it away to customers, so, essentially discounting or other practices to try and build that business quickly as they can. That's the competitive scenario. If you look at prices for accommodations in Asia, it is one of the most competitive places in the world. And that makes it more difficult for public companies that have certain desires to hit profitability levels versus a private company perhaps that isn't constrained the same way and goes out and raise capital and then gives it away in the marketplace to the consumer with discount and in fact at a loss type accommodations. That makes it more difficult. That's why I'm so happy with the guys at Agoda, who using all their technology and machine learning and pricing and doing it appropriately to compete effectively, to continue to grow, even though I won't say that they are competing with one hand tied behind their back but I'll say they have a more difficult challenge, and that's what I was referring to.
Paul Bieber - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Perry Gold of MoffettNathanson. Your line is open.
Perry Gold - MoffettNathanson: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Can you please discuss how the inclusion of flights at Booking.com has fared and whether it's helped to sell other travel products or overall site conversion? Thanks so much.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: So, I will say one of the great things about this company, this Group, and one of the things that's helped make it to this level of success that it has is willingness to experiment. And we experiment in many, many different ways, including bringing in different products on to different company websites and see how they perform. And when they become successful, we will then do more of that and if it's not successful, we'll just give it away. Some of you may have seen some experimentation we're doing at Booking.com regarding some flight things with KAYAK and we'll continue to experiment. Beyond that, there's not much to add except the fact that it is very successful, we'll do more of it. If it's not successful, we'll stop.
Perry Gold - MoffettNathanson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Lloyd Walmsley of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. A couple if I can. First, can you guys just give us an update on how booking windows are continuing to change? Are you still seeing kind of more come early in the year and then again kind of late in 3Q from mobile? And do you think that's continuing to shift? And then just second one, you talked I think a little bit more in your prepared remarks about spending more on non-advertising OpEx. Can you elaborate a bit on if there's anything specific you're investing in and what kind of magnitude we should be thinking about perhaps relative to the BookingSuite investments in 2015? Thanks.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Hey, Lloyd. So, as it relates to booking window, we're seeing steady expansion in the booking window. So that trend continues and we are also seeing more bookings coming at last minute because of mobile. So that trend has continued. I wouldn't call it just bookings coming in the early part of the year and then late in summer over mobile. But I'd just say in general, we're seeing that trend. In terms of non-advertising OpEx, in the prepared remarks, I said more than half of the deleverage forecasted for Q3 is attributable to non-advertising OpEx, so that will give you a sense for the sizing. And I said also that it's likely we would have a similar level of deleverage from non-advertising OpEx in Q4 as those investments flow through the pipeline. We still feel good that over the long-term based upon the growth of our business and the past track record where we have been able to deliver leverage in non-advertising OpEx that we can make investments in the business, generally speaking, in the long-term, without having deleverage in that line item. But in the short-term here, we talked about the type of areas where we're investing. We are investing for future growth.
Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Sandler of Barclays. Your line is open.
Ross Sandler - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Glenn, just following up on the topic of building direct relationship, Expedia stated a year ago that Hotels.com had about two-thirds of its bookings from loyalty members. So just wondering what the merits of cheaper prices and service levels are versus having a garden-variety loyalty program. I know you've experimented with that for business customers in the past. What's your thoughts on just using price versus a traditional loyalty program? Thank you.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: So, it's true. Booking.com has its Genius program, which I believe you're familiar with, and Agoda has a different program to get theirs and OpenTable does loyalty program a different way that all of them. End of the day, though, more than anything in terms of loyalty is providing a great experience and the best price overall. One of the things that we have a mission, it's – the mission is to help experience the world. And to enable people to help experience the world, that means giving them a great experience. And part of that starts right when you start exploring what you're going to do, where you're going to do it, how much it's going to cost. And we've been perfecting the way people are able to book their travel needs for many, many years. And we think that overall, that's more important than anything. Yes, you have to have the best price. And yes, some people, for example, frequent flyers who are known as Points Junkies, who only fly one airline for example to get their points, yes, there is a niche for that. And we have a small company in the Group called Rocketmiles that does something like that. But for the big picture for us is making sure that we have the absolute best product out there, providing it day in, day out with the best customer service. And I will point to some people, who aren't competitors but companies that I admire and look them as a reference. And one right off the bat would be Amazon. And Amazon, through the things that they have done has produced great loyalty. Why? Because it's an absolute great experience. It's a great way to get products you need at great price. And we have no shame in saying we'd like to do things like they do which is doing things the right way all the time as opposed to trying to buy loyalty by just giving away a product.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: And I'd just add to that, Glenn, the track record for Booking.com over the years has been very good, that we bring customers in, new customers through paid channels and we win them over as loyal customers over time by giving them a great experience. The downside of these loyalty point programs is that you end up paying for your direct customers, a fairly significant amount of money in addition to having to pay to acquire new customers. And so there's a balance there. Even if you do get a higher percentage of direct, it's not direct that you're not paying for.
Ross Sandler - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Super helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Peter Stabler of Wells Fargo.
Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks very much. Two if I could. First on vacation rentals, you've noted repeatedly over the years that philosophically, you believe traveler fees work against consumer expectations and that harmonizing vacation rentals with hotel inventory from a consumer perspective is an advantage. Just wondering on the supply side, do you think having a higher homeowner commission structure impacts your ability to build additional supply? Does that set up a pricing challenge for owners? Or are they just going to look at the volume that Booking has, and say we're willing to pay a higher price? And then secondly, very quickly, on Asian marketing, just wondering, is that exclusively performance marketing? Or is there a brand element over there? Any color you could provide? Thank you very much.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Sure. And we've been asked that question before in different ways. And the way I look at this is to say that we are continuing to have good success in adding properties around the world in our vacation homes area. And we haven't seen any slowdown in that in terms of people protesting what they're being asked to pay in terms of that commission. So, I think we're okay there. If at some point there was a problem in that area, then we'd have to address it, but I see nothing in the near-term that is going to slow that down. And the fact that we accelerated the growth of vacation rental properties I think is a data point that says it's okay. What was your second question about marketing?
Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Just curious about the mix over in Asia? Is it exclusively performance? Or is there brand marketing over there too? Thanks.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Yes, again, we don't want to divide up how we're going to split up the money in different geographies in terms of where's brand, how much paid, et cetera. But I think it's important to repeat again, we look at all of our marketing spend holistically. We're always looking for the best return. And we don't care what form it comes from. We just want to get that best result. So yes, we do in the numbers for you and when Dan prepares everything, you see a line item that has your performance stuff. But the marketing people, they're looking at everything holistically, and they're not told, oh you can only spend this amount on brand and this amount on performance, at all.
Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Fitzgerald of Jefferies.
Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Glenn, you mentioned machine learning going on around pricing at Agoda and then I think Christa has been out recently talking about using AI to drive OpenTable search results personalization. Are there common back-ends there that you guys are using? Are the data stores common to be leveraged there? And then maybe kind of a follow-on. I know a very broad question. Are your efforts there around machine learning, around AI, are they primarily kind of early innings focused on optimizing marketing? Or do you feel like it's broad-based, we're attacking marketing, we're attacking personalized results, ultimately we're driving conversion?
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Right. So, going to go in a little reverse order here. Everything regarding any form of AI, be it neural networks, machine learning, any form you want, very early innings in that area for everybody. I think 10 years from now, we're going to wonder, gee, it wasn't early innings, it's sort of like we're just warming up in the ballpark. So, that's a great opportunity down the road. Second thing, regarding our companies, we do give everybody a lot of independence, and that includes their data stores and data warehouses, they are not merged in any way, shape or form. But one of the successes of our company has been the sharing of knowledge, and that's allowing these data scientists to be able to get together at times – and actually all forms of our company in different areas get together from the different companies, and talk about what works, what doesn't work, and in that way we've been able, I think, to accelerate the Group's achievements no single company would possibly have been able to achieve on its own.
Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC: Got it. Maybe I could ask one more just around the same question. Do you see – as the booking process is moving more mobile, would you call out any differentiation between the quality or the volume of data you get from the mobile side versus desktop?
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: I have not seen anything at this time that would be any sort of signaling that is material. With that being said, I have to admit I am not in the trenches with the people looking at what signals are gathering up. So I have to plead a little bit of ignorance in that, but I think we're okay in saying that there's nothing coming out yet that we need to announce a material improvement.
Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC: Yes. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Kopelman of Cowen and Co. Your line is open.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks a lot. I had a follow-up on your comments on discounting. Could you talk about what you saw in the couponing environment, specifically in Q2, from competitors in emerging markets? Is it fair to assume that it was worse in the second quarter compared to the first quarter, rather than stable? And then when you talk about very modest pressure on underlying take rates, what are the key drivers there of that modest pressure? Thanks a lot.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Well, I don't have any data in front of me that would compare the average discounting Q2 versus Q1 or nail it down there. I would just say that we do see it, and it is a competitive issue that we have to deal with. And take rates, I'll let Dan...
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: So that pressure on pricing and Agoda doing some discounting is one of the things that's driving that modest pressure on take rate. And then besides that, we've called out in the past the level to which change participate in preferred placement programs at Booking.com can also have a modest impact. Those would be the two principal drivers.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks very much.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Olson of Piper Jaffray.
Mike J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Good afternoon. I have two quick ones. First, looking at competition from Hotel Direct, would you say it's more or less significant than it was six months or 12 months ago? And then second, if you excluded Europe, which market would you say you want to be most aggressive in over the next few years? You just made some kind of mix comments on Asia Pac and the tough competitive environment. So is it there? Or is it the U.S. or elsewhere? Thank you.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Let me go with the second one first, and we have said several times, and we'll still say it that China is by far the most important region for us to continue to develop our business there, because that's where the greatest growth is going to be. And the fact that it is competitive, and as I said at the very beginning, the reason it's competitive is because it's so attractive to everybody. So we're absolutely going to continue to do that there and we're doing it in three different ways. We're always concentrating on our inbound because we have so many customers around the world who are going to China. So we have a little bit of advantage in that one. China outbound because of the number of properties we have around the world, and all the other things we have that go with that, that gives us a good edge there, going on the outbound from China which is growing very, very rapidly. The last part that domestic Chinese business, the people in China who are traveling in China. It's tougher for a non-Chinese company. We're doing a lot of thinking what's the right way to approach it. We're investing, and of course you know that we have an over $2 billion investment in the number one online travel company in China, which is Ctrip, so we've a good partnership there too. So we're approaching in all different ways because we know it is a very, very important market for a very, very long time in the future. Regarding your other question about direct, Dan?
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: No, no real change in that. I think we – our relations with the big chains is very strong. They are great partners for us. And I think we're a great partner for them. We bring them a lot of demand. We're one of the lower cost distribution channels out there. So we continue to work well with the chains and their business with us continues to grow nicely.
Mike J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great. Thanks.
Operator: And I'm showing no further questions in queue. I'd like to turn the call back to Glenn Fogel for closing remarks.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Well, I just want to thank everybody for participating and thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the call. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-09 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc. Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.
Analysts: Dae K. Lee - JPMorgan Securities LLC Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co. Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC Mark A. May - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Paul Bieber - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Ross Sandler - Barclays Capital, Inc. Perry Gold - MoffettNathanson LLC Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Robert James Coolbrith - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC Jed Kelly - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co.
Operator: Welcome to The Priceline Group's First Quarter 2017 Conference Call. The Priceline Group would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied, or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause the group's actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of the group's earnings press release, as well as the group's most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, The Priceline Group undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. A copy of the group's earnings press release together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement is available in the For Investors section of The Priceline Group's website, www.pricelinegroup.com. And now I'd like to introduce The Priceline Group's speakers for this afternoon, Glenn Fogel and Daniel Finnegan. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Thank you very much, and welcome to The Priceline Group's First Quarter Conference Call. I am joined this afternoon by our Chief Financial Officer, Dan Finnegan. The Priceline Group performed well in the first quarter reporting year-over-year room night growth of 27%. Consolidated gross bookings for the first quarter were approximately $20.7 billion, up about 24% year-over-year or about 27% on a constant currency basis. Gross profit was up about 16%, or about 17% on a constant currency basis. Earnings per share were $9.11, and non-GAAP earnings per share were $9.88, up 7% versus the prior year, surpassing the high end of our guidance. Looking at the group brand by brand, Booking.com executed another solid quarter with strong top line growth. Booking.com's total property count now stands at over 1.2 million, which represents a year-over-year increase of 36%. The Booking.com platform now includes approximately 640,000 instantly bookable vacation rental properties, which is a year-over-year growth rate of 51%. This very strong growth rate demonstrates Booking's focus on rapidly growing its non-hotel accommodation inventory. We believe adding these types of properties creates a more robust marketplace and provides real choice for our customers. Our service is differentiated because all properties are instantly bookable, and we do not charge fees to our travelers. Overall, Booking.com's hotel and non-hotel properties represent a combined total of approximately 25.5 million potentially bookable rooms. Of this total, 17.5 million are within our traditional hotel partners, and 8 million are bookable rooms in our homes, apartments, villas and other non-hotel categories. In our rental cars product, the group grew rental car days 15% in the quarter, which marks the third consecutive quarter of accelerating growth, and the fastest growth rate since the second quarter of 2015. This growth was driven primarily by Rentalcars.com as they continue to make smart investments in product innovation and customer service. Improving trends at priceline.com also contributed to the acceleration in rental car days growth for the quarter. Turning to priceline.com overall, we are pleased to see the team make progress in Q1 as priceline.com began to see benefits from their investments in technology and people. These investments have resulted in improvement to product, user interface, and experiment velocity, and shows that priceline.com is relentlessly focused on delivering the very best deals to its customers. We believe that these efforts along with priceline.com's new best deal brand campaign which highlights its consumer value proposition will drive further improvements. Regarding KAYAK, it delivered attractive profit margins in Q1 and continued to invest in usability improvements, mobile enhancements, and new product development. We expect such investments will enable KAYAK to differentiate itself in the marketplace and grow its audience. As to the Momondo transaction, we reiterate our previous public statement that we expect to close the transaction later in the year pending successful completion of the regulatory review. Now agoda which posted another quarter of strong gross bookings growth with the direct channel growing nicely and increasing share versus the paid channels. agoda continues to innovate and invest in its merchant supply platform and experiment with closed-user group and other discount offerings to enable it to compete in its core APAC markets where the use of discounted rates is a more common practice. Finally, OpenTable produced another solid quarter of healthy diner reservation growth, beating expectations on both the top and bottom line. OpenTable made further progress upgrading restaurants from its legacy electronic reservation book system to its cloud based guest center service which enables OpenTable to easily introduce system changes and improvements. OpenTable has maintained a fast pace of innovation, recently launching a chat extension feature in Facebook messenger. While it is still very early days for this product, we are pleased that OpenTable continues to be at the forefront of new technologies. In summary, I am pleased with the group's performance in the first quarter, but we cannot rest. We are now beginning to prepare for our busy third quarter and are continuously working to improve our services to ensure a successful upcoming high travel season. As always, I would like to thank our employees around the world for their hard work and dedication, our supplier partners, and most importantly, our customers. Finally, I would like to share some news with you, which is that Dan Finnegan, who most of you know by now or at least you know his voice, since this is his 33rd earnings call, has announced that now in his 14th year of dedicated service to The Priceline Group, is going to be retiring. Now, he's not going anywhere just yet. But we will be starting a formal search for the company's new CFO. Dan will remain as CFO for as long as needed until we find the right person and have completed a smooth transition. But we wanted to let you all know about the proposed plans. And I want to take this moment to personally, and on behalf of more than 18,000 employees, to thank Dan for all he has done for The Priceline Group. Dan, thank you for everything. I will now turn the call over to you for your 33rd detailed financial review.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Thanks, Glenn. I'll discuss operating results and cash flows for the quarter and then provide guidance for the second quarter of 2017. All growth rates referenced in my comments are relative to the prior-year comparable period unless otherwise indicated. I highlight that as we have discussed for several quarters now, the non-GAAP figures for our Q1 results and Q2 forecast includes stock-based compensation, and do not reflect a reduction to income tax expense related to available NOLs. The reconciliation between our GAAP and non-GAAP results is detailed in our earnings release. 2017 is off to a strong start. Room nights booked in Q1 grew by 27% despite a challenging prior year growth comp. We estimate that the shift of Easter into Q2 had a slightly beneficial impact on Q1 gross bookings growth with an offsetting negative impact to Q2 gross bookings growth which I will discuss further in a moment. The Q1 impact is offset by Q1 prior-year's extra day for leap year. Performance was strong across each of our key geographic regions, and we believe we grew our market share in the U.S. and internationally through outstanding organic execution by our brands. Rental car day growth also accelerated to 15% in Q1 compared to 14% in Q4. Average daily rates for accommodations or ADRs were up about 1% for Q1 versus prior year on a constant currency basis for the consolidated group which was consistent with our forecast. Foreign exchange rates unfavorably impacted growth rates expressed in U.S. dollars for our Q1 results as compared to the prior year. Q1 gross bookings grew by 24% expressed in U.S. dollars and grew by about 27% on a constant currency basis compared to prior year. Gross profit for the quarter for The Priceline Group was $2.3 billion and grew by 16% in U.S. dollars and by about 17% on a constant currency basis compared to the prior year. Gross profit as a percentage of gross bookings for Q1 is 84 bps lower than prior year Q1. The decrease is due largely to booked-versus-stay time lag, impacted by Easter shifting to Q2 this year and an expanding booking window. Other contributing factors to the variance are discounted closed user group rates and business mix. The shift of Easter from Q1 last year to Q2 this year also negatively impacts Q1 gross profit, operating profit, EBITDA, net income, and profit margins, and will benefit those metrics in Q2, in both cases compared to the prior year. Our international operations generated gross profit of $2 billion which grew by 17% in U.S. dollars and by about 19% on a constant currency basis compared to prior year. Gross profit for our U.S. operations amounted to $315 million which grew about 6% compared to the prior year. Advertising and other revenue, which is mainly comprised of non-intercompany revenues for KAYAK and OpenTable, grew by 8% in Q1 compared to the prior year. Margin performance was better than our forecast due to gross profit growth and advertising efficiency that exceeded our forecast. The timing of investments in non-ad OpEx was also favorable to forecast. GAAP operating income grew by 1% and GAAP operating margins decreased by 341 bps compared to Q1 last year, due mainly to performance advertising. Performance advertising deleverage was impacted mainly by the timing of bookings versus stays that I just discussed and strong growth in performance advertising channels. Adjusted EBITDA for Q1 amounted to $635 million which exceeded the top end of our guidance range of $580 million and grew by 4% versus prior year. GAAP net income and fully diluted EPS both increased by 22%. Non-GAAP net income per share was $9.88, up 7% versus the prior year, exceeding our guidance for the quarter and FactSet consensus of $8.82. Our non-GAAP tax rate of about 16% was favorable to our forecasted rate of 19%, mainly due to nonrecurring discrete tax adjustments in the quarter. In terms of cash flow, we generated $381 million of cash from operations during first quarter 2017 which is an increase of about 10%. We made a pre-payment of income taxes in the Netherlands in Q1 to earn a pre-payment discount, which negatively impacts operating cash flow for Q1 but will benefit subsequent quarters when the taxes would've otherwise been due. During the quarter, we returned $212 million to our shareholders through share buybacks. In March, we raised €1 billion of cash for our U.S. parent company by offering a five-year bond in Europe at a 0.8% interest rate. Our cash and investments amounted to $15.5 billion at March 31, 2017, with about $2.3 billion of that balance in the U.S. Now for Q2 guidance. We are forecasting booked room nights to grow by 16% to 21% and total gross bookings to grow by 12% to 17% in U.S. dollars and by 15% to 20% on a constant currency basis. Our Q2 forecast assumes that constant currency accommodation ADRs for the consolidated group will be up by about 1% compared to the prior-year period. As mentioned a moment ago, seasonal factors added to growth in Q1 and are forecasted to pressure growth in Q2. We are comfortable with the combined forecasted growth rate for the first half of the year, which we believe is reflective of generally healthy macro travel trends and implies a continuation of market share gains evident in our reported Q1 results. We forecast gross profit to grow by 14% to 19% in U.S. dollars and by 17% to 22% on a constant currency basis. GAAP operating margins expressed as operating income as a percentage of gross profit are expected to be lower than prior-year Q2 by about 140 bps. Our Q2 forecast assumes year-over-year pressure on performance marketing ROIs and that paid channel growth will continue to be strong. Our forecast also reflects brand advertising and non-advertising expenses as we invest towards high travel season and innovation to drive future growth. Q2 adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $860 million and $905 million, which at the midpoint is up 9% versus prior year. EBITDA growth and margins are impacted by the factors I just discussed for GAAP operating profit. We forecast GAAP EPS between $12.55 to $13.25 per share for Q2, which, at the midpoint, is up by about 11% versus prior year. Our EPS guidance includes interest expense on our recent bond issuance and assumes a fully diluted share count of 50.1 million shares, which reflects the beneficial impact of the common stock repurchases we have made to-date, offset by additional equivalent shares related to our convertible bonds due to the increase in our stock price. We are forecasting Q2 non-GAAP fully diluted EPS of approximately $13.30 to $14 per share which at the midpoint is up by about 8% versus prior year. Our forecasted non-GAAP income tax rate is about 18% for Q2 and the full year. Our Q2 forecast is based upon recent foreign exchange rates and assumes that our growth rates in U.S. dollars will be negatively impacted by foreign exchange rate fluctuations. Consistent with past practice, we have hedge contracts in place to substantially shield our second quarter EBITDA and net earnings from any further fluctuation in the Euro, British pound, and various other currencies versus the dollar between now and the end of the quarter. Our forecast does not assume any significant change or macroeconomic conditions in general, or in the travel market in particular. As Glenn just mentioned, I have decided that now in my 14th year with the company, the time is right to start working towards my retirement. Equally importantly I think the time is also right for the company. We are in great hands with Glenn and our brand CEOs running the business. Our brand CFOs and my headquarters finance team are world class and will keep doing great work as we transition to a new Priceline Group CFO. I will stay with the company as long as necessary to help recruit my successor and to ensure a smooth transition. I thank all my colleagues around the world for their incredible accomplishments over these many years. It has been a dream come true to be part of such a wonderful team. And we will now take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Douglas Anmuth with JPMorgan. You may begin.
Dae K. Lee - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. This is Dae Lee in for Doug Anmuth. Thank you for taking the question. First question on gaining share in the U.S. How much of that do you think is taking share from competitors versus adding new properties like vacation rentals? And my second question on share buyback, could you please update us on how you're strategically thinking about buybacks and what could cause that to change?
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Thank you, David for Doug, I believe.
Dae K. Lee - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Dae Lee in for Doug.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Let me take – I'm going to take the second one about the share buyback question, and I'll let Dan talk about the first one. We believe we'll be consistent going forward the same way we have been in the past regarding share buyback. We are opportunistic. We recognize shareholders want us to use our cash effectively, efficiently, and appropriately. So as opportunities are there, we will be buying share back, but we do it in a measured way. I think the best way to look forward is to see how we've done over the last few years and consider that as guidance for going forward.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: And as far as share in the U.S., Dae Lee, we look at the market – we attempt to size the market based upon the properties that we have on our extranet. So there's over 1.2 million properties on Booking.com today. We know the number of rooms that are in those properties, and so we look at that as a proxy for the market. That includes vacation rentals. So in our room nights booked also include vacation rentals. So we see them as basically interchangeable with hotels and other types of properties as places where people want to stay when they travel and we want to give them the maximum number of choices. So looking at it that way, we can see our growth in total, we still have a relatively low share of the worldwide market single digits. And we can also see our growth for the U.S. market relative to the market's growth and relative to what other players have reported, including our biggest other online travel competitor. And we feel that we're gaining share based upon those metrics.
Dae K. Lee - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley. You may begin.
Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking my questions. I have a two-part single question. It's under the U.S. Booking.com on the vacation rentals, you have had really good progress there the last year or so, arguably even more than that. I guess I'd be curious if you could just talk about kind of the one or two areas you really look to improve in the U.S. Booking.com and vacation rentals to kind of further drive growth. What would those one or two areas be? Thanks.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Well, Brian, as I think the way you asked that question, vacation rentals, I'm going to talk about that in general and not narrow it to any specific geography. We believe it is a very important growth area for us. We've been involved with it for some time. We continue to grow it as I mentioned about 41% increase in the instantly bookable vacation rental properties. We are very pleased with the way we do the business, and that is we don't charge those travelers fees. And as I said, these are all instantly bookable. We think that's an advantage. One of the things we need to continue to do is get even more properties. When you look at some of our competitors they have more properties, and breadth is an important thing to make sure that we have the availability, the right properties at the right price for our customers. So we're going to continue to do that. We also need to make sure that all people are aware that this is a great product. I think that it's not unknown that we do not have the same awareness. There's not the same awareness of our vacation rental property, particularly in the U.S., as some other competitors have. So we need to make sure that everyone knows that we've got a great product there too. And your other question was?
Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: It's on the U.S. Booking.com. Kind of just – same kind of question where you've done really well. But if you can kind of point to one or two areas where you say here is some low hanging fruit we could still improve. What would those be?
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Well, I think that we continue to do the same formula that we have done throughout the history of our company and it has helped us get to the level of success that we are. It's not one or two. There is make sure we have breadth of property, make sure we have best price, make sure we have the way a customer goes through our path is the easiest best way for somebody to do it. Be sure that we are offering them in the way they want it. If they want to reserve a property and not have to pay until they show up at the property, we offer that. If they want to pay up-front, we need to be able to offer that. And we have different brands that offer different ways to do it. In fact, most of them offer both ways, though not for all properties. I think in the end, it's just continuing to crank out the same formula we've had in the past, maintain good relationships with the suppliers to make sure we're offering them a great relationship, and we will continue to grow as we have grown in the past.
Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Justin Post with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. You may begin.
Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch.: Great. Thank you. Sorry to see you leaving, Dan. I hope it's – I hope you stay for a while. A few questions on guidance. I guess first of all, just help us put the 8% earnings growth in context. It seems like a pretty healthy macro, and an easier comp. And then I think on the prepared remarks you said expect some ROI pressure. I believe on the last call, you indicated that kind of ROI pressure was lessening. Has there been a real change there that's going on? And then maybe did you put your usual amount of conservatism in 2Q guidance given the late – how it's back-end loaded? Thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Justin. Well, first of all, for the guidance. No change in approach. Same approach that we've used every quarter. It's a little bit different, in that there's volatility in the early part of the quarter here because of the shift of Easter, and so that makes things a little bit more difficult. I'd say that the market remains healthy. We see occupancy in ADRs are strong. The seasonal impact has certainly negatively impacted growth for Q2. We think the booking window expansion that we have been talking about for a couple of years now is probably all else being equal moving some bookings that would have been made in the past in Q2 into Q1, and even into Q4 as people are booking early. If you look at the midpoint of our room-night guide for Q2 together with our actual results for Q1, it would imply a 23% growth rate, which would compare – it takes the seasonality out of it, with the shift of the hotel or booking window, a shift of Easter timing or booking window. So that 23% growth would compare to a 27% growth for the first half of last year, which we're comfortable with that. We think that's very solid performance. We expect the business to decelerate structurally given the size of it and the long-term trends that we have seen over many years. The growth may decelerate more in certain quarters. We have accelerated in certain quarters. But overall, for the long-term, our growth has been very resilient. It's been a pleasant surprise. The growth drivers that drive – have driven our growth in the past are still there, so the secular shift from offline to online continues. We still have a single-digit share of a very big market, so there's a lot of opportunity to continue to add properties and to continue to penetrate the properties we have more deeply. Our teams are adding properties at a very healthy rate, as Glenn talked about, and we're working every day to continuously improve conversion on our websites. And then we have maintained a very consistent approach to advertising: no change in our approach, no change in competitive position that we can detect. So we continue to invest in reasonable ROIs to drive a healthy mix of top line growth and profitability. The 8% growth in guidance for EBITDA is a function of that top line growth that we talked about and then just the margin pressure that we're guiding to in the quarter, which is less than what we've seen over many of the last quarters where we've guided, and the drivers are pretty much every line item. So we are assuming that there will be more ROI pressure in Q2, but what I said last quarter, that overall we think for the first half of this year the margin pressure from performance marketing will be less than what we experienced in the back half of last year, I stay with that statement. I still feel comfortable with that. And then we're also investing in brand advertising as we're in peak booking season getting ready for peak travel season, and we're investing in OpEx for our brands, customer service people, property people to continue to sign new properties and continue our growth in the future. And then IT people that are working on innovative projects and just keeping up with the growth in the business.
Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch.: Great. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney with RBC. You may begin.
Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. First, congratulations, Dan. That's a phenomenal 33-quarter stretch both fundamentally and obviously in terms of the stock. So congratulations on that. Two questions, please. First, you talked about an expanding bookings window. Is that – as you mix-shift more and more away from hotels to non-hotels and vacation rentals, alternative accommodations, is that just a natural outflow of that that will bring you expanded bookings? And then I think you may have just covered this a little bit in Justin's question, but I'll try it again. The advertising efficiency that exceeded your forecast in the March quarter, was there something – anything new to particular to call out there? Anything that suggests that you'll sustainably improve advertising efficiencies? Or do you think that there was kind of one-time-ish kind of items? Thanks a lot.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, Mark. Regarding the expanding booking window, I would attribute that more to people continuing to repeat with our business, becoming familiar with the model, with strong occupancy rates and rising ADRs, looking to book farther in advance and feeling comfortable doing that because they know we have a very flexible model and if their plans change later they're able to change their booking. So I think that's the more fundamental driver there. That I would expect to continue. If there were some significant change in macro or maybe people felt less comfortable about whether or not they were going to travel economically or the ADRs were dropping, maybe they would change their behavior. But it would still be a free option to make a booking and then if prices drop you can change your booking later. So I think that's what's driving that. And then ad efficiency was pretty solid in Q1. It's a mix of what's going on at all of our brands. So we have some brands like KAYAK and agoda leaning a little bit more heavily into brand advertising or discounting to drive demand to their websites. There's still underlying ROI pressure, in general, and it's the trend we've seen for many years now. I would expect to see that going forward too, Mark, until we don't see it for an extended period of time. I would just build that into the forecast. It's what we have built into our forecast for Q2. And so that's what's built in there. I wouldn't – there's nothing that I have seen that would lead me to believe that there's a sustainable ability for ROIs to improve year-over-year.
Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thank you, Dan.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs. You may begin.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks, Dan. You actually kind of touched on this a little bit in response to Mark's question but just kind of curious how we should be thinking about the tradeoff between growth and margins going forward. I understand that the performance advertising line is going to be the biggest variable there, but you guys are clearly outgrowing the industry but we also have seen about 300 basis points of compression so far this year. And it seems to be about that implied in your Q2 guidance. Is that the right kind of run rate in terms of what's necessary to grow bookings and revenues or gross profit at this level given where the macro environment is? Or is there a better way to think of that?
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: I see a little less margin pressure than what you're talking about for Q2, Heath, unless you're adjusting for Easter timing. But then there would be less pressure in Q1. So, yeah, I'm seeing more like 150 bps for GAAP operating margins. It's always a balance between top line growth and bottom line growth. We try to strike a balance. From time to time, we see opportunities to invest in brand advertising. We think that's a good thing to do for our business for the long-term. There are OpEx investments that we've come across in the past, things like investing in mobile which have been critical to the success of the business. If you go back to 2012, we were a business that was generating room night reservations of 200 million and over the last 12 months we're more like 600 million room nights. So I think those investments have paid off and we're going to try to make start investments for the future. We're always looking to manage those expenses as closely as we can and with a fast-growing business we generally expect that we can make the investments that we need to make and not have pressure on margins from non-ad OpEx. But from time to time where we see the opportunity, we won't let short-term margin objectives do something that might be detrimental to the long-term growth of the business.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Great. I appreciate that. And then I guess just on the alternative accommodations business. How much of an advantage, at least when it comes to gaining share and traction in that space, do you feel like your fee-free model for consumers is for you relative to most of the other competitors in this space who are charging consumer-facing fees at this point?
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: It's Glenn speaking. Well, that's a difficult question to answer in terms of how we're doing versus the competitors given some are private and don't reveal how fast they're growing. I can only attest to our growth rate. And while we don't give out specific different types of growth rates for our different types of properties, I'm comfortable saying that, in the area you're talking about, that is growing faster than the overall average for the entire company. So we are pleased with that stronger growth rate in that area. We believe and our DNA is experiment and test. If we thought another way was better, we would do it that way. We are pleased with the way we're doing it. And we think in the long run this will be the winner. And one piece of evidence that I point to is I notice some of our competitors who have been shifting to our method of instantly bookable and talking about how fast they're going to be able to get those to be instantly bookable. So I think that would kind of indicate that other people believe that this is the better route.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks, Glenn.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Eric Sheridan with UBS. You may begin.
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the question and congrats, Dan, on the decision. Maybe focusing back on driving engagement with your return customers, I want to understand a little bit about where you're allocating capital either in remarketing to bookers or maybe even the Genius program and how you're thinking about the returns that driving second and third direct traffic back to the site might change some of the marketing efficiency long-term? Thank you.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Hi. So we don't disclose repeat rates, nor do we disclose how much money we're devoting to remarketing. So a lot of the data you would like to hear, unfortunately I can't share that with you. I can share with you, though, how important we believe repeat business is. And the way you get repeat business isn't just marketing type stuff. What you have to do is provide a great booking experience for the customer. That's something that we think we have done no matter which way they're doing it, whether they're doing it online, or mobile. We believe that we provide a great service to our customers and that's why they come back. A couple other reasons. One that I think is so important is customer service. We spend a lot of money on customer service, and right now in this quarter we're hiring customer service people to be prepared for that very, very important third quarter high season. We have to do that right and we need the people to do that. We need to train them now so they will perform well in that high-season period. Because good customer service is where you get loyalty. It doesn't have to be anything that's screwed up in the booking of it. If the customer has a problem, we want to be able to help them out, no matter what the situation is. That's how we build loyalty, and I think that's one of the reasons for our strong growth. And I can give lots of anecdotes, but I won't. But I know we've reached out and we've helped our customers a great deal and I think that's one of the great reasons that we're being successful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question...
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Does that help?
Operator: Comes from Mark May with Citi. You may begin.
Mark A. May - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you. I know that vacation rentals have been a meaningful contributor to room-night growth recently, but I think you recently stated that you're not only in the early process of adding inventory there, but that you haven't maybe promoted it as much as you would like to your users. And just a question is what are your plans for enhancing the promotion of this offering to your users? And then secondly, another question in terms of the advertising, performance advertising leverage. Is there anything that you're seeing, either in the market externally or things that you're doing internally driven, where you actually think that you could actually see some leverage in ad spend in the near to medium term. Thanks.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: So I'll take the first one, and Dan will take the second one. I agree with that statement that not as many people know about our great product as I would like, because I'd like everybody to know about it. Now, in terms of your question about how we're going to make more people be aware of our vacation-rental business, we are acting, we are working on it, and we are coming up with plans. But I think the last thing I want to do is reveal what our plans are to our competitors and how we're going to make more people aware that we do have this great product. So I'm going to have to pass on actually giving away the plans on how we're going to make people aware of our product. Dan?
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: And then performance advertising leverage, Mark, it's all the factors you mentioned. So it's what's happening with external players, what we're doing internally, again trying to strike a balance between top line growth and bottom line growth. So we're pushing into channels where we think we can do that efficiently. There's also the manner in which the auction is run by the advertiser, and we're balancing all of those to try and strike a good balance. What I answered earlier to somebody else's question, I wouldn't forecast that there's going to be leverage in performance marketing. I would have to see that for a number of quarters and have some reason to expect it to continue before I would build that into a forecast. While we have had quarters here and there where the leverage story on performance marketing has been better, in general now for many years, all the way back to 2012, it's been a source of margin pressure. And I've seen it as a source of margin pressure in other players in our space too. In fact, to a greater degree on their margins than what we've experienced with ours. So I feel comfortable that we are continuing to expand our lead in a very competitive marketplace, and performance marketing has been the most important tool that we have used to try and drive traffic to our website over our history and build our brands. We're improving our capabilities with brand advertising, and we look to deploy money there too where we think we can get a reasonable return. Even if it's over a longer period of time because there's typically a lag there between when you spend and then the benefit that you get by having more brand awareness and having people potentially come to you directly, which would improve the performance advertising metrics. And maybe even just cause them to search for our brand or a higher propensity to click on our brand when they search in other paid channels. So I think there's opportunities for us from time to time to invest a little bit more heavily in brand advertising and that would help, but I wouldn't forecast performance advertising leverage until we see that happening.
Mark A. May - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Bieber with Credit Suisse. You may begin.
Paul Bieber - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thank you for taking my questions and congratulations, Dan. I was hoping you can provide some color on the puts and takes that drove the lower year-over-year agency take rates. I think some of that is from the Easter shift, but hoping that you can elaborate. And then the second question is I was hoping that you'd provide color on why meta-search is becoming so strategically important across the industry? Is it because of Trivago's growth? Is it because of the breakdown of rate parity? Or are there some other reasons for just the strategic importance of meta-search?
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Why don't I take that second one first, and Dan can take the first one. So meta is important. We have KAYAK. We're pleased with their performance. And there are others, like you mentioned Trivago. But I'd caution you when I say how important it is, I'm not sure it's a qualitative term, not a quantitative term. I'd like to point out that our overall business through meta is still a relatively small amount. So I wouldn't overemphasize it. It's important but I wouldn't overemphasize it. Why is it growing? Why do people like to use it? I could give some potential reasons of people enjoy to be able to see multiple price properties there with different prices so they can see is this the best price or not. And then they can go off to a place like Booking.com or Priceline or agoda and do the actual booking. But the why side of the point to us is making sure that we're there. We try and run our business so we are aware of where the customer wants to be. And customers who want to use meta, we have a great product there for them. And that's how we do it. It's us not trying to tell the customer you should use this; it's us making sure we have the best product service available for that customer who wants to use it. And I think that's the best way to look at it. Dan?
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: And, Paul, your assumption was correct on the agency take rate. So you're looking at agency gross profit divided by agency gross bookings. That's down because of the Easter shift. The fundamental take rates are very, very stable.
Paul Bieber - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross Sandler with Barclays. You may begin.
Ross Sandler - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Congrats, Dan. I just had two questions. One was a follow-up on the earlier question about repeat users. So have some of those efforts that Glenn mentioned to drive repeats, are those metrics actually improving? Or do you guys kind of view this as a space where the potential around repeat, given the low frequency of purchases, just may not be there? Or is there a penetration rate that you think the industry needs to be at where, you know, repeat – organic repeat can be a source of leverage at some point down the road? And then the second question is, any color on Facebook's new retargeting product for travel? I know you guys have been testing it. How has that been going? Thank you.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: It's Glenn speaking. So going back on that repeat. I think, you know, the way we answered it pretty much answered as much as we can say. Although I will add that we are very pleased with our repeat rate. And I'm not going to give out a repeat number, but I'd caution everybody in trying to think they know what it is. So I just want to caution you on that. The second thing which I didn't mention about repeat, which I think is an important factor, is providing that great service and having them come back is something that not only helps us with that person, but there's that ability for people to be talking about what a good service it is. So you get another benefit in that word-of-mouth type advertising that's also very helpful and very powerful. So we agree repeat is very important. We work to make sure we give a good service. We want them to have that good service, and then there's an echo effect on it going forward. In regards to Facebook, we have mentioned earlier several times that we are working with Facebook, trying to improve the way to get more business out of Facebook. We have people who are dedicated to working with Facebook to create this because we pointed out we would like to spend a lot more money with Facebook. But as Dan has pointed out and we've talked about a lot in the past, we try to be very disciplined about our marketing expense and we want to get the appropriate ROI. So we need to come up with tools and ways to get and products – ways that Facebook will give us a good return on our spend. When that happens, we are ready, willing, able to spend a lot of money with them to find another way to get customers. Is that helpful?
Ross Sandler - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Super helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Perry Gold with MoffettNathanson. You may begin.
Perry Gold - MoffettNathanson LLC: Thanks so much for taking the question and congratulations, Dan. Two please if I may. Can you provide any color in terms of any potential impact you saw to inbound travel to the U.S. as a result of the current administration's rhetoric and attempted travel bans? And could you also provide any color on broader macro or regional trends you have seen through the first five weeks or so of 2Q? Any notable changes to call out? Thanks so much.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: I'll just take the first part, and Dan can talk about the second part. Regarding political effects, a couple things I'd like to emphasize. One, we are an extremely global company. We are able to get someone a property in more than 200 countries and territories around the world. And if somebody decides that they don't want to visit one place for whatever reason it is, we are fortunate that we have properties where hopefully they will want to go and they'll be able to use us for that. So that's the first point. The second point is we have heard a lot of rhetoric about this, so we look at our data. And we have not seen a material impact from political events in the U.S. that we can tease out and say, that's a cause of something happening. It's – we just don't see it there in a material way. Other people may be seeing different things, but we can't comment on theirs. We're just looking at our data. Dan?
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: And, Perry, we feel like the broader macro trends are positive, particularly in the travel market. We see occupancy rates are strong, ADRs are up, the reported results of other players in the space I think we're very strong. So it feels to us like the macro is healthy. As far as it relates to the trend thus far in the quarter, it's a little bit clouded by the shift in Easter. So when there's a holiday like that where people are traveling, what we'll typically see is an uptick in cancellations going into the holiday for people whose plans have changed, and then while people are traveling, they're not making bookings, and so that impacts our gross bookings growth. So I'd say the broad macro is positive. It's a little bit difficult to read because of the impact of the shift in timing for Easter into Q2.
Perry Gold - MoffettNathanson LLC: Great. Thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Lloyd Walmsley with Deutsche Bank. You may begin.
Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. Wondering if you can just talk a little bit about the seasonality of the kind of noncore hotel accommodation business versus the core hotel. Do you see kind of more alternative accommodations have a longer booking window that's concentrated in the beginning of the year such that that faster growth kind of influences growth rates in 1Q structurally relative to the rest of the year while it's growing faster? Is there any color you can give that help us understand that seasonality?
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Lloyd, we're not seeing any significant impact on the booking window from the growth in vacation rentals on our site. And maybe that's based upon the way we're presenting them, very integrated into our search results, and so people are still searching the way they would search. Maybe there are some on-the-margin people that are coming in specifically looking for vacation rentals and they're booking a little bit earlier. But we think that the expansion in the booking window is more driven by growth in repeat users and direct traffic than the addition of vacation rental properties.
Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And I guess as a follow-up, it sounds like most of the users coming in and booking alternative accommodations are probably coming in on similar marketing channels and similar search terms. But is there any difference in terms of like where you're finding people who end up booking nontraditional or the kind of marketing ROIs associated with those folks, or those channels?
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: We're using the same channels to find people that end up booking vacation rentals. It opens up the panoply of keywords that we can advertise on by having these different types of properties. But the channels are the same. And we have said from time to time in the past that the vacation rental ADRs, take rates and ROIs are fairly similar. I mean, we don't run a separate AdWords campaign just for the vacation rentals. They're part of our broader campaigns and so we look at it in total.
Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Peter Stabler with Wells Fargo. You may begin.
Robert James Coolbrith - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good afternoon. This is Rob on the call for Peter. Another question on vacation rentals around instant bookability. Looking at your competitors today, properties that are online bookable with a 24-hour confirmation outnumber instantly bookable properties there maybe by five to one or more, depending on the market. Just wondering how important changing that owner or manager behavior will be for your supply growth into the future and what you think might change that behavior over time. Also just wondering, it's been a while since you gave us a sense of the relative scale of VR room nights. I think the last time was way back in mid-2015. I'm wondering if you might be willing to give us an update there. Thank you.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: So, we're not disclosing the room night data. So, we'll not be passing that over. But in regards to growing the supplier base, 51% supplier base growth in that category is a very rapid growth. So, I don't think we're up to the stage where you have to be concerned about changing property manager behavior right now. If and when that happens, we'll deal with it at that point. But right now just by this most recent data that we've disclosed, over 50% growth rate says that we've got a lot of properties out there to put on with the thing – the way they're willing to do it right now and not have to convince anybody of anything. We just need to get them signed up and put on the servers.
Robert James Coolbrith - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies. You may begin.
Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. And thank you, Dan, and congratulations also. Maybe a quick question on TripAdvisor, have you seen any impact to your performance there since Expedia has been added there? And then any – I think you said it's too small really to move too many needles, but any impact to the business from your Instant Book leads on TripAdvisor? Thanks.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Hi, Brian. No, what we said was when we got added to Instant Book, there was a lot of questions back then what was the impact. And because of the relative size of TripAdvisor to our business, it wasn't a significant impact to our growth or our advertising efficiency. And so the same is true now as Expedia got added. It hasn't significantly impacted our growth trend for ADRs with TripAdvisor.
Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Naved Khan with Cantor Fitzgerald. You may begin.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Yeah. Thank you very much. Can you elaborate a bit on the impact of the strong euro on the U.S. inbound and outbound and how meaningful is that as a part of the overall business? And then just on the expense line item, I look at G&A kind of jumped a bit sequentially as well as year-on-year. Anything to call out there?
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Well, strong euro. Times have changed when – now the $1.09/€1 is a strong euro. We're used to the good old days of $1.30. So I see nothing to call out there, Naved. It's been relatively stable for the last year or so. It's kind of been in that like $1.05 to $1.10 range. So nothing that I would call out regarding change in travel behavior from the euro. And I'm sorry, what was your second question?
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Just the G&A expense that kind of jumped sequentially, also year-on-year. So anything to call out, anything one-time there?
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Sequential G&A, I mean, the key drivers in there would be office-related expenses, so rent and related occupancy expenses and personnel related expenses, travel, and so forth.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Yeah. It's just that it's probably the first time in maybe over a year or so that the line items sort of deleveraged, was the showing leverage. That's why just the reason for the question.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: It would just be investments that we're making in those areas as we're adding head count and being ready for growth in the future.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Got it. Thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: And I would expect that that would be an area in particular, Naved, where we would have leverage for the most part going forward. So for whatever reason, if it's in Q1, it could surely just be from the Easter shift.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Kopelman with Cowen and Company. You may begin.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC: Hi. Thanks and congrats, Dan, on the retirement and on a great tenure. You talked about seasonality in bookings this year with Q2 slower than usual. Can you also comment on the seasonality of profit? Do you anticipate that the typical weighting of profit toward third quarter high season will be increasing this year versus last year? And if so why? Thanks a lot.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Well, we don't have a Q3 forecast for you, Kevin. So, I won't say whether the weighting will increase, because that could give you a read on the bottom line. But it will continue to be by far our biggest profitability quarter of the year given just the normal seasonality of the business with the great preponderance of travel happening in Q3 for high-season summer travel.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then just on the competitive landscape, last year, key competitor was having some issues during this time of year. Are you seeing any change as they've been more ramped up this year? Thanks.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: A couple things about the way we look at the landscape. One is we try and concentrate mostly on what can we do better, and we don't – we're not as concerned about what our competitors are doing. That's been a part of a culture at The Priceline Group for a very, very long time. So that being said, we're not naive. We do recognize that there is substantial competition out there, and people would like to try and take away some of our business and not let us go as fast as we have been going. I haven't seen any major changes in the last quarter that would indicate any major changes in the competitive landscape. And I'll let Dan, if Dan has any thoughts. Am I missing anything?
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: I'll just add from last year, we couldn't notice anything discernible in our results when they were talking about issues with their website, so...
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Yeah. Nothing that we could detect.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is Jed Kelly with Oppenheimer. You may begin.
Jed Kelly - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Great. Can you assess or expound on any changes you are seeing over the past year with the comfort level that traditional vacation-rental property managers that were typically operating through an inquiry-to-book model are now having with the instantly online-bookable model?
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: You know what? I haven't spoken to enough property managers to be able to answer that accurately or not. I think, we have to just look at the data, and the data is that we have lots of property managers who are willing to put their properties on our system. And as you can see from some of our competitors and what they have said, you can see that's happening in their businesses too. So from that data, I would make the assumption that people are becoming comfortable, or are comfortable, or always were comfortable if there was a system to do it easily. That's the best I think I can answer on that. And I just would reiterate that we are pleased with the growth of our supply in that area, and it is something that we are very focused on.
Jed Kelly - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray. You may begin.
Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hey. Good afternoon. And, Dan, congrats on a great run. I just have one question for you guys. There's been some chatter that the hotel groups are looking at finding new ways to gain back more direct-booking share, potentially through some I guess alternative methods like more lobbying or legislative or other means. I'd just be curious if you have any thoughts on whether or not this is a risk for Priceline and perhaps generally just how you feel about where your current relationships are with your hotel partners. Thank you.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Sure. Couple things, and I'll start with saying we have good relationships with our hotel suppliers. And if we didn't have good relationships, we wouldn't be able to grow as fast as we have been growing or have achieved the success that we have been able to achieve. And we do that by providing to our hotel partners some great services, helping them in areas that they can't do. We bring them customers, millions of customers. We put a platform out that enables them to see people from around the world and be able to try and get that customer to come into their hotel. And I read in the news some things that you're referring to, and I'd just make couple of points. One, as I think we have talked about before and you can do by just doing some math on the numbers that we've revealed, we have a mid-single-digit percentage market share in this business. There are a couple implications to that. One is we got a lot of landscape in front of us. There's a lot of room for us going forward. Second thing I'd say is in that news item, I heard them use the word like monopoly, and I just point out that I have never heard the word monopoly used in the same sentence about somebody who has a mid-single-digit share. We've done a very good job with our partners since I've come here 17 years ago. And we will I believe continue to do so going forward. Every company wants to try and have customers come to them direct and lower the marketing distribution cost as much as possible. We get that. Well, we'd like to do so ourselves. Believe me, I'd love for our customers to just call us and not have to pay any marketing at all to get them to come. But that's not the way the committed world works, and you have to pay to get people to come and notice you and pay for them to come continuously and come back. That's the way it works. I don't fault anybody for wanting to try and bring people to their business directly. I do fault anybody who makes misstatements or allegations that aren't true. Enough said.
Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the Q&A session. I'd like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Glenn D. Fogel - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Well, I just want to thank everybody for listening to us, and thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thanks for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-27 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeffery Boyd – Executive Chairman of the Board Glenn Fogel – Chief Executive Officer and President Daniel Finnegan – Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Mark Mahaney – RBC Capital Markets Justin Post – Bank of America Douglas Anmuth – JPMorgan Lloyd Walmsley – Deutsche Bank Brian Nowak – Morgan Stanley Eric Sheridan – UBS Mark May – Citi Paul Bieber – Credit Suisse Chris Merwin – Barclays Naved Khan – Cantor Fitzgerald Scott Devitt – Stifel Tom White – Macquarie Mike Olson – Piper Jaffray Peter Stabler – Wells Fargo Brian Fitzgerald – Jefferies Justin Patterson – Raymond James Brad Erickson – Pacific Crest Kevin Kopelman – Cowen and Company
Operator: Welcome to The Priceline Group’s Fourth Quarter 2016 Conference Call. The Priceline Group would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements, expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause the Group’s actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statement at the end of the group’s earnings press release, as well as the Group’s most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, The Priceline Group undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. A copy of the Group’s earnings press release together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement is available in the For Investors section of The Priceline Group’s website, www.pricelinegroup.com. And now I’d like to introduce The Priceline Group’s speakers for this afternoon, Jeffery Boyd, Glenn Fogel and Daniel Finnegan. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Jeffery Boyd: Thank you very much, and welcome to The Priceline Group’s fourth quarter conference call. I’m joined by Group’s CEO, Glenn Fogel; and Group’s CFO, Dan Finnegan. I will make some brief opening remarks, Glenn will provide a business update and Dan will give the detailed financial review. The Group performed well in the fourth quarter with both room night growth and earnings exceeding our expectations. This is a fitting conclusion to a strong year with the benefits of favorable industry dynamics, the scale of our accommodations business and solid execution by our teams allowed us to record impressive organic growth with attractive margins. At the same time, our brand’s made substantial investments in marketing, supply, content and product innovation to position the business for continued growth. As we look forward we will continue to pursue the strategy of driving growth and attractive margins, while investing for the future. I would like to thank my colleagues around the world for their support during my tenure as interim CEO and congratulate Glenn on his appointment as Group’s CEO. I will now turn the call over to Glenn for the business update.
Glenn Fogel: Thanks Jeff. And I and the entire company want to thank you for the leadership you provided over the last eight months as interim CEO. It’s an exciting time to become The Priceline Group’s CEO and I look forward to working with the talented leadership teams at our brands. I’m pleased to say that the company is performing well and is in a strong competitive position. We have substantial momentum as we execute against a very large market opportunity. I am happy with the progress our brands made last year and even more thrilled about the groundwork we’re laying for continued growth in the future. Now I’m going to talk a little bit about our individual brands. Booking.com executed another strong year in 2016 with accelerating room nights and gross bookings growth. Booking.com held over 289,000 properties over the last year, an increase of 33% driving real choice for its customers. Booking.com now has over 1,155,000 hotels, apartments, homes and other places to stay in over 220 countries and territories across the globe, and the platform includes approximately 591,000 instantly bookable vacation rental properties, that is a 49% year-over-year growth rate. Booking.com properties represent a combined total of approximately 25 million potentially bookable roams. Of this total, 17.2 million are within our traditional hotel partners and 7.8 million are bookable rooms or units in homes, apartment, villas, and other places to stay. We continue to expand aggressively into the alternative accommodations market, and we believe we offer more choices on an instantly bookable, no fee basis than anyone else. For our priceline.com brand 2016 was a year of investment. With the new leadership team in place, Priceline made progress rebuilding its technology platform and completely overhaul in the front end consumer experience on both desktop and mobile. These fundamental changes have enabled us to increase our experiment philosophy and introduce new features more rapidly. Also we’re excited about our expanded best deal brand campaign, which started in February. This consumer value proposition is an important evolution of the priceline.com band and we look forward to it contributing to the future growth. KAYAK recorded another solid year for the Group, posting good, top, and bottom line growth. We are positive about KAYAK’s prospects as it remains the only true multi-product global meta-search platform today. KAYAK furthered its global footprint this year, expanding into APAC and Latin America, and we recently signed a definitive agreement to acquire the Momondo Group, a leading European travel meta-engine to enhance KAYAK’s position in the European market. We are pleased with the Agoda’s performance in 2016, posting solid growth and profitability; despite operating in a challenging market, where aggressive discounting is prevalent. The team executed well in mobile and made smart investments in pricing strategies, user improvements and brand advertising campaigns in target markets. And in 2017 the Agoda team looks forward to continue to build a very strong global merchant supply. Rentalcars.com executed exceptionally well in 2016 and delivered a very good year despite the turmoil and impact of the Brexit booked. Rentalcars.com made some key metrics in 2016, which included growing its mobile mix, increasing its share of direct business, improving the customer experience and growing the number of suppliers on the platform. These achievements will continue to pay dividend for the business in 2017 and beyond. OpenTable achieved several important milestones this year, which we believe positions our company for a long-term sustainable growth. The company launched its global platform in October, which enables diners to search and book any restaurant in any of its domains. We believe this is a fundamental first step in providing a truly integrated global platform. The OpenTable network continues to grow in 2016 with over 40,000 restaurants utilizing its online reservation system. As we look forward to the balance of 2017 and beyond, The Priceline Group will continue to follow the strategy that has made us successful. Our supply chains will continue to aggressively add suppliers to our network, giving our customers more and more choice. Our front end customer service and IT teams will continue to innovate and work hard to expand our lead as the best place for customers to book. Our marketing teams will bring more customers to our desktop and mobile sites and promote our mobile apps while optimizing our return on investment in order to deliver profitable top line growth with market leading markets. In summary, I would like to thank my colleagues for delivering another great year. Their hard work and passion is the foundation upon which our business has been built. I will now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review.
Daniel Finnegan: Thanks, Glenn. I’ll discuss operating results and cash flows for the quarter and then provide guidance for the first quarter of 2017. All growth rates referenced in my comments are relative to the prior year comparable period unless otherwise indicated. I highlight that as we discussed the last couple of quarters the non-GAAP figures for our Q4 results and Q1 forecast includes stock-based compensation and do not reflect the reduction to income tax expense related to available NOLs. Q4 was a solid close to a very good year for The Priceline Group, with acceleration in Q4 room night growth to 31% compared to 29% in Q3. The 31% room night growth rate is the highest quarterly room night growth we have achieved since the first quarter of 2014. For full year 2016, room night growth of 29% accelerated by 380 bps compared to 2015, and represents a year in which we believe we grew our market share in U.S. and internationally through outstanding organic execution by our brands. Performance was strong across each of our key geographic regions and this momentum has carried over into Q1 as I will discuss in a moment when we get to guidance. Rental car day growth also accelerated to 14% in Q4 compared to 13% in Q3. Average daily rates for accommodations or ADRs, were down slightly for Q4 versus prior year on a constant currency basis for the consolidated group, which was slightly below our forecast. Foreign exchange rates unfavorably impacted growth rates expressed in U.S. dollars for our Q4 as compared to prior year and to our forecast. Q4 gross bookings grew by 26% expressed in U.S. dollars and grew by about 28% on a constant currency basis compared to prior year. The difference between constant currency gross bookings growth and room night growth is due to a decline in airline ticket gross bookings, relatively slower growth for rental car gross bookings and slightly lower accommodation ADRs. Gross profit for the quarter for Priceline Group was $2.3 billion and grew by 21% in U.S. dollars and by about 24% on a constant currency basis compared to prior year. Gross profit as a percentage of gross bookings for Q4 is 58 bps lower than prior year Q4. The decrease is due import to book versus day time lag with accelerating gross bookings growth in Q4, and an expanding booking window. Other contributing factors for the variance are discounted closed user group rates, business mix, and the level of accommodation participation in preferred placement and commission override programs. We believe that our commission rates are defensible over the long-term based upon the significant values delivered to our travel partners at relatively low distribution costs. Our international operations generated gross profit of $2 billion, which grew by 23% in U.S. dollars and by about 26% on a constant currency basis compared to prior year. Gross profit for our U.S. operations amounted to $293 million, which grew about 9% compared to the prior year. Advertising and other revenue, which is mainly comprised of non-intercompany revenues for KAYAK and OpenTable, grew by 12% in Q4 compared to the prior year. GAAP operating income grew by 20% and GAAP operating margin decreased by 29 bps compared to Q4 last year due to performance advertising, partially offset by leverage in brand advertising and non-ad operating expenses. Performance advertising deleverage was impacted by lower advertising ROIs and increase in share of business coming through performance advertising channels and acceleration in gross booking growth that will partly benefit gross profit in subsequent quarters when travel takes place. That results in more performance advertising expense in Q4. Adjusted EBITDA for Q4 amounted to $869 million, which exceeded the top end of our guidance range of $795 million and grew by 22% versus prior year. EBITDA margin performance was better than our forecast due mainly to gross profit growth and advertising efficiency that exceeded our forecast. GAAP net income grew by 34% and fully diluted EPS increased by 35%, including increased interest expense from our bond offerings and the beneficial impact of lower share count resulting from stock repurchases. Non-GAAP net income per share was $14.21, up 32% versus the prior year, exceeding our guidance for the quarter and FactSet consensus of $12.89. For full year 2016 adjusted EBITDA of $4.1 billion grew by 19% and represents a 40% EBITDA margin. I’d like to thank our people around the world for their talents and hard wok to deliver such strong performance from both the top line and bottom line perspective. In terms of cash flow we generated $1.1 billion of cash from operations during fourth quarter 2016, which is an increase of about 26%. For the full year we generated operating cash flow of $3.9 billion and spent $268 million on CapEx and land use rights which means about 35% of our gross profit converted into free cash flow. During the year we purchased 763,000 shares of our common stock or $1 billion. Our Board recently gave us a new authorization to repurchase up to 2 billion of our common stock, which increases our total open stock repurchase authorization to about $4 billion. We expect to execute this program consistent with the pattern we have established over the last few years, returning capital to our shareholders at pace we think makes sense based upon the price which our stock is trading, liquidity available in U.S. without incurring sizable incremental tax friction and potential other uses for such capital. We are hopeful that the new U.S. administration’s promised tax reform will give us future access to our international cash and cash flows with little or no additional U.S. tax cost. We also have access to U.S. liquidity in debt markets at attractive rates while remaining committed to a strong balance sheet and our investment grade credit rating. Our cash and investments amounted to $13.9 billion at December 31, 2016, with about $1.3 billion of that balance in the U.S. We recently announced the acquisition of the Momondo Group for $555 million subject to regulatory review which we hope will be completed later this year. We are excited to add this leading European meta-search business to our KAYAK portfolio. We intend to use international cash for the purchase at closing and we expect the acquisition to be modestly accreted to our non-GAAP EPS in the first year after close. We will not comment further regarding our post-close strategy pending regulatory approval. Now for Q1 guidance. Q1 is off to a solid start with gross bookings continuing to grow nicely across our key geographic regions despite a year-over-year room night growth comp about 400 bps more difficult than Q4. We estimate that the shift of Easter into Q2 has a slightly beneficial impact on Q1 gross bookings growth with an offsetting negative impact of Q2 gross bookings growth. The Q1 impact is offset by prior year Q1 including an extra day for the leap year. For Q1 guidance we are forecasting book room nights to grow by 20% to 25% and total gross bookings to grow by 17% to 22% in U.S. dollars and by 19% to 24% on our constant currency basis. Our Q1 forecast assumes that constant currency accommodation ADRs for the consolidated group will be up by about 1% compared to the prior year period. The strength in gross bookings comes with associated performance advertising expenses, which pressures Q1 earnings growth and margins, because the ad expenses recognized as incurred, but a meaningful portion of these bookings won’t be recognized as revenue until travel occurs in Q2, Q3 and beyond due to the normal seasonality of our business. The shift of Easter from Q1 last year to Q2 this year will also negatively impact our Q1 gross profit, operating profit, EBITDA, net income and operating margins and we will benefit those metrics in Q2 in both cases compared to the prior year. Therefore for Q1, we expect the gross profit to grow more slowly than gross bookings, due principally to the dynamics of book versus day timing I just mentioned and to a lesser extent the other factors that impact the gross margins for Q4. We forecast gross profits grow by 9.5% to 14.5% in U.S. dollars and by 11% to 16% on a constant currency basis. GAAP operating margins express the GAAP operating income as a percentage of gross profit are expected to be lower than prior year Q1 by about 540 bps, due largely to the seasonal timing issues I just discussed, which creates more deleverage in the performance advertising line. Our Q1 forecast assumes that the long-term trend of year-over-year pressure on performance marketing ROIs will continue. But to a slightly lesser degree than experienced in the last couple of quarters and that paid channel growth will continue to be strong. We expect the pressure on performance advertising efficiency over the first half of 2017 to be slightly favorable what we experienced over the second half of 2016. Our forecast assumes further deterioration in ROIs over the balance of the quarter to provide us with flexibility in a dynamic market to follow our consistent approach of generating gross bookings at reasonable ROIs. Non-ad OpEx and brand advertising are also forecast that the pressure Q1 margins as we invest in our brands in advance of peak travel season and comp against a relatively later rollout of brand advertising campaigns last year. We continue to expect to have leverage in non-ad OpEx and brand advertising over the long-term. Q1 adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $550 million and $580 million which at the midpoint about 7% versus prior year. EBITDA growth and margins are impacted by the same factors I just discussed for GAAP operating profit. We forecast GAAP EPS between $7.50 and $7.90 per share for Q1, which at the midpoint is up by about 3% versus prior year. Our EPS guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of 50 million shares based upon yesterday’s closing stock price and reflects the beneficial impact of the common stock repurchases we have made to date. We’re forecasting Q1 non-GAAP fully diluted EPS of approximately $8.25 to $8.65 per share which at the midpoint is down about 8% versus prior year. Our forecasted non-GAAP income tax rate is about 19% for Q1 and 18% for the full year. The difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP results is driven by non-GAAP adjustments that are detailed in our earnings release. Our Q1 forecast is based upon recent foreign exchange rates and assumes that our growth rate in U.S. dollars will be negatively impacted by foreign exchange rate fluctuations. I highlight that the basket of foreign currency in which we transact weakened on a weighted-average basis by about 2% versus the U.S. dollar. Since we reported our earnings last quarter and most analysts plan to update their forecast. Consistent with past practice, we have hedge contract in place to substantially shield our first quarter EBITDA, net earnings from any further fluctuation in the euro, British pound, and various other currencies versus the dollar between now and the end of the quarter. Our forecast does not assume any significant change in macroeconomic conditions in general or in the travel market in particular. We will now take your questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mark Mahaney: Great. Two questions please. Dan you talked about the seeing long-term, that long-term trended performance market and deleverage, seeing it less than you have in the past. So any thoughts on why that is, do you think that there’s for some reason less competitive intensity. What would be causing that? And then Glenn, if I could ask you. You talked about one of the three priorities being growing the supply base and is that something you think you can continue to do largely organically. Are there other options for doing that and I’m sorry – I’m going to layer in a third question which is do you think there’s enough brand awareness of the advantage the size you have in instantly bookable non-traditional alternative accommodations or is that potential area of growth of marketing spend for you in the future? Thank you.
Daniel Finnegan: So Mark, on the first part the trend for deleverage and performance advertising, we’re pleased to see a little bit of an improvement in that trend thus far into Q1 and forecasted for the remainder of the quarter. It’s a function I think of all the good things our brand teams do – continuously adding to the supply available on our websites to give our customers more choice, continuous improvement in conversion. And then also just discipline that the marketing teams employ in these markets to try and bring us good top line growth at a very strong ROIs and profitability. And I think just all those things converging has been helpful for us. The comp, it was difficult for the back half but it’s also difficult for the first half of the year. So I think it’s really more a function of those things that our brand teams are doing. In terms of competitive intensity just who are listening to the calls from some of the other place – in this space of anything they appear to be as competitive or even more competitive that they have been in the past. So I wouldn’t attribute the slight favorability in trends to competitor dynamics.
Glenn Fogel: And Mark, thanks for the call. I think those are two quick questions. And the first one about growing supply and the question can we do it organically or not. As I made the comment a few moments ago about last year being able to add 289,000 properties it was an increase of 33% that was all organic. We believe that we can continue to grow the supply greatly organically. And I’ll just make the point that we look many, many times about ways to add to it inorganically through some type of acquisition. One on the critical things is very important is, when you go out and you buy a company that has some supply approximately you may not have, you have to think about the way their systems work and help easier, they are going to be – to bring in that supply into our system or the amount of distraction make it worst and just go ahead in getting those properties our own. So if you see in the history of our company, we haven’t done a lot of going out recently in getting supply inorganically. So I think that’s the part we’re going to go with. In terms of your question about the brand advantage of the instantly bookable vacation rental product and I will add to the fact, I’ll repeat to think about no feed at the traveler. You may have a point there and I may take this to the marketing people afterwards because I believe we have the absolute best product in that space out there right now. And we definitely believe that this is where we can drive very hard and it’s going to provide a good growth area for us in the future. Thanks for the call, good question.
Mark Mahaney: Thanks, Glenn.
Glenn Fogel: So do we have the next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Post of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Justin Post: Great, thanks. Glenn, congratulations on the job. You’re inheriting a pretty well-oiled machine, but just wondering if you have any thoughts about changes, the strategic direction or the M&A appetite of the company. And then one for you Dan. It looks like you’re bookings guidance and your room nights is very robust in Q1, but earnings and EBITDA a little bit below Street expectations. Can you help us at all understand how much gross profit might be pushed out into 2Q relative to last year due to Easter or any other factors? Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: Thanks for that question and it doesn’t surprise me that that question would be asked. I’ve been in the company now 17 years and started out in corporate development, M&A, either on strategy title sometime later. And I worked with all the CEOs very closely on our strategy. So what I would say is, well, my title has changed and the role has changed, but the company strategy has absolutely not changed. The strategy that we’ve employed over the last 17 years has been very successful for us, and we’re going to continue going forward the same way. And that’s using incredibly talented people who are able to come up with very innovative ideas and implement them to make sure that we’re accomplishing our mission which is to help people experience the world. In terms of M&A specifically, I think we’ve done a very good job of that in the past. We look at a lot of, lot of potential deals but we’re careful about it. We understand the risk and we try to be prudent. So that have done in the past, I expect this is how we’re going to do it going forward.
Daniel Finnegan: And Justin, in terms of a top line versus bottom line growth for Q1 forecast, I think you nailed it well. We’re pleased with the top line strength in our forecast, growth that the business has delivered thus far in the quarter. And that strength in top line, pressures the bottom line in the first quarter, we get the gross bookings, we incur the advertising expense, but a significant portion of them are going to check out in Q2 and Q3 and even beyond when travel occurs. I guess the easiest thing I could point to for you is the differential in growth rate between gross bookings and gross profit. Eventually, I would expect those gross bookings to turn into gross profit. We last year gave you an estimate on what we taught the Easter impact was we quantified it at $40 million. We haven’t done a new estimate on that, we figured we’d let that one to stand. So that gives you some sense of what the user impact was in last year benefits Q1. And we would expect strong gross bookings performance in Q1 will benefit Q2 and Q3 to a large extent as well.
Justin Post: Okay. Thank you.
Daniel Finnegan: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Douglas Anmuth of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Douglas Anmuth: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Glenn, I just wanted to ask you about your views on meta. I mean, you obviously talked a lot about how the business is kind of increasingly shifting toward performance spend and we’ve seen that obviously over the last few years, we can see it in some other companies numbers as well. So, I guess the question is with KAYAK which you acquired a few years ago and then recently with Momondo, I mean, do you really – can you make this a much bigger push within sight of within Priceline just given how much you’re spending outside currently? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: That’s also a very good question. And I think it’s very obvious that consumers – more and more consumers are liking the meta experience. And our goal is to have the service that the customer wants. We don’t force customers how to enter and do their travel search. People who want to use meta, we want to make sure we’re providing the best meta which we think we are doing. So I think in terms of answering your question, we believe that it can become a much bigger business, but this is in meantime a much more by what the consumer want, not that what we want. Is that helpful?
Douglas Anmuth: It is. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Lloyd Walmsley of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Lloyd Walmsley: Thanks. Two, if I can. First, if you can just give us a sense for where you’re seeing the most strength in the room night growth particularly in the first quarter where you’re clearly growing nicely in the face of tough comps. Do you feel like the macro environment is improving or there any particular geographies you’d call out or product types you’d call out is driving that supply? And then I guess a related follow-up, if I can. Can you just give us a sense for volume growth out of some key marketing channels or do you feel like core search continues to provide nice growth? And are you seeing a ramp in ad channels like Facebook or they starting to become more meaningful? Anything you could share there would be appreciated.
Glenn Fogel: Yes. Why don’t you, Dan?
Daniel Finnegan: Sure, Glenn. Hey Lloyd, so I said in the prepared remarks that the strength in room night growth is across all our few geographic regions, I would say it’s across all channels. I did make the point that paid channels are growing faster than direct at the moment. And I don’t think that’s a surprising trend given that the strength in top line that we are seeing with acceleration over the last few quarters. I think anytime we see that kind of health in the top line growth, it’s largely due to new customers coming to the franchise. And hopefully we will be able to repeat the trend that we’ve seen in the past by winning them over to become loyal customers in the future. So we’re pleased across geographies, across channels. From a macro perspective, the reported results and forecast that we have is strong, and I’d say that, what we saw from other players in our space and the large chains from a RevPAR perspective leads us to conclude that the macro is healthy, particularly in travel. And then in volume growth, the paid channels are growing faster than direct. So we’re pleased with the work our brand teams and our marketing teams are doing to continue to drive strong growth, but it was a very good profitability. We do care about our margins. We do care about bottom line growth and I think that the teams are striking a good balance between the two. Core search is still an important part, PPC and Google is our biggest advertising channel. So we’re pleased with the results we’re seeing there.
Lloyd Walmsley: All right. Thanks guys.
Daniel Finnegan: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Brian Nowak of Morgan Stanley. Your question, please.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking my questions, I have two. The first one to go back to your last comments on paid growing faster than direct, guess I’d be curious to know, is that true generally across all your markets, you’re including the more mature European markets. And if that’s true in Europe is there any anecdotes or examples you can give us of how you’re still finding ways to grow even faster paid traffic and even your more mature markets to be really helpful. And the secondly, just to go at your prepared remarks. You mentioned some commission overrides. What are those and how should we think about that for 2017? Thanks.
Daniel Finnegan: I’m not going to get too much into paid growth rates by market. And that could have some competitors sensitivity to it how progress so we are in one market versus another. Can you assume that in the markets we’ve been longer the brand is better known and we typically get more direct traffic without going to specific growth rate to market by market. And commission overrides are a tool that Booking.com makes available to our supply parkers, whereby they can ratchet up the commission rate that they pay us in order to improve their ranking and drive more business in their website. And when the travel macro is healthy and the hotels and properties are successful in filling their rooms, without pinpoint machine, we actually particularly see them not use those to the same extend, I think that’s what’s driving the trend over the last couple of quarters.
Brian Nowak: Okay, great. Thanks.
Daniel Finnegan: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Eric Sheridan of UBS. Your line is open.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks so much for taking the question. Maybe two if I can. One, on the shared accommodation piece of the business, what to understand a little bit of the strategic decision to switch decommission or deemphasize the villas.com brand and sort of we incorporate all of the inventory at Booking.com. Just wondering still a bit how you felt that positioned you strategically for the medium- and long-term. And then second on the brand advertising piece, you talked before about pushing it in branded which are the return you’ve gotten. Any color you could give us there about when you have pushed in on brand advertising spend, what does done for traffic or what does done to remarketing would be helpful. Thank you so much.
Glenn Fogel: I’ll do the first one and I’ll let Dan take the second one. About villas.com, this is a good example to show how innovative and how the people at Booking.com are able to come up with new ideas, experiment, put something out into the marketplace, see if it works not, see how well it’s working; and if it’s not working, then more than wanting to pull it done and change it around, and that’s really an example of villas.com. It was an idea to help us in that non-hotel accommodations area, we put it out there, we experiment, we optimized; and sometimes the customer prefers to have all its inventory in one place on Booking.com and that’s where we should spend our time, energy, effect in optimizing that and so that’s what they did. It’s one of those things that just shows, I just love the way that the people throughout our organization do is that they’re not – there are willing to – let’s say it doesn’t work put it down, let’s move on to something else that will work. And I’m very pleased with the way we’re making progress with that product and I think we’re seeing some substantial growth.
Daniel Finnegan: And on the brand advertising side, Eric, we think it’s important to the long-term health of our brand to support them and advertise them in various markets around the world. Typically when you make a push it maybe ROI negative in the beginning, we’re pleased with the continuous improvement and sophistication at each of our brands to really look at the analytical metrics as they roll out new campaigns to be able to understand the impact of this, and hold back if they feel the creative isn’t working and roll out with different creative, they are testing creator running it in digital channels that fairly low cost for rolling it out in major campaigns on television. So I think we’re improving now. We’ve done a good job in the past and we will continue to support our clients in brand advertising in the future.
Eric Sheridan: Thank you.
Daniel Finnegan: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark May of Citi. Your line is open.
Mark May: Thanks for taking my questions. I just want to circle back on the comment that you made earlier about paid channels growing faster than direct right now. That’s being driven more by changes in consumer behavior you mentioned greater use that I would include social greater use of search on mobile et cetera or is that being driven more by your own marketing efforts that’s driving it out? And then secondly, I think a year ago, you made some efforts to – that has help to grow your merchant business. Just wondering how sustainable do you think the accelerate growth that you seen in that channel over the last few quarters? Thanks.
Daniel Finnegan: Sure, Mark. So the paid channels growing faster, the time will tell how successful we are in converting those new customers that we found into loyal customers that come back to us directly. But our track record in the past has been good in that regard. We’ve seen good growth in repeat rates, we saw a positive trends in terms of direct to the channel for business before a good period of time there until we saw a such strong acceleration in top line growth. And I’m not surprised to see some pressure on direct share when you’ve got that kind of growth. It’s likely that it’s going to new customers coming to the franchise. So we’re hopeful and we’ll track that and hopefully we will have some good news to report to you some point in the future in that regard. And then our merchant business is driven by a couple of different factors. So Booking.com has been entirely an agency business, since it was founded and over the past year has added the ability to process transactions on a merchant basis. They’ve done that for a number of reasons but one of the principal ones was, they were getting into more vacation rentals, a portion of these properties don’t have the ability to charge credit cards. And so that would create a complexity for our guest that’s checking into one of these properties and have come with a pile of cash to pay. And so we charge the customer’s credit card and then we remit payment to the property. So it’s really just a facilitate business and that’s driven some faster growth in our merchant gross bookings. Interestingly at the same time Agoda which is – has only been principally a merchant business, and that has good growth rates for us over the past several quarters has been adding more and more agency capability by using inventory that they share from Booking.com. And so I wouldn’t focus so much on is merchant growing faster agency but more of how is the total doing. In different as to – that means by which the customer wants the book if they want to have us to charge their credit card or they want to book agency and pay at the hotel. We’re okay, either way and so that’s what’s impacting the growth from quarter-to-quarter with the merchant rate.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Bieber of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Paul Bieber: Thank you for taking my question and congratulations Glenn on becoming the CEO. When we think about the growth opportunities for Priceline globally what are the geographies where you feel there is the largest opportunities to gain incremental market share over the coming year?
Glenn Fogel: Thanks, Paul. There is certainly are some areas where we know we should be able to go in and get some more share where we think its important area to be. We want to be careful with that because I certainly don’t want to give our competitors a roadmap until where we’re going to put our emphasis. But I will talk about some of its, there is well known, I’m not give you that we believe over the next decades China will continue to be one of the largest opportunities for travel growth. And we’ve done a lot of effort over the last, I’ve been seeing China for 30 years now. I started going to China when it first came to Priceline to help make sure that we are part of that market. We’re going to continue to do it. We do it in number of different ways, we have a partnership with Ctrip but we also have two great companies that are operating in China, we have Booking.com is there and we have Agoda in there. And we operate for all different areas we are doing the outcome business. That meaning Chinese people want to try outside and we have a great advantage because of the breadth of our properties. We’ve got a great inbound business because we have been an incredible customer base. We have who want to go and visit China and then there’s the domestic business, which is not as big for us but we’re growing nicely there. So if you’re asking me to give you one area which I think everybody knows is important for travel, China is it. Now we also want to look, where there is some big markets that – we are the biggest player in the world, whether call it big market but we’re not number, I’ll point out the U.S. We are not number one in the U.S. would that give us more intension to try harder and make a bigger and make more share here. And so we’ll keep working on that. Is that helpful?
Paul Bieber: Very helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Merwin of Barclays. Your line is open.
Chris Merwin: All right, thank you. Do you think that the growth in alternative accommodations has the potential to change the margin structure of the business overtime and I guess in another words do you finding that younger cohorts of travelers looking to book alternative accommodations or coming to you via direct mobile channels. And is that helping with advertising efficiency or do you think if alternatives as yet another source of supply that should drive demand through traditional paid channels? Thanks.
Daniel Finnegan: So I think its more to the latter, Chris. So the alternative accommodations have financial metrics similar to the rest of our business in terms of ADR and take rate. One area that the margin can be negatively impacted for that business is just because the properties are less efficient and that they’re smaller they may only be single unit properties. The touch rate for our supply teams and for our customer service teams also given just the unique nature of some of these properties and could be a higher level questions for guests that are looking to stay in one of them. It can create and has created a modest level of pressure in our non-ad OpEx. Our teams continue to work on ways to make the business as efficient as possible enabling these properties to sign themselves up, build their own content, trying to continue to make our website more and more attuned to these differences for this type of business. So the customers can help themselves in terms of questions they may have from a customer service perspective. But in terms of advertising which is by far away our biggest expense. I wouldn’t foresee any significant difference for this business relative to our hotel and other accommodation business.
Chris Merwin: Okay, thank you.
Daniel Finnegan: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Naved Khan of Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open.
Naved Khan: Yes. Hi, thank you very much. Can you touch upon mobile? Where are you now in terms of the share of bookings coming from mobile versus desktop? And then I’ll then I had a question on Momondo.
Glenn Fogel: We’ll take the first one first. And we’re not going to disclose exactly where we are in terms of mobile versus any of the other was people book. But we will say that we know how incredibly important mobile is to the business. So as I pointed out earlier about another question about we know where the customers are. And we believe that customers are going to continue to want to use mobile they use it throughout their lives, throughout whatever they want to, they are continue to use it for travel. Now we believe we have a great advantage because of our scale and the number of technologies that we have in there. We can develop new ways to use mobile, new ways to optimize experiment to make sure that the best process, the best service for our customers. This is a great advantage for us and if you’re a small player or you are small supplier partner, we’re providing a great benefit to these small supplier partners because they can’t develop these mobile applications or do these developments quickly as we can. So it’s an advantage for us in that area. And your second question?
Naved Khan: Actually, just on mobile, just to touch up on the conversion rates there. Are you able to sort of drive significant improvement there, because obviously you’re getting more efficiency in the marketing channel. So is that – should we then take that to understand that in the mobile convergence that actually doing quite well and maybe the gap between mobile and desktop is narrowing nicely?
Glenn Fogel: Well, I’ll give my comments and see if Dan wants to add anything. But I think one has to be very, very careful about trying to figure out internal risk, it’s more better or worse for us in terms of health of the business or not. We continue to try and do the best we can to make sure that the customer is getting what they want and converting as fast as possible. But don’t forget, many, many consumers are going back and forth, back and forth; they looked on mobile, then they go home and use their desktop. To try and get these attributes if you really what is the right calculation, we believe it’s a difficult, difficult thing. And Dan, you want to add anything to that?
Daniel Finnegan: I’d just say that only that efficiency has been under pressure for the back half of 2016 and our forecast is for slight improvement going forward. So there’s nothing in there that I would call out specifically related to mobile.
Naved Khan: Okay, that’s helpful. And then quickly on Momondo. Can you just sort of talk about how much of the business is flights and how much is hotels and the growth rate in the business today is know as tenure business?
Daniel Finnegan: We are currently in the standard regulatory review process, so unfortunately it’s not the right thing for us to comment at all on them right now. But we will say that, after we’ve our closed transactions we will have some more color to give to you. How about that?
Naved Khan: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Devitt of Stifel. Your line is open.
Scott Devitt: Thanks for taking my question. There’s been a long history of consolidation in the industry. There’s also been a few inches of unbundling of assets. And just wondering how you think about the advertising funnel as you move up in terms of the assets that you have in place there, the competitive advantage that you have existing versus the value of vertically integrated further up the advertising stack? Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: That’s a great question Scott. There has been a lot of that consolidation up and down and has been unbundling and certainly we’ve seen acquisitions, and we’ve seen people build things organically. Our goal is to provide a great service to two sides of the market. One is the person who’s traveling and the other is to our partner supplier. So on the demand side, obviously we want to try and get that person who’s traveling as quickly as possible, fast as possible, provide them with the content they need. Now we have started our business down at the bottom where we can work right away. And that is a great place to be because that’s where you can make good money. And we also know that by providing more content to help them make their decisions earlier it will help make them more loyal to us, so we build out that too. So as anything we experiment, we test, we optimize, and we see are we getting the returning amount or the amount of money for people – effect that they were putting into supplement, that’s where we’re going to do it going forward. I will say that I think we’re pretty good at it and I’m looking forward to continuing to do it the way they’ve been doing it for 17 years.
Scott Devitt: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tom White with Macquarie. Your line is open.
Tom White: Great, thanks for taking the question. I think last quarter you guys talked a little bit about focusing more on affiliate deals or distribution deals as a way to drive growth. Correct me if I’m wrong, but I don’t think you guys have done those – that many of those types of deals in the past. I guess can you maybe just give us some color about how you’re thinking that is changed and how you kind of weigh the benefits of those deals versus having to split the economics. And just curious if this is a channel that will be big enough where it will have some feasible impact on your revenue margins over the next year or two or is it still quite small? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: Thanks, Tom. And since you referenced remarks made in the last quarter, I’m going to pass this to Dan.
Daniel Finnegan: There’s been no big change in our approach to affiliate deals Tom. We’ve been focused on them for a long time now. We have a way of looking at affiliate deals that we want to make sure that we’re getting good branding out of them. And that – it’s a fair share of the economics with affiliate partner. So we typically wouldn’t participate with a quick former type of affiliate that doesn’t really have a brand and they’re just using our content to potentially compete with us in paid advertising channels and take a slice of our economics. But deals that we’ve done with partners like Southwest Airlines we think those are great. That’s a real brand that has customers, and to the extent they’re also looking for a place to stay. We are the perfect partner to help their customer fine in that place to stay. In terms of the economics, I mean we don’t disclose them obviously but there’s been no significant change over the last several years. And that wouldn’t come out of revenue margin just to be clear. Our revenue would be the full amount earned from the hotel and then the amount that we share with the affiliates is recognized as performance marketing.
Tom White: Got it. Thank you.
Daniel Finnegan: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Olson of Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Mike Olson: Hey, good afternoon. I had two questions. You mentioned increased discounting Agoda is facing and when this happened in China we saw Ctrip margins get hit pretty hard. How significant is the discounting in Agoda as primary markets and you expect any material impact on Agoda margins as a result of it. And secondly do you consider getting more aggressive with some of the strategies that Priceline.com historically emphasize and essentially go back to the future I guess by putting some more resources into opaque or last minute models like what companies such as Hotel Tonight are experiencing success with? Thanks.
Daniel Finnegan: Yes. Let’s talk a little about APAC in general. APAC is a competitive, competitive market and we have a number of people out there who are building their business in ways that they believe that offer a lower price by using their own money to discount is advantageous for them in the long-term. So at that time we have to make decisions whether or not we’re going to match or not and I believe I mentioned, some of very good things that Agoda has been doing is pricing strategies very effective. In regards to the Priceline.com Company, as I mentioned they’ve come out with plan and they really are coming out its consumer value proposition that is really to tell the consumer that we’ve got the best deals now, the details are being provided by the suppliers, we’re not discounting them. That doesn’t necessarily mean that we are hurting our margins at all. In fact it’s a great deal for every – the hotel gets their customers and we get a similar margin that we get anyway. So I don’t think that we should be too concerned about how I think, you really coming out, there is going to be a big hit to margins in the long-term. I don’t think you should be too concerned about that which is I think we’re driving.
Mike Olson: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Peter Stabler of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Peter Stabler: Thanks for taking the questions, just two quick one. Dan, in your prepared remarks you talked about the expanding booking window. I just wonder, if you could give us a little more color on whether this is a trend you are expect to continue. And then this one is probably the last, but Glenn safe to assume no change in guidance philosophy given your tenure, Dan tenure. Thanks so much.
Daniel Finnegan: Okay. For the expanding booking window that is a phenomena that we’ve observed for a while now Peter. And I would expect that it will continue not knowing any reason why it wouldn’t maybe a change in the macro healthiness of the travel market could have an impact. You’ve seen the last several quarters with pretty healthy ADR. So I think it’s beneficial for people to book in advance. We have a growing numbers of repeat users that are familiar with our model, love the flexibility that it gives them. And so I think as people are more familiar and they use our service a number of times and become direct customers. They’re more comfortable booking in advance. So you have – right now I’d say that should continue going forward.
Glenn Fogel: And in the second question, we put guidance out there because we believe this is what we believe, the guidance – should we put out I don’t know, but I think we’re going to change this.
Peter Stabler: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Brian Fitzgerald: Thanks guys. Maybe a quick follow-up on social. Anything notable to call out – format specifically with Facebook’s dynamic product ads with travel? And then earlier you said you launched the OpenTable global platform in the quarter at a high level. What’s kind of the next focus for that business specifically? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: Regarding the Facebook marketing, we look forward to continue to work with Facebook to improve their products, so that we can get the opportunity to put more money to work there. We’re always looking for anybody can help us, bring us more customers with ROIs that produce loyal customers who’ll come back to us directly. It’s still very, very, very early. We’re working hard, we work with them and we’re hoping to have success down the road with them. I can’t promise it will happen or not, but we’re going to work with them and try to make it happen. What was your second question?
Brian Fitzgerald: Thanks, Glenn, it was on OpenTable you mentioned the global platform launch in the quarter, roll out in the quarter at a high level. What’s the next focus for that business specifically?
Glenn Fogel: Yes. Again, we don’t like talk too much about what we’re planning doing next. But as we’ve said we retooled strategy which is to build the business at a more profitable level, less investment and we’re very hopeful that we are growing out that global platform and be able to bring to our customers what they want, which is namely contact and the ability to get reservations for restaurants throughout the world. Now it’s going to take some time, more time perhaps than we thought originally. But we still believe in the product and we believe that when people are traveling they need a place to eat.
Brian Fitzgerald: Got it. Thanks, Glenn.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Justin Patterson of Raymond James. Your line is open.
Justin Patterson: Great thank you very much. I wanted to circle back to vacation rentals. So you got a lot of moment and supply there. Could you talk about the factors driving that and how we should think about supply growth by geography going forward? Thank you.
Glenn Fogel: Well, the factors that drive the growth in supply for us is no different whether it be a vacation rental or regular hotel or rental car or whatever a hotel. But we have people out there who are trying their best to go and make sure that the people will have that supply understand the benefits of our low cost distribution system. And we show them the benefit of general and people say yes, I want to be part of that because I see the incredible number of customers who are coming to our side from around the world in 42 languages who want to find a place to stay or rental a car whatever we offer. So it’s no different at all. Now you’re asking for specific areas whatever, again I want to just make this very, very plain that we believe we need to be everywhere throughout the world. So I’m not going to say we should be more in this place or that place, we want to be everywhere because customers are traveling around the world and the want to stay everywhere and that’s what we’re going to do.
Justin Patterson: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brad Erickson of Pacific Crest. Your line is open.
Brad Erickson: Two quick follow ups. First can you just unpack – are you able to unpack the growth that on room night metric between traditional hotel versus alternative accommodation. And then secondly just curious and it’s about seeing a bit of ROI leverage here on a comparable basis? Just curious how that compares to the alternative and accommodation and what’s contemplated in the forward outlook? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: That’s Dan.
Daniel Finnegan: Yes, Brad. You see the property growth on our website and that’s been driven more by vacation rentals. So you can assume that the vacation rentals are contributing nicely to our room night growth. We don’t split up the growth rate separately but that’s been a nice tailwind to our growth rate for several years now as we’ve continued to have more and more vacation rentals. And it’s certainly something that we expect to continue going forward. In terms of ROI leverage, we’re not going to break that down for you by hotel versus vacation rental. I wouldn’t really think of it that way anyway I mean we’re out there trying to bring customers to our website that are interested in a place to stay in Rome. And maybe they’re thinking they’re going to look for a hotel or two hotel rooms for their family. And then their teams have done such a good job of integrating the vacation rentals into the search results in a very intuitive way that customer may to say, I love this apartment in the heart of Rome is perfect for my family. We don’t need to stay in two separate hotel rooms and the price is great and it’s got a kitchen. So this is what I want. So we’re not really trying to target separately there are some keywords that maybe lend themselves more to the vacation rental space but we look at it from an overall portfolio perspective.
Brad Erickson: Got it, Thanks.
Daniel Finnegan: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Kevin Kopelman of Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Kevin Kopelman: Hi, thanks a lot and congrats to you, Glenn. Question on KAYAK, you mentioned it’s the only multi-product global meta-search player. Do you see being multi-product as an advantage in meta-search and if so why is that? Thanks.
Glenn Fogel: Yes. I think it is when people become loyal to a particular site that try meta particularly specifically because they are offering great services and it’s one of those things where the people who are great providing for our hotel meta-search or fight one final being able to provide those great ways to go out and see those different places. They will see all that different choices and go easily to be able to actually booking. That’s the advantage. Now clearly we believe that KAYAK is when Momondo, that’s mostly a flight one you seeing that in press and et cetera. But we know that where good in both areas, we are hoping to make sure that we continued to do that.
Kevin Kopelman: Thanks, Glenn.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I’d like to turn the call over for any closing remarks. Gentlemen?
Glenn Fogel: Listen, we want to thank everybody for coming on the call. And thank you very much for attending.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your program. Thank you for your participants and have a wonderful day. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-07 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeffery H. Boyd - The Priceline Group, Inc. Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.
Analysts: Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co. Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Douglas T. Anmuth - JPMorgan Securities LLC Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Christopher David Merwin - Barclays Capital, Inc. Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co. LLC Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities Tom White - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC Kenneth Sena - Evercore Group LLC Mike J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co.
Operator: Welcome to The Priceline Group's third quarter 2016 conference call. The Priceline Group would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements, expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause the group's actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statement at the end of the group's earnings press release as well as the group's most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, The Priceline Group undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. A copy of the group's earnings press release together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement is available in the For Investors section of The Priceline Group's website at www.pricelinegroup.com. And now I'd like to introduce The Priceline Group's speakers for this afternoon, Jeffery Boyd and Daniel Finnegan. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Jeffery H. Boyd - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Thank you very much, and welcome to The Priceline Group's third quarter conference call. I'm joined this afternoon by our Priceline Group's CFO, Dan Finnegan. The Priceline Group brands executed well, delivering on peak summer travel demand in the quarter. All of our global employees worked hard to make sure our customers had fantastic travel experiences, from our property teams driving availability in the quarter to our customer service teams handling the volumes of requests during our busiest season. Our financial results indicate favorable trends in the business. The group reported year-over-year room night growth of 29% for the third quarter, which represents acceleration over the second quarter. Consolidated gross bookings for the third quarter were approximately $18.5 billion, up about 26% on a constant currency basis or about 25% year-over-year in U.S. dollars. Gross profit was up 22% or about 23% on a constant currency basis. Earnings per share were $10.13 which was negatively impacted by a $941 million non-cash impairment charge that I will discuss in a moment. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $31.18, up 23% versus the prior year surpassing our guidance for the quarter and FactSet's consensus estimates of $29.92. Booking.com executed another strong quarter, showing acceleration in both room night and gross bookings growth. This acceleration for such a large business is a testament to Booking's growing inventory of hotel and non-hotel accommodations and its ability to optimize peak season travel demand with tools and automation to make sure it has the best availability combined with a seamless customer experience. Booking's property teams remained active in the quarter as its total property count now stands at approximately 1,065,000, which represents a year-over-year increase of 29%. The Booking.com platform includes approximately 529,000 instantly bookable vacation rental properties, which grew 39% year-over-year. Booking.com's properties represent a combined total of approximately 24.4 million potentially bookable rooms. Of this total, 16.9 million are within our traditional hotel partners and 7.5 million are bookable rooms in homes, apartments, villas, and other categories of unique places to stay. Our non-hotel properties continue to grow nicely as we build one of the largest platforms of instantly-bookable vacation rental and alternative accommodation properties in the market today. Adding supply of these growth rates creates momentum in the business beyond the current quarter as new properties typically become more productive over time once brought onto the Booking.com platform. Booking.com is also making substantial investments to drive future growth, including constant front-end experimentation, new product development such as Booking for Business and building more extensive distribution partnerships to extend the reach of the business. Exciting new relationships such as Southwest Airlines demonstrate how we are able to bring the power of our deep global distribution platform to enhance our partner's customer experience. The priceline.com team is working hard to improve performance and marketing, product, front-end, and mobile offerings. We believe the priceline.com's leadership team is making smart decisions to position this leading brand for growth in the future. We are pleased to announce the promotion of Brett Keller to CEO from Interim CEO recognizing the passionate and skilled leadership he has brought to the brand since taking the helm. KAYAK delivered another quarter of top and bottom line growth while also investing in the future. KAYAK work towards executing on its key initiatives for the year, usability improvements, customer optimization, and the development of new mobile tools. KAYAK also announced its expansion in Asia-Pacific and Latin America, two key geographic regions. With a greater presence in Asia-Pacific, KAYAK will be better positioned to capitalize on one of the largest online travel markets in the world. Additional resources in its Miami office will allow KAYAK to continue its fast-paced growth in Latin America where it already has operations in Brazil, Mexico, Argentina, Colombia, Chile, and Peru. Agoda posted a strong quarter with accelerating top line growth. It is particularly important to note that the growth came primarily through direct channels, which grew faster than its paid channels. Moreover, Agoda continues to see high rates of mobile growth across its customer base. Agoda continued investments in its merchant supply platform which enables it to control its content, innovate, and participate aggressively in closed user group and other discount offerings, which play an important role in the APAC market. Rental car days for the group grew 13% in the quarter, driven primarily by Rentalcars.com's strong performance. Rentalcars.com saw its rental car days accelerate in the quarter and witness robust demand across most of its key geographies. The team delivered on a busy summer season and executed a very solid quarter despite continued macro and currency pressures resulting from Brexit. Finally, turning to OpenTable, you will see in our recently filed 10-Q that we reported a non-cash impairment of goodwill of approximately $941 million. The impairment is the result of a change in OpenTable's business strategy relating to the pace of its international expansion and other growth initiatives. Importantly, this change in strategy allows OpenTable to invest in building its inventory of bookable restaurants and restaurant listings, in innovation around user experience and cloud-based restaurant tools, in new product development particularly in casual dining and in international expansion. OpenTable has delivered good results over the past two quarters with earnings growth driven by cost discipline versus plan, and growth in diners making reservations on OpenTable's branded sites. OpenTable's investments in future growth include completion of its international technology platform which will allow it to sell more effectively into the global traveler market, and to work on important product enhancements aimed at driving diner growth. We remain enthusiastic about the long-term prospects for OpenTable. In summary, the group executed well during our busiest quarter, producing record financial results. As always, I would like to thank our employees around the world for their hard work and dedication. I will now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Thanks, Jeff. I'll discuss operating results and cash flows for the quarter and then provide guidance for the fourth quarter of 2016. All growth rates referenced in my comments are relative to the prior-year comparable period unless otherwise indicated. Q3 was a solid quarter for The Priceline Group with acceleration in room night growth to 29% compared to 24% in Q2. Performance was strong across each of our key geographic regions and this momentum has carried over into Q4 as I will discuss in a moment when we get to guidance. Rental car day growth also accelerated to 13% in Q3 compared to 8% in Q2. Average daily rates for accommodations, or ADRs, were down by less than 1% for Q3 versus prior year on a constant currency basis for the consolidated group, which was consistent with our forecast. Foreign exchange rate impacts were slightly unfavorable to our results expressed in U.S. dollars as compared to prior year and were in line with our forecast. Q3 gross bookings grew by 25% expressed in U.S. dollars and grew by about 26% on a constant currency basis compared to prior year. The difference between constant currency gross bookings growth and room night growth is due to a decline in airline ticket gross bookings, lower accommodation ADRs, and relatively slower growth for rental car gross bookings. Gross profit for the quarter for The Priceline Group was $3.6 billion and grew by 22% in U.S. dollars and by about 23% on a constant currency basis compared to prior year. Non-GAAP gross profit as a percentage of gross bookings for Q3 is 41 bps lower than prior year Q3. The decrease is mainly due to normal book versus day time lag with accelerating gross bookings growth in Q3, and an expanding booking window. Other smaller contributing factors for the variance are the level of accommodation participation in preferred placement and commission override programs, business mix, and discounted closed user group rates. We continue to believe that our commission rates are sustainable over the long-term based upon the value that we deliver to our travel partners at relatively low distribution costs. Our international operations generated gross profit of $3.3 billion, which grew by 25% in U.S. dollars and by about 26% on a constant currency basis compared to prior year. Gross profit for our U.S. operations amounted to $335 million, which was about flat with the prior year. U.S. gross profit for Q3 2016 and 2015 includes benefits in the amount of $5.1 million and $13.7 million, respectively, related to favorable travel transaction tax rulings in Hawaii. Advertising and other revenue, which mainly comprised of non-intercompany revenues for KAYAK and OpenTable, grew by 11% in Q3 compared to the prior year. Operating income declined by 44%, including a $941 million non-cash impairment charge to write-down the carrying value of goodwill related to OpenTable. OpenTable has delivered healthy growth in diner reservations and improved operating results under the leadership of Christa Quarles and her management team. The impairment results from a reduction to our long-term forecasted results for the business based upon actual results since the acquisition and a change in strategy for the business going forward. The OpenTable team will continue to pursue its international expansion opportunity and other growth initiatives going forward, but will invest at a measured pace that is more commensurate with the current growth trajectory of the business. The non-cash goodwill impairment charge is excluded from non-GAAP operating income, adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP net income, and non-GAAP EPS because it is not indicative of our core operating results and renders comparisons with prior periods less meaningful. Non-GAAP operating income grew by 19% and non-GAAP operating margins exceeded our guidance, but decreased by 161 bps compared to Q3 last year due to performance advertising. Performance advertising deleverage was impacted by lower advertising ROIs and our acceleration in top line growth that will partly benefit gross profit in subsequent quarters when travel takes place. Operating margin performance was better than our forecast due to slightly better than forecasted advertising efficiency and less non-ad OpEx spending than assumed, partly due to spend shifting to Q4. Adjusted EBITDA for Q3 amounted to $1.9 billion, which exceeded the top end of our guidance range of $1.83 billion and grew by 19% versus prior year. GAAP net income decreased by 58% and fully diluted EPS decreased by 57%, in both cases inclusive of the $941 million impairment charge I discussed a moment ago. Non-GAAP net income increased by 20% and non-GAAP EPS grew by 23%, including interest expense from our recent bond offerings and the beneficial impact of a lower share count resulting from stock repurchases. In terms of cash flow, we generated $1.5 billion of cash from operations during third quarter 2016, which is about 15% above last year. We repurchased 144,000 shares of our common stock for $199 million during the quarter, and we have purchased an additional $25 million of our common stock after quarter close. CapEx for the quarter amounted to $54 million. We entered into a contract in Q3 to build a 753,000 square foot building with capacity for 4,600 employees in Amsterdam to serve as the headquarters for Booking.com. Our Booking.com team in Amsterdam is currently housed in several buildings across the city. We believe bringing the team together in a modern headquarters in the center of one of the greatest cities in the world will produce operational benefits. The project also makes sense from a financial perspective, as we will use international cash to build what we believe will be valuable real estate in the Amsterdam market. We expect the building to be completed in 2020 for a total cost of approximately €270 million plus the cost of office fit-out, furnishing, and fixtures. Q3 investment cash flows include about $54 million paid towards the project, including $48 million paid to obtain use rights to the land upon which we will build. We expect to pay about $40 million of the project cost in 2017, with the remainder paid over 2018 through 2020. Our cash and investments amounted to $13.7 billion at September 30, 2016, with about $1.5 billion of that amount from the U.S. Now for Q4 guidance, as I mentioned when we reported our results last quarter, starting with our guidance and reporting for the fourth quarter and going forward, we are changing our reporting for non-GAAP financial metrics. The guidance for Q4 that I'm about to give for adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP net income includes the cost of stock-based compensation. We are also no longer reducing income tax expense for the impact of net operating loss carry-forwards, as that benefit now represents a smaller contribution to non-GAAP net income and will eventually sunset as our NOLs are used or expire. Apart from the items above, our non-GAAP reporting will be generally consistent with prior practice. Our Q3 earnings release that was just issued includes a reconciliation of non-GAAP information to the corresponding GAAP measure prepared using this new methodology for each quarter of 2015 and the first three quarters of 2016 to assist investors with the transition. Q4 is off to a solid start, with gross bookings continuing to grow nicely across our key geographic regions. Our guidance assumes that our growth rates will decelerate as we progress through the quarter, mainly due to the size of our business and consistent with long-term trends. Our guidance also reflect a difficult comp starting in December and running through Q1 2017 because our room night growth accelerated fairly significantly in the prior-year comparable periods. Our Q4 forecast is based upon recent foreign exchange rates and assumes that our growth rates in U.S. dollars will be slightly dampened by foreign exchange rate fluctuations. For Q4 guidance, we are forecasting booked room nights to grow by 20% to 25% and total gross bookings to grow by 16% to 21% in U.S. dollars and by 17% to 22% on a constant currency basis. Our Q4 forecast assumes that constant currency accommodation ADRs for the consolidated group will be about the same as the prior-year period. We expect gross profit to grow by 13% to 18% in U.S. dollars and by 14% to 19% on a constant currency basis. Our adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $755 million and $795 million, which at the midpoint is up 8% versus prior year. We forecast that adjusted EBITDA will grow more slowly than gross profit due to forecasted ROI pressure for performance advertising. Our forecast assumes further deterioration in ROIs over the balance of the quarter to provide us with flexibility in a dynamic market to follow our consistent approach of generating gross bookings at reasonable ROIs. We are pleased with the balance struck by our brand teams in Q3 and thus far in Q4 to deliver exceptional top line growth with healthy bottom line growth and market-leading adjusted EBITDA margins. We forecast GAAP EPS between $11.40 and $12.00 per share for Q4, which at the midpoint is up about 17% versus prior year. Our EPS guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of 50 million shares based upon yesterday's closing stock price and reflects the beneficial impact of the common stock repurchases we have made to date. Our EPS guidance also benefits from a forecasted tax rate of 12% compared to the prior-year tax rate of 18% which results from forecasted mix of pre-tax earnings between our U.S. and international businesses. Our U.S. earnings, which include interest expense on our debt and the cost of our corporate group, are taxed at a substantially higher rate than our international earnings and are down in our Q4 forecast compared to the prior year. We are targeting Q4 non-GAAP fully diluted EPS of approximately $12.20 to $12.80 per share which at the midpoint is up about 17% versus prior year. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast includes an estimated income tax rate of approximately 14%, which is lower than the prior-year rate for the same reasons discussed a moment ago for the GAAP tax rate. As you model 2017, we estimate a full year non-GAAP tax rate of about 18%. The difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP results is driven by non-GAAP adjustments that are detailed in our earnings release. Consistent with past practice, we have hedge contract in place to substantially shield our fourth quarter EBITDA and net earnings from any further fluctuation in the euro, British pound, and various other currencies versus the dollar between now and the end of the quarter. Our forecast does not assume any significant change in macroeconomic conditions in general or in the travel market in particular. We will now take your questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Our first question comes from the line of Justin Post of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Obviously, the room nights came in well above your forecast and you're forecasting strength in Q4. Can you describe or discuss any market dynamics that maybe gotten more favorable in the quarter? And then on ROI on the marketing spend, it looks like it might have come in better than you forecast; maybe relate that to the room night comment. Thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Okay, Justin. So yes, room night performance was strong in the quarter. I said it was strong across all of our key geographic regions. I'd say it was broadly strong across all our demand channels too, so there's nothing I could call out in particular for you there and it was broad-based strength, the macro environment feels relatively healthy for us. That same story has continued thus far in Q4. We assume that we'll decelerate from here on out I think to a lesser extent than typical for November because we have the comp against the Paris terrorist attacks into a greater extent than usual for the month of December given the difficult comp that we had in the prior year. And then the ROI is better than the forecast. I think you can get a sense for the split between how much of the margin pressure is driven by the acceleration in the business relative to ROI pressure by looking at the growth and performance advertising relative to our gross bookings growth and then the disconnect there would give you an indication of ROI pressure and then the remainder, the performance advertising relative to gross profit is due to book versus day time lag.
Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. And maybe one follow up, any pressure you're seeing from the hotel change discounting directly on their own sites, any change there?
Jeffery H. Boyd - The Priceline Group, Inc.: We haven't seen, Justin, much of a change in that situation since we reported last quarter. I think the statements coming from the chains have been consistent and we haven't seen anything in the marketplace to indicate a change in the general dynamics associated with that.
Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Thank you
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open
Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. You talked about, with the Agoda property, seeing direct traffic grow faster than paid channel traffic. Could you elaborate on that? Is that something you hadn't seen before? Do you think something like that is sustainable? Was there a particular strategy that paid off there that maybe you could replicate in other areas? That would obviously be big for the business model if, you as a whole, could get more direct versus for paid channels. And then one other question, please. Any comment on Booking.com's traction in the U.S. market? I think Booking.com's CEO at an industry conference in September made a comment that you were gaining real traction in the U.S. market. So anything you can elaborate on that would be appreciated. Thank you
Jeffery H. Boyd - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Okay. Thank you, Mark. Agoda's had a long-term goal and objective to try to increase the amount of direct business and you've seen across other of our brands, for example, a push to spend money on brand advertising in addition to PPC and I think that's consistent with that objective that's reflected in Agoda's results. I wouldn't say that there's some macro trend in that regard that you should expect to see reflected in the entire business. And keep in mind that Agoda, being in the Asia-Pacific market, that's a market where mobile is growing particularly fast and the mobile experience in many of those markets is much more driven by your success in getting customers to download apps, and obviously once you've got an app download, you've got direct business. Booking.com is doing well in the United States. They've been in this market for years now. They've built a competitive inventory set. And while in the early days, the business was more characterized by inbound international travel. They are doing a good job building the business from U.S. customers' booking accommodations for purely domestic travel. And I think we've said in the past that based on the best information available to us, we think that Booking.com is gaining share of the market here in the United States for U.S. bookers and domestic travel and we still believe that to be the case.
Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you, Jeff.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Heath Terry of Goldman Sachs. Your question, please.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks. As we look at the leverage on sales and marketing, we obviously got a little bit less of increase in performance advertising as a percentage of gross profit than we saw last quarter. Can you give us a sense of how you view that trade-off between the gross bookings and the room night outperformance you saw this quarter, and if there is a – whether it's a target return on advertising spend or a target margin that you're aiming for or growth rate that you're aiming for there? Or is there a point where you could see that percentage of advertising – or advertising as a percentage of bookings or gross profit starting to settle out?
Jeffery H. Boyd - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Heath, I don't think we have undertaken ever to project where that long-term relationship between performance-based advertising and gross profit dollars will ultimately shake out. We've been forecasting and experiencing modest deleverage on that line as a fairly long-term trend, but I think the performance of the business has shown that we're doing generally a better job than our competition of managing those trade-offs and able to drive share, gaining organic growth in the business on the one hand, and better overall operating margins on the other. So we don't want to put our brands in a position where they have to make some pre-determined ROI decision and not be able to respond with flexibility to market conditions, as Dan mentioned in his prepared remarks.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking my questions. The first one, can you talk about the business mix shift toward paid or more toward direct in the quarter? I know last quarter you mentioned a little bit of a mix shift toward direct, which is a change from what we saw for the couple years when you weren't manning the helm, Jeff. So just curious as to – is the mix shifting toward paid? And if so, why is that? And then secondly, can you just talk a little bit about capital structure and how you think about the potential for larger buybacks over time? Thanks.
Jeffery H. Boyd - The Priceline Group, Inc.: So, I think, we've had a consistent – as I mentioned earlier, Brian, a consistent goal of trying to build our direct business, and I think for Booking.com in particular, which is our largest business, and is very active and effective in advertising in paid channels. The relationship between the share of direct and share of paid is driven by a couple of different things and while one of those is our success in building direct business through brand advertising, through direct business from repeat customers who are loyal to our brands and in mobile channels, to the degree, we can drive app downloads and app usage. But on the other side, the other factors are the relative attractiveness of the paid channels with which we do business, and I think it's our view that if we can drive business in an attractive ROI whether it's through paid search, through meta-search channels, through partnerships which is something that we've worked hard and gotten some good results on, we'll absolutely do that. And the opportunity in the paid market has been attractive. So I don't think we view there has been a sea change in either our goals around this, or an abrupt change in mix shift. I think we mentioned with respect to Agoda that they had a good quarter of driving growth in their direct channels, but I don't think you all should extrapolate that that's representative of some very significant change in how we look at or operate the business.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: And then with respect to capital structure, I think the answer is similar to our answer to what we've done, I think we've established now a pretty good track record of consistently buying back our stock. We have an authorization in place, and I don't see any reason at this point in time that that would change dramatically from what we've done in the past.
Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Douglas Anmuth of JPMorgan. Your question, please.
Douglas T. Anmuth - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great, thanks for taking the question. Jeff, you were talking about KAYAK and some of the enhancements you're doing there around usability and customer. I was hoping you could elaborate there a little bit and talk about some of the new things and how you're driving that business. And then secondly, can you give us any update on the progress for group CEO? Thank you.
Jeffery H. Boyd - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Sure, Doug, so a couple of things that I would mention for KAYAK. First is they have great velocity in just the day-in and day-out front-end testing user experience. They run a lot of experiments, and some of those experiments represent what might look on its face to be a trivial change to the way something is presented or the way a particular call-to-action button is identified. But the sum total of all those experiments and the ones that make their way to deployment on the website drive conversion, drive growth, and can drive improvements to monetization. So those are very, very important, they take up substantial development efforts, and it's a big part of not only what KAYAK does but what all of our brands do. I think some of the more interesting things that KAYAK has been working on are around artificial intelligence, natural language processing with Alexa, Facebook Messenger trying to be able to respond to a customer's spoken query, which is at its early stages now. It's not generating a ton of business, but I do believe it's at the front end of some pretty important changes in the Internet in general and the way people interact with technology. And KAYAK is doing a very good job of being out in the front of that. In terms of the CEO search, there's no particular update to report today other than to say it continues apace with our board committee, who is working on it and I think making progress. And when we have an announcement, you guys will be the first to know.
Douglas T. Anmuth - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Lloyd Walmsley of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. You guys called out distribution partnerships and Booking.com for Business in the prepared remarks for some of the strength in room nights. Is that becoming a meaningful portion of the acceleration? Is there any update you can share on the mix of room nights coming from Booking.com for Business? And then I guess a second one, if I can, you touched on this around KAYAK improving, I guess, iterating and testing on conversion rates. But in core Booking.com, do you guys still see good meaningful conversion gains, particularly in mobile, or do you feel like you've just gotten to the point where there's limiting marginal conversion benefits? What kind of update can you give us there? Thanks.
Jeffery H. Boyd - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Sure, Lloyd. So I think with respect to the partnership business, and I'd make this answer for all of our brands. We definitely are interested in affiliate relationships where the affiliate has a brand-independent content, a reason for customers to go to their site independent of purely hotel booking, and I think those partnerships are bringing growing business to the group. I don't have a particular number to associate with their contribution. But if we can make the right kind of deals, if we can have partnerships that allow us to show our brand to consumers and have them experience the product, we like them. And I think we're in a very strong position to compete for that business in many markets because of the comprehensiveness of our inventory and the quality of our technology and customer experience. With respect to Booking for Business, Booking for Business is off to a good start. It's still a relatively new initiative. I'm not in a position to give you a number as to the specific contribution of the business to our total growth. I can say that business travelers represent a reasonable amount of the business we have on Booking.com and are generally participating in the overall growth of that business. That's distinct from businesses, companies that are actually signing up for and using the Booking for Business tools. That represents a smaller amount of business today but it's growing nicely. And I think we have a very attractive product for business users, and I expect that to do good things in the future. We're quite optimistic about it. I don't think that Booking.com or any of our other brands are at a point of diminishing marginal returns from front-end experimentation and innovation. And when you think about it, because the technology that surrounds us and that we employ in our business and that we interact with our partners is constantly changing, that means that the opportunity and the need for innovation is constantly there. So we could have thought that we were potentially running into diminishing returns in desktop, and then a new technology comes up that allows you to show additional database returns without leaving the page, which just created a massive opportunity for our engineers and product people to code great innovation and things that help the customer while they're in the shopping process. It's one very small example of a change in technology that happened several years ago that was a very significant game-changer in terms of the things that you could do on a desktop website. And there's just more and more of those happening on all the platforms that we interact with. So I don't see there ever being a time when the opportunity and also, quite frankly, the need to innovate on the front end is marginalized because of these changing technologies. I hope that's helpful.
Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Merwin of Barclays. Your line is open.
Christopher David Merwin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right, thank you. So I guess as it relates to alternative accommodation, you posted another quarter of really healthy growth. So I was just wondering if you could update us a bit on the bookings number that you're getting from those properties, and if not, I was hoping maybe you could talk a bit more about your strategy to grow listings count for alternatives. I know historically you've mainly sourced properties from large property managers, I just was curious how much runway you see there and if there's an opportunity perhaps to go after more of the individual owner market, as well? Thanks.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Hey, Chris. It's been a nice driver of our growth for several years now. It has been a big area of growth in our property count, and it's an area where we continue to add properties and we look to for the future as well. We've made initiatives through #BookingHome, where we're trying to make it an easier proposition for a homeowner to participate in the platform. So I think our ability to signup individual homeowners, apartment owners, and let them present their supply on our platform where we can bring great demand to them at a reasonable price, will only grow over time. So it is a big opportunity. I mean, the number of non-hotel accommodations out there is huge compared to the number of properties we have signed currently. And so I think it's going to be a continued area of growth for us in the future.
Christopher David Merwin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Eric Sheridan with UBS. Your line is open.
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe two. One, on the performance advertising, you've referenced a number of new channels over the last couple of conference calls, Facebook, looking at the IB product through Trip. Google has also innovated around booking products at the top of the funnel. Maybe understand a little better how those are as a percentage of the mix of performance today with your relative ROI versus traditional paid search and how you see that evolving over time. That would be helpful. Thanks so much.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: So some of those new channels you talked about, Eric. Facebook, we continue to experiment with them. They're still in the pretty stages of trying to find the best way to work with us to put ads in front of their customers at a time when they're interested in seeing them. So we're doing some retargeting there through dynamic ads. It's still early days. It's still relatively small but it's growing nicely and we're going to continue to work with Facebook and we'd love to spend more money with them at a reasonable ROI. In terms of Trip and Instant Book, no update really from what we've told you on prior calls. We're happy to be participating in that channel. We think it gives us good brand advertising, particularly in the U.S. for Booking.com as we continue to look to grow the brand here. But the overall impact of Instant Book on our growth and our ad efficiency has not been significant. And then Google is continuously experimenting and iterating with different ways of answering travel queries for their customers and we work closely with them. They've been a great partner for us. We'll continue to work with them as they add new channels in the future, new ad placements, and look for ways that it will work for us and for them. To-date, it's mostly been about them trying to give their customer a better experience and give us and other OTAs a more qualified lead. And they've had some success with that. When we get a more qualified lead, it converts better and so we're able to pay more. And so I think that they're going to continue to experiment in the future and with our position as being one of their leading customers, we get good access to them during the experiment stage, typically, so that we can help work with them to make sure that the offering is going to be most successful for them and for us.
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks for the color.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Peter Stabler of Wells Fargo. Your line is open
Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good afternoon. Thank you. Jeff, I was wondering if you could comment a little bit on the mobile migration? You touched on Trip, but outside of Trip, just wondering if you could talk a little bit about mobile usage trends, app usage trends, and whether you're seeing improvements in conversion as customers become more accustomed doing rather complex transactions on mobile devices? Thanks so much.
Jeffery H. Boyd - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Sure, Peter. I think the numbers that we've been reporting for the last couple of quarters are showing that the group is doing well, our brands are doing well in participating in the migration of the business to mobile. And I think in some markets, particularly in the developing markets, it's not per se a migration, it's more that the business is developing initially as a mobile business because for many users in those markets the mobile devices their primarily or their only access to the Internet. And so, for example, you mentioned app usage, in some markets, and particularly in Asia-Pacific, access through downloading of apps is a much more important factor than it is in other more developed markets where apps can tend to represent a relatively smaller percentage of overall business. I think that our brands have done a good job building world-class mobile user experiences. I think that we've found ways to experiment on those platforms and in those operating systems which have allowed us to continue to improve the user experience. I think we've been able to take the expertise that we've had in performance marketing in non-mobile channels and, over time, build up that same kind of expertise in mobile channels so that we're able to gain share of business coming in paid channels, and our scale is obviously a big help in that regard because we have the most comprehensive inventory and great conversion so that allows us to compete aggressively for placement in mobile advertising venues. So, the mobile business continues to grow and to grow as a share of the total business. I think, over time, it becomes a more mainstream channel than perhaps it was in the early days of mobile where it was a venue for discounting, and for a special way of looking at the business now. In many regards, it really is a mobile-first world and the product view that you have really starts off with a mobile view. I think our brands are doing a good job in that regard and I think you all should realize that that's absolutely a first priority for us in terms of how we look at the world from both a development perspective and from a marketing perspective.
Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you, Jeff.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Kopelman of Cowen & Co. Your line is open.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks. Could you give us an update on the Booking Genius program? What's the uptake been like on that, and to what extent are the discounts on that program being funded by the hotel partners versus Booking.com? Thanks.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: So, the uptake on that Kevin has been strong. It's a great offering for Booking.com loyal users, special discounts that aren't widely available to people that haven't qualified for the Genius program. And the discounts are made available by hotels that want to get access to those high-frequency travelers and Booking.com's most loyal users, and get the opportunity to market to those travelers and get them to become loyal customers for their hotels as well. So it's a share between the hotel and booking in terms of the cost of the discount. The lower rate would result in a lower absolute commission for us when you apply our commission rate to the discounted price.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Got it. Thanks a lot.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Naved Khan with Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Hi. Thanks. Just a couple. So, Google introduced a fourth link to mobile search results in the third quarter and they also made some tweaks to the algo for organic. Can you talk about any kind of impact you might have seen on the business as a result of that? And then I have a follow-up.
Jeffery H. Boyd - The Priceline Group, Inc.: With respect to the organic, again, I think you can see in our results that we've had a good quarter and so I think it's safe to assume from that that whatever changes they made in organic have not had a substantial effect on the momentum for our growth. I'm sorry but I didn't catch the first one.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: The fourth paid link.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: The fourth link, yes.
Jeffery H. Boyd - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Sorry. The fourth paid link. Excuse me. So typically because we are more active in the pay channels, the existence of an additional link I would generally view as a positive for us rather than a negative.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Okay. Thanks. And then quickly on some of the international markets, can you just comment on destinations like Paris or Brussels, if you saw an improvement in these markets and how China outbound might be performing for you?
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Yes, so some of those markets, Naved, France has bounced back but continues to be impacted since the terrorist attacks last year. We'll be lapping that now in November and so that will create an easier comp for us in terms of ADRs and growth going forward. Turkey's also negatively impacted but bouncing back a little bit. China outbound is still growing nicely but has slowed a little bit over the last couple of quarters. So I think that's more tied to macroeconomic conditions there than anything with our business.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tom White of Macquarie. Your line is open.
Tom White - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great, thanks for taking my question. Dan, when you were talking about gross profit as a percent of gross bookings, I think you characterized take rates in the hotel business as stable. But could you just maybe give a bit of color on the other drivers of the change there? And I thought that you said something about booking windows being longer. I feel like that in the face with some of the steps that we see around mobile and what mobile is doing to booking windows. So if I heard you correctly there, maybe just if you could clarify. Thanks.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Sure, Tom. So I said it was about 41 bps of pressure we saw in the quarter. About half of that was due to the normal lag between the time when a booking occurs and travel occurs. We had accelerating growth in the quarter, so that would typically put more pressure on that metric. And then we have seen pretty steady expansion in our booking window, so there's been somewhat of a barbelling. You're right that close-in bookings have been very strong, and that's been driven to a large degree by mobile. But we've also seen an expansion in booking window, so people also are comfortable making their bookings farther in advance than they have in the past. That could be just a function of people continuing to get comfortable with our model, particularly the agency model for Booking.com and the flexibility that gives them in terms of making the booking, having their vacation secure, and then if they need to change their plans they're able to do that. The other drivers that put some pressure on the take rate in the quarter, I referenced the level of participation by hotels in preferred placement and commission overrides. That's a function of experiments that we run from time to time to work with sort order and see if we remove hotels from preferred placement that maybe aren't converting as well. Is that going to be a net positive experiment for us? It's not necessarily going to be a trend long term. And then commission overrides, the expensive hotels participate in that is generally driven by the lower levels of occupancy and their desire to push up their commission rates in order to drive more demand. I also mentioned business mix, so just the mix of properties and regions that are propelling our business, and we saw that to an extent was with lower commission regions and properties and put some pressure on the metric as well.
Tom White - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC: Thanks, guys, maybe two quick ones. TV seemed particularly crowded this quarter with Olympics, with Presidential races. Any puts and takes there in terms of the effectiveness of that channel for you? And then continuing decline in airline ticket bookings, any specific drivers around that?
Jeffery H. Boyd - The Priceline Group, Inc.: So with respect to television being crowded and it certainly has been with election season advertising, but by the time you get to this time of year, it's because you're passing peak travel season. We're not really in the peak season for running television advertising in the United States anyway. And our brand advertising, and I think you can see it in the numbers, has not grown the way you may have seen it grow last year in particular and maybe the earlier part of this year. So the spending has come down a little bit, and in part that's probably because of some of that crowding. With respect to the decline in airline tickets, I think that's a priceline.com metric, and it's driven over the long term by a general deterioration in the economics that are available to an online travel agent for selling an airline ticket, which means it gets less marketing support in general. And in the short term, as part of the efforts by Priceline to reorient the business here for better, sustainable long-term positioning, there's been a further diminishing of investment in performance-based marketing, in particular for airline tickets. So I think those are probably the two principal drivers of that trend.
Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC: Got it. Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Sena of Evercore. Your line is open.
Kenneth Sena - Evercore Group LLC: Thank you. Just in terms of building out some of your platform capabilities, any additional updates on your enterprise efforts with BookingSuite, signs of traction there, and maybe your verified review efforts or other? And then maybe second, just any pockets of ROI improvement that stood out by variable channel, meta, social, or other, maybe outside of search? Thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: So BookingSuite, Ken, is still in the pretty early stages. We're excited about the opportunity. We've got a great team working on it day-in and day-out, but it's still in investment stage, still in the early stage, so not a lot to say there. And we're not going to comment on ROIs by any channel, so nothing I would call out for you there. Certainly, the actual results that we reported in Q3 and the guidance we're giving for Q4 point to more pressure than pockets of strength.
Kenneth Sena - Evercore Group LLC: Thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan - The Priceline Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
Mike J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Good afternoon. With some changes in thinking around OpenTable and what kind of emphasis to put on future investments there, does that change your interest or willingness to look at other peripheral booking products and how challenging it may be to have success in non-core categories? And I guess if you are looking at other peripheral booking categories, can you share any details on what kinds of categories you consider? Thanks.
Jeffery H. Boyd - The Priceline Group, Inc.: So on the second question, we typically wouldn't comment on what we were looking for from a strategic perspective. I think we continue to believe that the relationship that our brands are building with their traveling customers can provide an opportunity for us to offer value to them while they're in destination. And you may have seen a release about Booking.com experiences in a few cities where they're testing a program to provide access to attractions, and so forth, to their customers. And from our perspective, that provides a real opportunity to build a deeper relationship with the customer if they're interacting with your product while they're traveling, while they're in destination. And because we have that connection and the data around their travel; where they're going, when they're going, et cetera, in many cases the customer's traveling with one of our apps on their mobile device. We continue to be very, very interested in that opportunity. I think specifically with respect to Open Table, we also remain convinced that that logic applies to dining and that travelers are all dining when they're on their trip, and that we've got an opportunity to provide content reservation making ability to those travelers. But we have an appreciation of the challenges inherent in doing that, and I think that those learnings will definitely inform us with respect to future acquisitions, but I don't think they're necessarily going to discourage us from considering them, or ultimately doing them. But we do have a better appreciation of the challenges of making those connections with our existing brands.
Mike J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to management for any closing remarks. Gentlemen?
Jeffery H. Boyd - The Priceline Group, Inc.: Thank you all for participating in the call.
Operator: That does conclude your program. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-05 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Christopher David Merwin - Barclays Capital, Inc. Tom White - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC Perry Gold - MoffettNathanson LLC Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co. LLC Justin T. Patterson - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities
Operator: Welcome to The Priceline Group's Second Quarter 2016 Conference Call. The Priceline Group would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause the Group's actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of the Group's earnings press release as well as the Group's most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, The Priceline Group undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of the Group's earnings press release together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement is available in the For Investors section of The Priceline Group's website, www.pricelinegroup.com. And now, I'd like to introduce The Priceline Group's speakers for this afternoon, Jeffery Boyd; and Daniel Finnegan. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much and welcome to The Priceline Group's second quarter conference call. I'm joined this afternoon by our Priceline Group's CFO, Dan Finnegan. I am pleased to report that the Group produced another solid quarter despite an often challenging market backdrop. Execution was consistent across the brands as we achieved several important milestones as a group. The Group reported consolidated gross bookings for the second quarter of approximately $17.9 billion, up about 21% on a constant currency basis, or about 19% year-over-year in U.S. dollars. Gross profit was up 16%, or about 18% on a constant currency basis, and adjusted EBITDA increased 8% to $867 million. Earnings per share were $11.60, up 17% versus the prior year. And finally, non-GAAP earnings per share were $13.93, up 12% versus the prior year, surpassing our guidance for the quarter. Our customers booked accommodation reservations for 141 million room nights in the quarter, up 24% year-over-year. We are pleased with our reservation growth considering the competitive nature of our markets as well as macro volatility in many travel markets experienced throughout the quarter. We believe the consistent growth we are reporting demonstrates the strength of our brands, the value of a diversified global footprint and solid execution by our brand management teams. Booking.com recorded another impressive quarter, and we are excited to announce that we now have over 1 million properties on the Booking.com platform, which represents an increase of 30% over last year. The Booking team has nearly doubled the number of properties on its platform in just two years, a truly remarkable accomplishment that reflects the hard work and dedication that the Booking team employs on behalf of its customers and supply partners. The Booking.com platform includes approximately 493,000 instantly-bookable vacation rental properties, which grew 39% year-over-year. Our properties represent a combined total of approximately 23.7 million potentially bookable rooms. Of this total, 16.3 million are within our traditional hotel partners and 7.3 million are bookable rooms in homes, apartments, villas and other categories of unique places to stay. We believe that Booking.com has one of the largest platforms for vacation rental and alternative accommodation properties and offers the most customer-friendly booking experience in the market. Booking.com also reached another milestone in the quarter as it surpassed over 1 million reservations booked in a single day on its website, an impressive measure that demonstrates the meaningful scale of our business. Agoda produced another solid quarter on both the top and bottom-lines as it continues to grow its global accommodation platform. The Asia-based Agoda team has built a world-class merchant supply platform capable of amassing and serving a wide variety of private discount deals that has proven to be a great asset for the Group. We are especially pleased to see group members leveraging the supply platform and availability for our customers. Consistent with the first quarter, KAYAK exceeded our expectations, posting strong growth in queries, revenue and profit. KAYAK continued its pace of innovation with the launch of several new products and enhancements centered on new verticals, planning and travel tools, and conversational travel services such as KAYAK's Facebook Messenger service, an exciting new way to search and book travel experiences. Rental car days for the Group grew 8% in the quarter, driven primarily by Rentalcars.com. Rentalcars.com delivered a strong quarter and witnessed robust demand for its services across all of its major geographical regions. Rentalcars.com continues to make investments in expanding its global supply base as well as enhancements to its customer service organization. priceline.com made good progress on its efforts to reposition the business, including strengthening the management team, building more sustainable marketing programs and designing improved product offerings and customer service, all in an effort to position the business for a strong start in 2017. OpenTable delivered good bottom-line performance in the quarter driven by a healthy balance of top-line growth and cost efficiencies. OpenTable is working on attractive growth opportunities, increasing the size and scope of its restaurant footprint in North America, using innovation to drive greater diner frequency and pursuing growth in international markets. I am particularly excited about the pace with which our brand teams have built the business on mobile platforms. It is clear that progress in building share in the mobile channel is a critical component of delivering overall growth in the business. Product excellence, distribution and mobile marketing and monetization are all key components. You can see why this remains a top priority for all our brands. In summary, the Group executed another solid quarter. Focus by our brand leadership on controlling spending contributed to better-than-expected margins, underlining that a core strength of our business is control of operating expenses which allows us to deliver attractive returns to our shareholders while investing in future growth. We have now turned our attention to the third quarter and our busy summer travel season. We feel good about our outlook for the third quarter, albeit in a global travel market that is certain to remain volatile due to economic uncertainty and the scourge of terrorism. All of our employees are intently focused on delivering an exceptional customer experience during this busy season. As always, I would like to thank our employees around the world for their hard work and dedication. I will now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: Thanks, Jeff. I'll discuss operating results and cash flows for the quarter, and then provide guidance for the third quarter of 2016. All growth rates referenced in my comments are compared to the prior year comparable period unless otherwise indicated. Q2 was a solid quarter for The Priceline Group with room night growth of 24% compared to 31% in Q1. Our growth did not decelerate to the extent assumed in our forecast, resulting in room night and gross bookings performance that exceeded the top-end of our guidance range. This momentum has carried over into Q3, as I will discuss in a moment when we get to guidance. We are pleased with the performance broadly across our key geographic regions. While recent terrorist attacks impacted gross bookings and cancellations in the markets affected, they did not have a significant discernible impact on our overall growth. Also, the Brexit vote caused a sizable devaluation in the British pound and creates uncertainty for the U.K.'s economic outlook, but our exposure for the 12 months ended June 30, 2016 to U.K. destination gross profit and U.K. source market gross bookings was 10% or less as a share of our business. Rental car days grew by 8% in Q2 compared to 11% in Q1. Average daily rates for accommodations, or ADRs, were down by less than 1% for Q2 versus prior year on a constant currency basis for the consolidated group which was consistent with our forecast. Foreign exchange rate impacts were slightly unfavorable to our results expressed in U.S. dollars as compared to prior year and our forecast. Our Q2 gross bookings grew by 19% expressed in U.S. dollars and grew by about 21% on a constant currency basis compared to the prior year. The difference between constant currency gross bookings growth and room night growth is due to a decline in airline ticket gross bookings, lower accommodation ADRs and relatively slower growth for rental car gross bookings. Gross profit for the quarter for Priceline Group was $2.4 billion and grew by 16% in U.S. dollars and by about 18% on a constant currency basis compared to the prior year. As I mentioned when we last reported in May, we estimate that earlier Easter timing shifted about $40 million of gross profit and adjusted EBITDA into Q1 that would have been recognized in Q2 if Easter fell in Q2 as it did last year. The timing shift negatively impacts our Q2 gross profit, operating profit, adjusted EBITDA, net income and operating margins compared to the prior year. Gross profit grew at a slower pace than gross bookings in Q2, primarily due to the impact of Easter timing and bookings recorded in Q2 that will benefit gross profit and subsequent quarters when travel occurs rather than due to any significant change in commission rates or gross margin relative to the gross bookings generated through our websites. Our international operations generated a gross profit of $2.1 billion, which grew by 17% in U.S. dollars and by about 19% on a constant currency basis compared to prior year. Gross profit for our U.S. operations amounted to $327 million, which represented 8% growth versus prior year. Advertising and other revenue, which is mainly comprised of non-intercompany revenues for KAYAK and OpenTable, grew by 22% in Q2 compared to the prior year. Operating income grew by 8%. Non-GAAP operating income grew by 6%, and non-GAAP operating margins exceeded our guidance but decreased by 315 bps compared to Q2 last year. Operating margins for Q2 2016 compared to prior year Q2 were pressured by the Easter timing I referred to earlier, performance advertising, and phasing of brand advertising shifting into Q2 from Q1. Performance advertising leverage was impacted by growth in paid marketing channels and growth in gross bookings that will partly benefit gross profit in subsequent quarters when travel takes place. Performance advertising ROIs were stable for the quarter but were under year-over-year pressure towards the end of the quarter and thus far in Q3, as we have lapped the comp last year when ROIs started to improve. Operating margin performance was better than our forecast due to better-than-forecasted ROIs for performance marketing, trimming of brand advertising by our brand teams, and less non-ad OpEx spending than assumed, partly due to phasing shifting to Q3. Adjusted EBITDA for Q2 amounted to $867 million, which exceeded the top end of our guidance range of $795 million and grew by 8% versus prior year. Net income increased by 12%, and fully diluted EPS grew by 17%. Non-GAAP net income increased by 8% and non-GAAP EPS grew by 12%, including increased interest expense from our recent bond offerings and the beneficial impact of lower share count from stock repurchases. Net income also benefited from a lower effective tax rate in Q2 2016 due to the impact on deferred tax balances of a change in state tax law. GAAP net income in Q2 includes a non-cash charge in the amount of $12.9 million related to an other than temporary impairment in the value of cost method investments, mainly related to the write-off of our remaining investment in Hotel Urbano, based on the performance and funding needs of the business, which has been impacted by the deteriorating economic and political situation in Brazil. We excluded the impairment charge from adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP EPS, because it is not driven by our core operating results and renders comparisons with prior periods less meaningful. In terms of cash flow, we generated $1 billion of cash from operations during second quarter 2016, which is about 38% above last year. We repurchased 236,000 shares of our common stock for $299 million during the quarter, and we have purchased an additional $69 million of our common stock after quarter close in July. CapEx for the quarter amounted to $60 million. Our cash and investments amounted to $12.3 billion at June 30, 2016, with about $1.6 billion of that balance in the U.S. Now for Q3 guidance. Q3 is off to a solid start, with gross bookings continuing to grow nicely across our key geographic regions. Our guidance assumes that our growth rates will decelerate as we progress through the quarter, mainly due to the size of our business and consistent with long-term trends. Our Q3 forecast is based upon recent foreign exchange rates and assumes that our growth rates in U.S. dollars will be slightly dampened by foreign exchange rate fluctuations. I highlight that the basket of foreign currencies in which we transact weakened on a weighted average basis by about 2% versus the U.S. dollar since we reported our earnings last quarter and most analysts last updated their forecasts. For Q3 guidance, we are forecasting booked room nights to grow by 18% to 23% and total gross bookings to grow by 14% to 19% in U.S. dollars, and by 15% to 20% on a constant currency basis. Our Q3 forecast assumes that constant currency accommodation ADRs for the consolidated Group will be down by less than 1% compared to the prior year period. We expect Q3 revenue to grow year-over-year by approximately 12% to 17%. We expect gross profit to grow by 15% to 20% in U.S. dollars and by 16% to 21% on a constant currency basis. We expect about 260 bps of deleverage in non-GAAP operating margins compared to prior year, expressed as non-GAAP operating income as a percentage of gross profit, principally related to our assumptions for performance advertising. As I mentioned a moment ago, we have seen pressure on ROIs thus far in Q3 as we compare to periods with improved ROI performance last year. Our forecast assumes further ROI deterioration over the balance of the quarter to provide us with flexibility in a dynamic market to follow our consistent approach of generating gross bookings at reasonable ROIs. Our adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $1.73 billion and $1.83 billion, which at the midpoint is up 11% versus prior year. We forecast GAAP EPS between $26.10 and $27.60 per share for Q3. The difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP results is driven by non-GAAP adjustments that are detailed in our earnings release. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax rate of approximately 16%, comprised of international income taxes and alternative minimum tax and state income taxes in the U.S. We are targeting non-GAAP fully diluted EPS of approximately $28.30 to $29.80 per share, which at the midpoint is up about 15% versus prior year. Our non-GAAP EPS guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of 50.3 million shares based upon yesterday's closing stock price and reflects the beneficial impact of the common stock repurchases we have made to date. Consistent with past practice, we have hedge contracts in place to substantially shield our third quarter EBITDA and net earnings from any further fluctuation in the euro, British pound and various other currencies versus the dollar between now and the end of the quarter. Our forecast does not assume any significant change in macroeconomic conditions in general or in the travel market in particular. I would now like to outline some changes we will make in reporting non-GAAP financial metrics, which will be effective for guidance, and reporting for the fourth quarter and going forward. First, our earnings releases and commentary in our earnings calls with respect to historical results will focus primarily on GAAP results. Second, we will continue to present adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP net income, but will no longer deduct stock-based compensation, which for us has ranged between 2% and 3% of gross profit for the last few years. We will also discontinue adjusting for the impact of net operating loss carryforwards, as that benefit now represents a smaller contribution to non-GAAP net income and will eventually sunset. We estimate that our non-GAAP tax rate for 2016 after we change to our new approach will be approximately 17%. Apart from the items above, our non-GAAP reporting will be generally consistent with prior practice, and we will provide information to assist investors in comparing our results from the fourth quarter on with prior periods on a consistent basis. We will now take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Can I ask you to talk about two growth areas? One, the China outbound market – just an update there and then on the alternative accommodations market, you gave some numbers there for total number of room nights. Could you just talk about traction? And what you're doing in terms of trying to include that in the purchase path? To what extent you're trying to do that and just a general update on end market. Thanks a lot.
Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Mark. The China outbound market continues to be a market that is large and growing and that we all view has great potential because of the demographic factors that are well known affecting China. We have a number of different ways to participate in it. We participate in it through our partnership with Ctrip where our international hotels are shown to their customers, and Booking.com and Agoda also participate directly in selling outbound to international travelers coming from China. I know there's been a lot written about a slowdown in overall economic growth in China, but we still view it as a very, very attractive market that will have substantial macro tailwinds helping build both the middle class and travel demand, and we want to participate in it. With respect to alternative accommodations, as you can see by the numbers that we disclosed and sort of the ongoing property counts on Booking.com in particular, we have built a very large inventory of dynamically-bookable non-hotel accommodations, and we view it as a growth opportunity for our brands and for Booking.com in particular. And most importantly, our customers have gotten used to having a world-class content and a great experience both in booking and at stay, and that's something that we're determined to deliver. With respect to alternative accommodations, we also have, I think, one of the best distribution networks; in other words, one of the best ways to market those properties of any player in the space and look forward to doing that. In terms of how those are presented on the website, that's something that's determined by technology and the experience we have with users on the website. There's always an opportunity to select those properties for customers who want to use the various filters that are available. So there's a lot of different ways to get to them. But the most fundamental element of it is that we are trying to show the particular customer what they're most likely looking for and that drives the presentation.
Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you, Jeff.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Post of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. I would like to focus on the performance advertising. One of your competitors, Expedia, mentioned maybe a competitor benefited from some of their challenges. Has that helped at all in your third quarter outlook? And then on a bigger picture basis, guiding to margin deleverage picking up there, what's causing that and how do you think about margins longer-term for the Group? Thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: Hey, Justin. So for performance advertising, we specifically called out in Q2 that one of the drivers of the pressure – in fact, the principal driver as it relates to performance advertising – was growth in those channels outpacing growth overall in the business. So we did have some success there. For Q3, that is part of the assumption again, but we are also seeing some pressure on ROI trends relative to prior year. And we think that's principally due to the fact that we're now lapping the period where ROIs started to improve year-over-year a year ago. And – I'm sorry. What was your second question?
Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just longer-term, it looks like you are going to have some marketing pressure maybe over the next year. How do think about long-term margins? Can you keep them stable or how are you thinking about that?
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: So similar to what we've said in the past in that regard, we feel if you break it into three pieces, brand advertising, although we've had deleverage pressure from that from time to time, for the long run, we feel that we will be able to deliver operating leverage there. Similar story for non-advertising OpEx where the business has typically grown more quickly than those expenses have, and we feel good about being able to control that for the future. So that leaves the performance advertising, which is by far the biggest expense bucket. We've had several years now of pressure on that metric. Our Q2 results show some pressure and our guidance for Q3 expects there will again be pressure. So beyond that, we don't have a forecast for you. You can make your own prediction as to how that will play out, but that's been the track record to date.
Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak of Morgan Stanley.
Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks a lot. I have got two. Just to go back to the performance marketing and the incremental pressure you are seeing, can you just help us out a little bit? Are you seeing deteriorating ROIs on a like-for-like basis or is this more geographic mix or channel mix? Just kind of talk a little bit about the drivers of the extra pressure you are seeing? And then secondly, on cancellations, I think last quarter, Dan, you talked about cancellations picking up a bit. I don't think I heard any mention at all this quarter. Just talk about cancellation trends you are seeing. Thanks.
Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, Brian, I'll take the first one and Dan can take the question on cancellations. With respect to getting into more detail on performance marketing, we typically have tried to shy away from that because very often the color that we could give you would essentially be – tip our hand in terms of what we are doing in the market. We're such a large player in the marketplace that a lot of times, the trends are in part driven by what we're doing. So I don't want to get into a lot of detail on that. I think as Dan said, we have seen pressure on that over the last several years, and I think it's fair to say that some of that is competitive pressure with scale players like Expedia being able to be more aggressive in the market as their operational execution has improved. And essentially, our goal is to continue to build market share of the business at reasonable ROIs, and our outlook has not changed on that in any fundamental way over the last several years.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: And in terms of cancellation trends, Brian, no big change from last quarter. So the longer-term trend has been that our cancellation rates have increased. There was a little bit more volatility in it last quarter, and so we called that out, but the cancellation increases that we've seen are built into our gross bookings and room nights booked, which were all net of cancellations. So we feel like the growth even net of that increase in cancels is pretty solid.
Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks.
Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Douglas Anmuth of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. This is (27:36) for Doug. Thank you for taking my question. My question is on the brand spend. I think you made a comment about trimming brand spend in 2Q. Is this (27:47) pushed back over a change in strategy? And then for the brand spend going forward, are you guys planning on doing any more brand spending in the U.S.? And as a follow-up, can you talk about the growth in U.S. versus Europe, given the macro and security uncertainty in Europe?
Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So I'll answer the first question on brand spend, and Dan can talk about the macro impact on the U.S. versus Europe. We said in the prior – in our prior call that we expected to have a seasonally higher brand spend than we typically would have in the second quarter as spend in Q1 was essentially shifted into Q2. We did experience a higher brand spend than we typically would, but just not to the degree that we forecast. The spending in the United States in general will continue. I think you will continue to see brand advertising by Priceline.com and by Booking.com in particular in the United States. So our outlook on making that investment over the long-term hasn't changed, but the absolute amount of that investment in the second quarter was a little bit less than we had forecast.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: And in terms of performance by region between the U.S. and Europe, and Europe is our biggest market by far. It's our most mature, so it's growing more slowly than our consolidated growth rate typically. We're pleased with the growth performance for Europe in Q2 and year-to-date. There were impacts in France and Belgium from terrorist attacks, but overall the region is still growing well. U.S. is one of our newer markets, and it's typically growing faster than our consolidated growth rate. And Booking.com in particular continues to build its business in the U.S., and so we're pleased with our overall growth rate in the U.S.
Unknown Speaker: Thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lloyd Walmsley of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. I had a couple questions on the vacation rental, the non-hotel business. The last few years, you have given us a room night number or a booking number in that channel over the last 12 months. Wondering if you can give us an update there. And then, as a follow-up, just curious, as you get more regulatory pressure on that type of inventory, I am curious what your approach is to listing in markets where they have made certain types of it illegal. Are you still taking a really conservative approach? And then, have you seen any – I guess any tick-up in your core hotel business in markets where they have gotten more restrictive on regulation of alternative accommodations? Curious what you are seeing there. Thanks.
Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: With respect to the first question on quantifying the number of room nights in the non-hotel business, that's not something that we have done in the last couple of quarters, and we're not doing it this quarter. We've given the room counts, but we haven't given that level of detail. With respect to regulatory pressure, the Group is not taking the position that we would operate this business in markets and with properties where it's contrary to the law. We're a law-abiding company and we're not trying to disrupt the legal system. So I guess, if you would characterize that as being a relatively more conservative approach to it, that is our approach. And what was the third question?
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: Pickup in hotels.
Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Oh...
Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: In terms of impact to the core hotel. Some markets that have gotten perhaps more restrictive on alternative, are you seeing a benefit in your core hotel business?
Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No. I don't think that the size of the non-hotel accommodation business that's being done away from us is big enough where that level of disruption would be visible to us in the positive sense.
Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Chris Merwin of Barclays. Your line is open.
Christopher David Merwin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. So, I guess last quarter, Expedia talked a bit about spending more dollars on Facebook and I think in your 10-Q, you listed Facebook as a brand advertising partner. So just curious if you have any plans to increase spend in that channel going forward? I know obviously, it is not quite a performance-based channel like Google, but if you can still track ROI in a platform, does that make it easier to scale up spend there? Thanks.
Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think we would like to spend more money on Facebook going forward. We have a good relationship with them, and we've found that a number of things that we've done on Facebook works well, particularly retargeting, which really is more of a performance-based analysis the way we look at it. So, I would look for us to be doing more. As you could see by Facebook's announcement, the scale of their advertising business is growing, and while it traditionally has been more of a brand advertising platform, we like to work closely with Facebook to find ways to make more performance-oriented placements work for us. And that's something that we continue to be interested in doing.
Christopher David Merwin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tom White of Macquarie. Your line is open.
Tom White - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Just one on the corporate travel opportunity. You guys have been quietly innovating there recently. And I think a few quarters ago, you said one in five bookings was corporate or business travel. How do you guys think maybe that mix looks like in three years to five years? I mean, can you guys kind of ever get to 50-50, you think, with the product offering you have now? And then just a quick follow-up, in terms of the marketing efficiency of some of your newer customer cohorts, specifically for some of your newer geographies, just curious where you think you are or where they are trending relative to your more mature markets in areas like return on investment or repeat purchase behavior, direct traffic, those types of metrics? Thanks.
Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Tom. On the corporate travel opportunity, we always suspected that we had a substantial number of business users that were using our product, but we didn't until more recently have data on it, which is where that one in five number comes from. And that intuition gave us reason to look at the market more aggressively and try to build some functionality that would be targeted directly at corporate travelers. And so that one in five number represents the self-reported usage of our customers, and what the opportunity is, is to build a business of business travelers using the tools that we provide for them and to try to get that share to go up. I wouldn't hazard a guess as to whether it would ultimately be 50-50. In the United States, the average hotel has 30% business traveler, 30% leisure traveler and 30% large groups for big hotels, so that gives you sort of a breakdown at least in the U.S. market as to what the market kind of looks like. But we think there's a great opportunity to build awareness among business travelers that Booking.com in particular is a great place to go and for business owners to use the tools that we're building which we think will help us build share there. With respect to marketing efficiencies in newer markets, it's traditionally been the pattern that we have been willing to invest in marketing in new markets in order to build share and to build awareness of our brands until we got to a point where we'd achieved enough scale where the more normal ROI patterns would obtain. I don't have anything particular to report to you on that front. There may still be some markets where we're not long-tenured and are doing some investing, and that would be very, very consistent with how we've run the business over the long-term.
Tom White - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brian Fitzgerald of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Jeff, you talked a bit about performance advertising on Facebook and maybe just wondering, are you currently using dynamic product ads for travel there on Facebook and Instagram? Any dynamic to call out with those formats specifically? And then you also mentioned KAYAK's Facebook Messenger service in your prepared remarks. What's been there the traction initially on that product? Thanks.
Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, I'll answer the second one first, which is the KAYAK product on Facebook is fairly new as are most of the technology that's interacting with either with robotic texting or natural language processing with a voice like an Alexa. So that stuff is all in the very early stage and I think it's terrific for our teams to be innovating on those platforms because it puts us in a position to participate and benefit if those platforms ultimately grow to be meaningful sources of demand for e-commerce like ours. With respect to the particular advertising products that are available on Facebook, our teams look at everything. I don't have any particular comment on dynamic product ads or others. Dan, I don't know if you have any comment to make on that.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: No. No, we're working closely with the Facebook team. Our teams are very innovative and they're looking hard to spend as much in those channels as they can at a reasonable ROI.
Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ed Sheridan (sic) [Eric Sheridan] (39:37) of UBS. Your line is open.
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the question. Maybe just two. One that we get a lot from investors, Jeff, I'd love to get your take is how the competitive environment might be changing as a result of some of the hotel groups pivoting more towards trying to drive direct booking awareness either through couponing or discounting or loyalty reward programs, how you think that's impacting the competitive environment? And the second one on BookingSuite. Wanted to know if we can get an update there on how the product set continues to evolve, what that might be doing more broadly for the platform, especially with respect to driving loyalty around inventory? Thanks, guys.
Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thank you, Ed (sic) [Eric] (40:22). So with respect to the competitive environment and the hotel direct book, the hotels have consistently been working hard over the years to maximize the traffic that goes to their own direct websites, and they've done it over the years through driving single image pricing, through a very substantial investment in their own web experience, and we look at the availability of different prices for their members on the website as an evolution of that effort. Our approach is to try to make sure that our customers have the best prices that are published and available, and I think we're doing a pretty good job of accomplishing that. And I think that given the scale of our business, we're in a position where it's a reasonable ask that the largest player in the space be able to show competitive prices to its customers. My belief is that those efforts will continue, and we'll continue to press to make sure that we've got competitive pricing. And I will say that if over the long-term the efforts by the chains or others is essentially starting to drive consumers to expect to book only discounted prices rather than published retail prices that the ultimate impact of that on hotel ADRs is probably not going to be great for the chains. And companies like ours and other large competitors are in the space are very well-positioned to advertise substantial discounts as well. And so my comment there is at some point, it actually might not be a great idea to push the market and push consumers into expecting to book only at discounted prices. On BookingSuite, the product continues to evolve. I think the team is excited about revenue management tools that are now being made available to customers, and I think the customer interest and uptake on that has been good. Ultimately having our engine drive direct bookings for small and medium-sized hotels we still believe is a good thing – a good thing for the hotel because it allows them to participate in a channel that they were not participating in and help build their brand via a direct website that we can build for them and certainly provide the booking engine for. And ultimately, it does help us because it provides us with excellent inventory and builds our relationship with the hotel which is over time very important to us as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Perry Gold of MoffettNathanson. Your line is open.
Perry Gold - MoffettNathanson LLC: (43:47) question. At what point in the lodging cycle do you believe hotels are generally forced to lean in more aggressively to drive demand through your brands? Is it when RevPAR first goes negative, slightly before or some time afterwards? Thanks so much.
Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We actually think it's good for the hotels to lean into our products in any market because ultimately if they use our channel to drive strong demand for their property, it puts them in a position to maintain or increase their ADRs even if the market is relatively strong. So, our look at it would be that hotels should participate aggressively at all times in order to maximize their RevPAR. There's no question that if ADRs start to drop, and in particular occupancy starts to drop, then hotels may have more of an incentive to participate in programs that could enhance the demand that they get from us, but we think it's a good idea regardless of market cycle.
Perry Gold - MoffettNathanson LLC: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Kopelman of Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks a lot. So you mentioned hitting about 24 million bookable rooms. Can you give us any color on how you are thinking about runway for properties and rooms and what kind of addressable market you have there? Thanks.
Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: We still think there is a substantial opportunity to increase the number of properties on our websites, and on the Booking.com platform in particular, and as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, a fairly substantial growth in the size of the platform over the last couple of years, I think, is evidence of that. You can tell from the math, and we've said on prior occasions a number of times that the typical average size of the property that we're bringing on to the platform now is smaller because we're dealing with non-hotel accommodations to a large degree, and those tend to be much smaller than the larger hotels, most of which we've already addressed although there still is opportunity in the hotel space as well. So in some, substantial opportunity to continue to increase the size of the platform, although diminishing return in terms of the number of rooms available per property.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks, Jeff.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Patterson of Raymond James.
Justin T. Patterson - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much. Going back to vacation rentals, we have seen one of your competitors put up some pretty solid results; you are still having solid results. Can you talk about just the advantage that you have from having the – not charging the consumer a fee here with bookings? How long do you think charging the consumer is actually sustainable in this market? Thanks.
Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think we like our model compared to the other models out there. We have a scale customer base that's used to doing business with us on these terms, and I think we're doing a good job of building the relationships and the business processes and the automation to enable us to deliver the experience to the user when they're booking a non-hotel accommodation or a property that's not being managed by a professional owner. So we like that business model. We like that hand of cards that we've been dealt. I think that HomeAway's customer bases and their owners are chafing a little bit at a substantial increase in fees, and ultimately, in a competitive marketplace for these types of properties, consumers have been shopping around for hotels for 15 years, 17 years now. And it's probably the case that over time, they'll shop around for vacation rentals, and ultimately it'll be about finding the best value. And I'm hopeful that we'll be able to provide the best value.
Justin T. Patterson - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Peter Stabler of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. I got a quick follow-up to Eric's question on the hotel and direct initiatives. Is it safe to assume that, to the extent that hotels are offering significantly discounted prices on their direct channels, that they will suffer a negative impact in terms of their ranking position on Booking.com? Thanks very much.
Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I'm not going to get into a conversation about, if they do this, will you do that? That's between us and the hotels, and judging by the questions, I just want to underscore that we have great long-term relationships with the hotel chains. We've been in business with them since I started in the business in 2000, and I would expect those relationships to continue to be strong, and we provide a lot of business for the hotel chains, and we provide business in languages and in destinations that it's hard for them to access directly, but we have a unique benefit that we provide, and we absolutely value the inventory that we're getting from our partners here. So I wouldn't express it as if they do this, we'll do that kind of a situation. This is a partnership.
Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks for the color, Jeff.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Millman of Millman Research. Your line is open.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Thank you. Following up some other questions regarding the effects of the economy and terror, particularly in Europe, would you suggest that you are seeing about the same number of travelers? Are you seeing – and in the U.S. However, particularly in Europe, are you seeing them move more to the south, where there are lower ADRs? And are you seeing an effect from that? And secondly, you talked about the long-term corporate, but is the conditions affecting corporate travelers; in other words, corporations are trying to keep their people – they think keep their people safe?
Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: On the first question, Michael, we have seen some relative strength in the South Spain and Portugal have been very strong markets. Turkey is not. Turkey has been an impaired market, between terrorist attacks and then the attempted coup. Some of the other markets that have been strong, like Ireland and Germany, so people shying away from some of the markets where terrorist attacks have been taking place in the past, and where maybe they have more of a fear of safety for traveling there at the moment.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: Yeah. And, Michael, I wouldn't – there's nothing that we can see from our results that indicates a major trend of corporations pulling back travel because of safety concerns. I'm certain there are some business travelers who have canceled trips in the immediate aftermath of some of these events, but broadly speaking, a major pullback is at least not obvious in the numbers we're looking at.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: And the Spain and Italy question, is that affecting your ADRs?
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: Well, Spanish ADRs have been very strong. So all of that demand shifting there is actually having a positive impact on the ADRs in those markets. And overall, you can see our ADR trend has been roughly stable, down slightly, less than a percent. So nothing really to call out there.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Great. Thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Naved Khan of Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Hi. Thank you very much. Jeff, I think in your prepared remarks you touched upon KAYAK and its strong performance. Can you give us some more color on what is actually working here and if you've launched in any new markets? And then I have a follow-up.
Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, KAYAK has had a good run of performance here this year. They've done a very nice job of not only building query demand in the United States and elsewhere, but they're doing also a good job of continually innovating with respect to their product and with respect to mobile in particular, which helps with the flow-through of the economics. So they're doing a very nice job and their international expansion continues. I don't have anything to tell you particularly about this market or that market but KAYAK continues to, I would say, in a measured way build its footprint internationally.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Okay, thanks. And then, Dan, can you talk a little bit about, what does your guidance include with respect to any kind of impact on the Olympics positive or negative?
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: We don't see any major impact one way or the other on that, Naved. So we didn't call anything out. We didn't build anything specifically in there.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Okay, thanks. And then one more question, if I may, since nobody asked it. So, any update on the CEO search?
Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Naved, the CEO search continues in the normal way with a committee of our board and the recruiting firm and they are right in the middle of it.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions in the queue. This does conclude the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back to The Priceline Group team for closing remarks.
Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you all very much for participating in the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-04 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Tom White - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC Douglas T. Anmuth - JPMorgan Securities LLC Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities Ken Sena - Evercore Group LLC Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Mike J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker) Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co. Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co. LLC Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC
Operator: Welcome to The Priceline Group's First Quarter 2016 Conference Call. The Priceline Group would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical facts are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause the Group's actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of the Group's earnings press release, as well as the Group's most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, The Priceline Group undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of the Group's earnings press release together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement is available in the For Investors section of The Priceline Group's website, www.pricelineGroup.com. And now, I'd like to introduce The Priceline Group's speakers for this afternoon, Jeffery Boyd; and Daniel Finnegan. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much and welcome to The Priceline Group's second (sic) [first] quarter conference call. I'm joined today by our Priceline Group's CFO, Dan Finnegan, in our Norwalk office before the market opens this morning in New York. The Group performed well in the quarter and we made good progress executing against our key initiatives. The Group reported consolidated gross bookings for the second (sic) [first] quarter of approximately $16.7 billion, up about 26% on a constant currency basis or about 21% year-over-year in U.S. dollars. Gross profit was up 21% or about 27% on a constant currency basis, and adjusted EBITDA was also up 27% to $676 million. And finally, non-GAAP earnings per share were $10.54, up 30% versus the prior year, surpassing our guidance for the quarter. GAAP earnings per share were $7.47, up 17% versus the prior year. Our U.S. dollar denominated growth rates were again impacted by the strong dollar, but less than we have experienced in previous quarters. Our customers booked accommodation reservations for 137 million room nights in the quarter, up 31% year-over-year, reflecting acceleration for the second consecutive quarter. We are pleased with this consistent robust growth in reservations, which reflects continued solid execution in the market for global travel. Booking.com continues to not only grow its accommodation supply, but also increase its penetration within its supply base. Booking.com's platform now has approximately 900,000 hotels and other accommodations in over 220 countries and territories, up 31% over last year. This platform also includes 422,000 instantly bookable vacation rental properties, which grew 40% year-over-year. We believe this inventory of unique properties represents an important source of future growth for the business, particularly when we can offer it with the best dynamic booking experience and great customer service. While our core business remains strong, Booking.com continues to invest in the future through innovation; for example, providing a rich customer experience for customers early in the travel planning process. Booking's new Passion Search is a unique search tool that helps our customers find and experience their true passions, with rich content and an elegant interface. We also remain focused and committed to helping our business customers with their unique travel needs. Booking.com for business had another successful quarter in extending its services from individual business travelers to small and medium-sized businesses. We are seeing solid growth in business bookers and Booking.com will continue to innovate and develop new tools to help these customers travel more easily and efficiently. priceline.com's results continue to be impacted by pressure on its opaque business due to greater marketplace competition in hotel discounting. Substantial investment in technology and people are underway to drive improvements to product, user interface and experiment velocity, and a new brand campaign launched in the first quarter aims at a more broadly-appealing message and brand promise. Cost discipline contributed to a good bottom line quarter for Agoda. As they push their pace of experimentation and innovation, they are positioning the platform for continued expansion. As mobility remains critically important across all of Agoda's primary Asian markets, we are pleased to note that the share of mobile transactions on Agoda is among the highest of the Group's travel businesses. KAYAK finished the quarter posting solid growth in queries, revenue and profit. Like our other brands, the pace of experimentation and innovation remains fast. Development around core search processing and functionality, mobile enhancements and new products all advanced during the quarter. We remain convinced that KAYAK's product breadth will continue to differentiate their services in the marketplace. Turning to our rental car services, rental car days grew 11% year-over-year for the Group. The largest contributor of this total, Rentalcars.com, executed another solid quarter despite challenges in some of its largest markets. OpenTable had a good quarter in its core U.S. business and continued adding restaurants to its cloud-based solution. OpenTable continues to make progress developing its technology platform for scaled international expansion and working with companies in the Group to test cross-promotion opportunities. In summary, the Group had a strong first quarter, led by its international hotel business. Bottom line results were aided by an early Easter and a shift of brand marketing expense from Q1 to Q2. The second quarter will be negatively affected by the seasonal Easter shift and by year-over-year increases in brand and performance-based marketing that represent important investments in building the business and our brands but will pressure operating leverage in the quarter, as you can see from our guidance. We do not believe that the higher expenses associated with the launch of new brand campaigns in the second quarter necessarily represents the long-term run rate for the business. Our outlook is also forecasting weakness in hotel average daily rates, which is representative of volatility in macro market conditions. Finally, while the circumstances of my return to the business as Interim CEO are unfortunate, I'm looking forward to working with our talented brand leadership, including Gillian Tans, who I congratulate on her promotion to CEO of Booking.com, as we continue moving our business forward. We believe the business is well-positioned to build on its long record of solid financial performance. I would like to thank our employees around the world for their hard work and dedication. I will now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: Thanks, Jeff. I'll discuss operating results and cash flows for the quarter and then provide guidance for the second quarter of 2016. All growth rates referenced in my comments are compared to the prior year comparable period, unless otherwise indicated. Q1 was an exceptionally strong quarter for The Priceline Group, with acceleration in room night growth to 31% compared to 27% in Q4. We also had solid operating margin performance. Growth was strong across all demand channels and key geographic regions. Rental car days grew by 11% in Q1, consistent with the Q4 growth rate. Average daily rates for accommodations, or ADRs, for Q1 were down slightly versus prior year on a constant currency basis for the consolidated Group, which was below our forecast that ADRs would be up by about 1%. Foreign exchange rates again presented a headwind to our growth rate expressed in U.S. dollars due to the strong dollar. Our Q1 gross bookings grew by 21% expressed in U.S. dollars but grew by about 26% on a constant currency basis compared to prior year. Gross profit for the quarter for The Priceline Group was $2 billion and grew by 21% in U.S. dollars and by about 27% on a constant currency basis compared to the prior year. Gross profit growth was helped by Easter falling in Q1 this year versus Q2 last year. We estimate that the early Easter timing shifted about $40 million of gross profit and adjusted EBITDA into Q1 that would have been recognized in Q2 if Easter fell in Q2 as it did last year. The timing shift benefits are Q1 gross profit, operating profit, adjusted EBITDA, net income and operating margins and will exert pressure on those metrics in Q2 in both cases compared to the prior year. Our gross profit take rate, representing the amount we earn in commission or gross margin relative to the gross bookings generated through our websites, continues to be stable as it has been for quite some time now. Our international operations generated gross profit of $1.7 billion, which grew by 23% in U.S. dollars and by about 31% on a constant currency basis compared to prior year. Gross profit for our U.S. operations amounted to $296 million which represented 7% growth versus prior year. Growth versus prior year Q1 was negatively impacted by a favorable travel transaction tax court ruling in the amount of $16.4 million included in Q1 2015 gross profit. Advertising and other revenue, which is mainly comprised of revenues for KAYAK and OpenTable, grew by 21% in Q1 compared to the prior year. Operating income grew by 27%, non-GAAP operating income grew by 28% and non-GAAP operating margins exceeded our guidance and increased by 152 bps compared to Q1 last year. Operating margins for Q1 2016 compared to the prior year Q1 were favorably impacted by the aforementioned Easter timing and phasing of brand advertising shifting into Q2. Solid ROIs for performance marketing were better than our guidance forecast. As highlighted in more detail on our soon-to-be-filed 10-Q, in Q1 we changed from presenting online and offline advertising to performance advertising and brand advertising. As a result, brand advertising done in online channels, such as YouTube and Facebook and display advertising, is now combined with offline advertising and presented as brand advertising. We think the new presentation is helpful to investors as it distinguishes between performance marketing that is typically managed on an ROI basis and brand advertising, which is typically managed to a planned level of spend. Non-advertising operating expenses were also favorable to our forecast and generated margin leverage compared to prior year in part due to the gross profit benefit of earlier Easter this year. Adjusted EBITDA for Q1 amounted to $676 million, which exceeded the top end of our guidance range of $620 million and grew by 27% versus prior year. Net income increased by 12% and fully diluted EPS by 17%. Non-GAAP net income increased by 24%, and non-GAAP EPS grew by 30%, including increased interest expense from our 2015 bond offerings and the beneficial impact of lower share count from stock repurchases. GAAP net income in Q1 includes a non-cash charge in the amount of $50.4 million related to an other than temporary impairment in the value of our cost method investment in Hotel Urbano based on the performance of the business, which has been impacted by the deteriorating economic and political situation in Brazil. We excluded the impairment charge from adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP EPS, because it is not driven by core operating results and renders comparisons with prior periods less meaningful. In terms of cash flow, we generated $344 million of cash from operations during first quarter 2016, which is about 65% above last year. We used our cash during the quarter to repurchase 202,000 shares of our common stock for $259 million. CapEx amounted to $53 million. Our cash and investments amounted to about $11 billion at March 31, 2016 with about $700 million of that balance in the U.S. Now, for Q2 guidance, gross bookings have continued to grow strongly across all channels and key geographic regions thus far in Q2, but growth has decelerated compared to Q1. Our guidance assumes that our growth rates will decelerate further as we progress through the quarter, mainly due to the size of our business and consistent with long-term trends. In addition, we believe that the EURO CUP and earlier timing this year for Ramadan will negatively impact our year-over-year growth rate in June. Our Q2 forecast is based upon recent foreign exchange rates and assumes that our growth rates in U.S. dollars will not be significantly impacted by foreign exchange rate fluctuations. This is the first quarter in quite a while where FX is not expected to be a headwind. For Q2 guidance, we are forecasting booked room nights to grow by 15% to 22% and total gross bookings to grow by 11% to 18% in U.S. dollars and on a constant currency basis. Our Q2 forecast assumes that constant currency accommodation ADRs for the consolidated Group will be down by about 1% compared to the prior year period. Our forecast for decreasing ADRs relates to the shifts in the geographic mix of our business, ADR weakness in markets experiencing soft demand due to travel or safety concerns and the impact on demand of economic weakness in certain international markets. Not surprisingly, these conditions have also resulted in elevated cancellation rates. We expect Q2 revenue to grow year-over-year by approximately 7% to 14%. We expect gross profit to grow by 9% to 16% in U.S. dollars and on a constant currency basis. The difference between forecasted gross bookings and gross profit growth relates to the lag between the timing of reservation booking and travel. A meaningful portion of the bookings recorded in Q2 are expected to benefit our gross profit in Q3 when summer travel takes place. We expect about 575 bps of deleverage in non-GAAP operating margins compared to prior year, expressed as non-GAAP operating income as a percentage of gross profit. Almost half of the margin pressure is due to the shift of Easter gross profit into Q1 and significantly increased brand advertising associated with the launch of new ad campaigns. Consistent with prior years, operating leverage is also pressured by investments in non-ad OpEx for our accommodation reservation business to be ready for peak travel season and future growth. Although, we occasionally experience periods of lumpiness in the growth of brand advertising and non-advertising OpEx investments, which can pressure margins as our guidance assumes for Q2, we expect over the longer-term to have operating leverage in these two expense categories. Finally, margins are also impacted by our assumptions for performance advertising efficiency. Our performance advertising return on investment has been solid thus far in the quarter, but as usual our forecast assumes deterioration from current levels and provides us with flexibility in a dynamic market to follow our consistent approach of advertising our brands at reasonable ROIs. Our adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $740 million and $795 million, which, at the midpoint, is down 5% versus prior year. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax rate of approximately 16% comprised of international income taxes and alternative minimum tax and state income taxes in the U.S. We are targeting non-GAAP fully diluted EPS of approximately $11.60 to $12.50 per share, which at the midpoint is down 3% versus prior year. Our non-GAAP EPS guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of 50.6 million shares based upon yesterday's closing stock price and reflects the beneficial impact of the common stock repurchases we made in 2015 and Q1 2016. We forecast GAAP EPS between $9.35 and $10.25 per share for Q2. The difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP results is driven by non-GAAP adjustments that are detailed in our earnings release. Consistent with past practice, we have hedge contracts in place to substantially shield our second quarter EBITDA net earnings from any further fluctuation in the euro and British pound versus the dollar between now and the end of the quarter. Our forecast does not assume any significant change in macroeconomic conditions in general, or in the travel market in particular. We'll now take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from Tom White with Macquarie. You may begin.
Tom White - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. Thank you for taking my question. Just on the hotel room night guidance and the deceleration there, you talked a little bit about the soccer tournament and Ramadan. I'm just curious if the differences in kind of the geographic seasonality of your business maybe is increasingly playing a role here, given that some of your faster growing geographies like Asia have peak travel in kind of 4Q and 1Q versus the middle part of the year? And then just secondly on the increased brand campaign spend, could you maybe just give a little bit of color? Is that sort of increase in spend in kind of countries where you guys are already advertising? Is it rolling out the campaign to new markets and new languages? Any detail there? Thank you.
Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. So maybe I'll take the second question and Dan can handle the first. With respect to the increased brand spend, an important part of that is a new advertising campaign for Booking.com here in the United States. Booking's product has enjoyed good growth and consumer acceptance, and we're very, very happy to be increasing our investment in building its market position and supporting that growth. There's no end (19:13) new market that represents a significant portion of that increased spend.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: And then as far as geographic mix goes, Tom, what I said in my prepared comments was for Q1 and Q2, we're happy with the growth we're seeing across all of our key geographic regions, and that's been the case for quite a while now. So, we've got regions other than Europe growing faster than our consolidated gross rate, typically. Europe, growing a little bit slower, but still posting really solid growth rates. So, the shift in mix amongst regions has been pretty gradual. The impact of EURO CUP has been – we've seen that in the past as well, and typically what happens, it's the last two weeks of June and the first two weeks of July. So, at the outset, when all the teams are still playing, people are paying attention to the tournament and not necessarily booking travel. As their teams get knocked out and the tournament wraps up, typically people will then book their summer vacation. They're not going to forego their vacation, but it may impact the timing of when they book it. And in terms of Ramadan, we've seen impacts every year. We have a big business in the Middle East and Asia Pacific region. It moves 10 days earlier, and so this year we have 10 extra days in the month of June. Typically at the outset of Ramadan we see a slowing in bookings as Muslims are observing Ramadan, and then at the end of Ramadan we see an uptick in travel, which is beneficial for our business. And that was in July last year and will be in July again this year.
Tom White - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Eric Sheridan with UBS. You may begin.
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe just two, one on the measurement advertising side, the performance side, the stable ROI, curious just to understand what you're seeing in the marketplace from a competitive standpoint that informs the decisions and the statements on ROI in performance-based advertising, and how you think about that moving through the rest of the year? And then second on the CEO search, maybe understanding a little bit of what you're aiming for in the CEO search, timing and sort of how we should think about that going forward? Thanks, guys.
Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Again, maybe I'll answer the second question and then Dan can take the first. Our board, as we said in our public disclosures, is commencing a search straightaway for a long-term successor to me as Interim CEO. We don't have a prediction as to how long that will take, but I think folks can use their common sense to come to some concept of what a search for a position like this could take in terms of time. In terms of the type of person that we're looking for, obviously, we need to have a person who has broad experience and a demonstrated track record of success in managing large global organizations, where technology is a very important part of the business, and where they have demonstrated their ability to deal with changing market conditions successfully.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: And on performance advertising, Eric, our approach is consistent with the way we've always handled it. So we're looking to bring traffic to the website at a reasonable return on investment. We've had several years, I guess since the middle of 2012, where we've been under pressure with that metric, and now we've had a few quarters in a row where we've seen ROIs pretty solid – without categorizing them as better or worse than prior year, pretty neutral. So, much better than the trend we'd before that. For going forward, I feel good about our ability to compete in these variable channels with the number of properties we've got available on our website, the breadth and depth of selection. The work that our marketing teams do to continuously innovate and become more sophisticated in the way we compete within these channels, and then the great work that our front end teams do also to continuously improve conversion on our websites and mobile platforms. Those all are good competitive advantages as we compete in that marketplace.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets. You may begin.
Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Just one question on alternative accommodations, could you talk about trends there and you could give out some data on the inventory that you have there, but could you talk about the bookings trends you're seeing and your thoughts on integrating that over time more and more into the core purchase path, if that's something that you want to do? Thank you.
Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Mark. So, we gave statistics with respect to the increase in the number of properties, vacation properties. In terms of our inventory, those types of properties are growing faster than inventory overall, so the share of available properties is increasing. I want everybody to keep in mind that the number of rentable rooms or units per property for these kinds of accommodations is usually a lot smaller than a typical hotel, and that's something that we've been pointing out now for years. The growth rates that we're seeing with respect to these properties are attractive. They're definitely helping deliver the kind of 31% year-over-year room night growth that we saw in the first quarter and as I said in my prepared remarks, we view this sector of the market as a very important source of growth for the business going forward, and our aim here, really, with respect to not just vacation properties but other non-hotel accommodations, is to build the inventory substantially, provide a dynamic booking experience that is superior to any other alternative in the marketplace for these kinds of accommodations and a customer service and customer experience that is consistent with what we've been providing for customers for years and what's made us a leading player in the space. So, I think we couldn't be more enthusiastic about these types of accommodations and we couldn't be more convinced that the product that we're building and the service that we're providing is better than anything else out there in the marketplace.
Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Jeff, one quick follow-on on that, on the non-hotel accommodations. Could you just comment on the economics to Priceline of a booking of a non-hotel accommodation versus a regular hotel accommodation?
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: The take rates are in line with our overall take rate, Mark.
Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you, Dan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Douglas Anmuth with JPMorgan. You may begin.
Douglas T. Anmuth - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to follow up on your comments about the deceleration into 2Q. Could you just help us understand the timing a little bit better here, kind of as you were exiting 1Q and going into 2Q and the degree to which you think that's law of large numbers versus some of the other factors you mentioned specifically into 2Q around security and macro concerns and other? Thanks.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: Hi, Doug. So, the growth rate in Q1 at 31% was clearly not sustainable. If you look at the growth we posted for Q1 together with the midpoint that we've guided to for Q2 and kind of average them out, you'd come to about a 25% growth rate year-to-date, which is the growth that we posted for all of 2015. So, I feel pretty good if we can check the box of getting halfway through this year with no deceleration versus last year. When we were asked a lot of questions last quarter about why are you growing so much faster, what are you doing differently, did you figure something out? We said the good news was no, we think that we're just continuing to perform well and the market is healthy. I think that's also the case with what we're seeing now in Q2. We're continuing to perform well. From data that we can monitor, we think that our share in variable channels is stable. The share of business going to us direct is stable. So, I think the growth for Q1 was not sustainable. The growth we've seen thus far in Q2 I categorized in my prepared remarks as I consider it to be strong growth. And as we typically do, we assume that our growth will decelerate as we move through the quarter. We have the couple of external factors with EURO CUP and Ramadan that we're calling out for the month of June, which has caused us to build maybe a little bit more conservatism in, or I'll call it that actually it just reflects the fact that we think that's going to negatively impact our growth for that month.
Douglas T. Anmuth - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks, Dan.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Justin Post with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. You may begin.
Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. A couple of questions. Jeff, welcome back. And why the increase in brand spend in 2Q? And any other initiatives for the company that you're doing this quarter since you've come back? And then it sounds like in the prepared remarks you've had some higher cancellation rates and lower ADRs, so maybe some industry pressure. Talk a little bit about what you are seeing out there. Thank you.
Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. So, Justin, in terms of the increase in brand spend in Q2, I think typically in this business and more specifically in the United States because of the way demand for travel ramps up, your brand advertising spend usually is heaviest in the first half going into the early part of the third quarter. And then it sort of tends to trend down. So, I think the ramp-up in spending for brand advertising at least in this market is consistent with demand trends. And again, we have a very profitable hotel business that allows us to make these kinds of investments in marketing. And as you know, we have a very strong culture of metric driven management. So you can expect us to look very carefully at the returns on the brand investments to make sure that it's paying off in terms of strengthening our brand and driving traffic to the website. With respect to the market conditions, I think that we all have seen over the last year since the financial crisis what has been essentially a very fragile economic recovery that's been characterized by periods of apparent strength followed by periods of apparent weakness, whether it's driven by headline risk associated with sovereign debt crisis or other political considerations and more recently oil prices. To me, some of the weakness that we're seeing is essentially consistent with the fragility of the economic situation that we've experienced over the long-term. But as Dan mentioned, we have seen in industry statistics at a minimum a deceleration of increasing average daily rates for hotels in a lot of markets around the world. And in our case, what we've seen is on a constant currency basis a reduction, a slight reduction in ADRs for the first time in a long time as well as Dan also mentioned increases in cancellations in certain markets. And so, we wanted to flag that for investors as something that's a component of our forward-looking guidance for top line growth
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: And just to add on one other point there, Justin, with the ADR decline, I pointed out that mix is also impacting that. So we're seeing strong travel to Russia and APAC's strong as a destination. Those are typically at lower than our average ADRs. We're seeing some weakness in markets like France impacted by terrorism, which is a higher ADR market. So mix is also contributing to that trend in our financials.
Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Naved Khan with Cantor Fitzgerald. You may begin.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Yes, hi. Thanks. Curious to know if you guys have seen any impact on your SEO traffic because of the changes that Google made to the search engine results pages this past quarter?
Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: I think that our emphasis and the lion's share of our business really comes more from page search than it does from organic search in the travel space in particular. KAYAK and OpenTable may get more business from organic channels but in the OTA space in the Group, it's typically much more of a page search channel than it is an SEO channel.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Okay. And then any impact from TripAdvisor's Instant Book? You guys sort of started participating in that a few months ago. Anything to call out there in terms of trends, what you're seeing in the channel?
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: Hi, Naved. We didn't call anything out in the prepared remarks because there's really no change from what we said last quarter. So, given the relative size of TripAdvisor to our business, we haven't seen any significant impact to our numbers.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ken Sena with Evercore. You may begin.
Ken Sena - Evercore Group LLC: Hi. Just going back to the ADR question, you mentioned change in geographic mix, some safety concerns and also some macro weakness. But can you also attribute it to just growth overall in alternative accommodations, whether your own in terms of the strong room night growth or competitors like Airbnb? And then also when you're thinking about the alternative accommodations market, is there more you can say as far as how you're segmenting it in terms of whether it's managed by property managers or for rental by owner or other, just to kind of give us a sense of how you view the addressable market? Thank you.
Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Ken, on the ADR side, no significant impact on our overall blended ADRs from our increasing share of vacation rentals. And it's still fairly early days in the vacation rental space and we've got teams of people at Booking.com that are continuing to innovate and grow that business. Right now, it's mostly through property managers but we are going to continue to add properties there and we're looking to make our tools easier for single property owners to also be able to participate. So we're going to continue to advance there, but right now it's mostly property managers.
Ken Sena - Evercore Group LLC: Thank you very much.
Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Lloyd Walmsley with Deutsche Bank. You may begin.
Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. As you guys kind of ramp up your brand advertising spend this quarter, I think you characterized YouTube and Facebook as part of that bucket. So wondering if those channels have a good measurable ROI such that you can really scale up those spend and track the results or if kind of moving into that brand bucket suggests it's a less direct impact? And then a second if I can. Jeff, you're coming back after two years of perhaps thinking about the space from a more strategic level, so wondering if you can just kind of give us your views on what you think the biggest changes have been in the space in general and the position of Priceline over the last couple of years and kind of your outlook on the space as a whole going forward? That would be great. Thanks.
Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. So, Lloyd, thank you for those questions. In terms of online brand spend, that's something that has grown in brands around the Group in the last couple of years. And it does provide the opportunity for different ways of measuring effectiveness, and at least in our view, in some cases more effective ways to measure the effectiveness of your brand spend. So, I'm actually very optimistic that moving of brand spend to those channels has the potential to help us drive better long-term returns on investment on our brand spending. But at this point in time it's not being measured like performance-based advertising, where you're looking at the same session, unit economics divided by cost per click kind of thing. It's just not those kind of measurements, and so I don't want to represent that we are or ultimately will be looking at it the same way. But I think it bodes well for our ability to better manage our brand spending over time. With respect to, from a higher level, the changes that we're seeing in the space, I think that I continue to be very impressed by the size and the scope of the opportunity that The Priceline Group and others in our space have in front of us. Year after year, good execution is rewarded when demand goes to new distribution channels. When you look at the importance of two businesses that you just mentioned in terms of sources of demand, YouTube and Facebook and others, it's an opportunity for companies that can execute quickly and well to diversify and build on their demand. I also continue to be impressed by how attractive the global nature of the business is and the scale that we've developed, and in particular Booking.com has developed, that just gives us an opportunity in markets around the world to build really big businesses despite the turmoil that characterizes not only the world economy but the political situation around the world. And one thing that has impressed me about this business since I started running it as Chief Operating Officer of priceline.com in late 2000 is the resiliency of our businesses in the face of some of these challenges, which is not to say that we don't see the impact of terrorism or financial crisis. We absolutely see it. The economic cycles do affect our business, but time after time after time they recover quickly and they build because of the very substantial tailwinds that we have benefiting us in terms of movement of this activity from offline channels to online channels, the growth of economic activity and middle-class spending in emerging markets around the world and finally the ability of our talented teams around the world to improve the edge we have in trying to drive demand in these channels. I hope that's responsive to your question.
Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes, it's very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray. You may begin.
Mike J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Hey, good morning. So you're giving some fairly specific reasons for Q2 bookings growth being a bit below expectations with Easter and Ramadan, and maybe some macro issues impacting ADR. So I just want to make sure that outside of those you're not seeing any changes in competitive dynamics like alternative accommodations growth, Hotel Direct potentially getting more aggressive, metasearch gaining a higher share of direct traffic or other OTAs getting share or any other factors that are impacting your bookings. In other words, is it fair to say that the more cautious booking outlook is entirely market or timing-based versus competitive issues? Thanks.
Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: No, I don't think that the deceleration that we're pointing to here has really anything to do with competitive factors in the marketplace. We obviously have a number of brands that are out there, and I think it's fair to say that not each one of them has the exact same competitive strength and positioning, but as we look at the share of the business that we're getting from major distribution channels, we feel very comfortable that we're holding or gaining share. When we look at what's happening in alternative accommodations, and particularly the growth that Airbnb is advertising in the marketplace, I personally think that represents an opportunity for us because we're in a position to build our business in that space and to drive very substantial demand to those properties to convert them with an experience that's great for the customer and profitable for us. So, I view that as a net substantial positive in terms of marketplace conditions for the Group.
Mike J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co. (Broker): Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley. You may begin.
Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking my questions. I have two. Just the first one, going back to the branded campaign in the U.S. around Booking.com, I guess I'd be curious to hear about learnings you have on U.S. in Booking.com the past couple of years, what you think has worked, what has been more challenging? And what drives the decision to kind of further increase branded ad spend to grow rather than use your paid search expertise to kind of continue taking share? And then secondly, just an update on OpenTable, kind of how we can think about an OpenTable rollout in Europe or next big milestones to look for this year? Thanks.
Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thank you. With respect to branding and branding spend in the United States, I would start off by saying that we are very pleased with the progress that Booking.com has made in building its business and in building its brand in the United States. From time to time, we've given some insight into what our overall growth rate is in the United States and we're not providing that color today, but I will say that we are pleased with the absolute and relative rates of growth of the Booking.com business here in the United States. We were very pleased with the results of the original brand launch on television of Booking.com in the United States and saw a demonstrable impact in terms of not just awareness, but also the business and ultimately the total cost that we experienced to drive customers as a whole were attractive to us. As to why brand spending versus performance-based marketing, in the United States it's a different market than international markets. First of all, our competition has very substantial share of voice on television. And if you don't participate, you are conceding awareness and ultimately demand to your competition. And when you think about the size of the U.S. market in terms of population and the travel market, and the fact that it's a homogeneous market that you can advertise to with one campaign across the country, it really makes sense to have brand advertising here. And I think that strategy is spot on. And as we said in our prepared remarks, having a push associated with the new campaign is not something that's going to happen every quarter of every year, but we think it's a solid and sound strategy to continue to build awareness for our brand, which today, research is available everywhere under indexes in terms of awareness with other major travel brands in the space. In terms of OpenTable and their plans to expand internationally, I think I said in my prepared remarks that there's a technology job to do in terms of revisions to their tech platform that make international expansion easy versus having to build a new platform in every different country, and that work is underway. And I think once it's completed, we'll be in a better position to essentially build on the international footprint that we have as a Group in helping OpenTable bring its product overseas. I'll mention that they have done some work in Australia on a preliminary basis to try to understand what the potential impact of that is. And while it's very small and very early days, we think it's showing us that this strategy is the right strategy to help build out the brand.
Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Daniel Powell with Goldman Sachs. You may begin.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Actually it's Heath Terry. Just wanted to get a sense with the EBITDA coming in about $50 million above the high end of your guidance for Q1, is there any reason that wasn't invested back into driving booking growth even into Q2? Just curious if the returns that you were seeing on incremental spend were lower than your threshold, if there was something beyond that? And then I also realize it's extremely early, but we've now had Marriott, Hyatt, Hilton and InterContinental all announce lower rates and other benefits for people that book direct. Do you foresee any impact to that even if it's just to your business with those chains?
Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Why don't I do the second one and Dan will do the first. With respect to the major hotel chains, a couple of things to keep in mind. First is, just say at the outset that our relationships with hotels in particular and with the hotel chains is an important part of who we are as a Group that we have a traditional supply of friendliness of bringing demand to our hotel partners at very low distribution costs. And in particular because of the international footprint of our business, we uniquely can provide access to demand around the world that even the most sophisticated chains cannot access themselves because they don't have the functionality, the language capabilities or the distribution capabilities that we have on a global basis. So, we're providing a little bit of a different and, and at least in my judgment, more valuable service to our hotel partners really than anybody else in this space. With respect to their efforts to drive traffic directly to their website, it's understandable. They have a strong desire to strengthen their brands, and we understand that. On the other hand, we believe our customers are entitled to competitive pricing and the best availability that is out there for intermediaries, because we provide the largest business to most of the hotels that we work with. So, we try to maintain that balance. I think people should keep in mind that the share of business that The Priceline Group does with the chains is relatively small. It's not like it used to be for Priceline when the chains for the U.S. business were such a major part of the whole. It's really a much smaller part of the business. And ultimately for any hotel that wants to maximize the benefit they get from working with our brands, the most important things are going to be their pricing, their content, their availability, the competitiveness of the offer that we can show to our customers.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: And, Heath, in terms of the EBITDA over-performance in Q1, we typically don't manage our brand spending that way, so we don't say, okay, we over-performed, therefore let's just churn a lot more money into advertising. Our performance advertising approach has been very consistent over many years now. It's consistent in Q1 and Q2 with what it has been in the past. In terms of the brand advertising, timing was more in Q2 than Q1 based upon when the campaigns were available to roll for Booking.com and for priceline.com. It was a strategic decision to hold back a little bit on running the campaign until we were further along with the tech platform relaunch. So, we're trying to spend what we think is the right amount to build our brands for the long-term rather than overspending because we had some over-performance in EBITDA in a quarter.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Kevin Kopelman with Cowen and Company. You may begin.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks a lot. So you quantified the Easter impact for us of $40 million. Can you help us just think about how large the EURO CUP and Ramadan impacts are? And then also the brand campaign, if you could quantify that for us? Thanks.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: Yes, so we're not going to quantify the Ramadan and EURO CUP impact. But I will say growth is strong thus far out of the gate and we typically then assume that growth will decelerate as we move through the quarter given the size of the business. There's no change in our approach there, and then we factored in a, what I would say overall for the quarter, is a relatively small impact related to the two specific issues. And then the brand spending, what we said is that the deleverage in Q2, almost half of it is driven by a combination of the Easter shift in timing and the increase in brand spend. So you can get a pretty good idea on what that amount is by doing the math.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Stephen Ju (50:49) with Credit Suisse. You may begin.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Thanks. So is there anything you can share with us in terms of the overall impact you may be noticing from outbound travel activity and hopefully new demand out of the APAC region, especially China? And do you feel like those travelers are opting more for the larger hotel chain inventory as opposed to the more independent or even the alternative properties where you guys are stronger? Thanks.
Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Stephen (51:18), I don't think we have any particular comment to make about the relative strength or weakness of outbound APAC. I think the performance of the business in APAC in general has been consistent with our expectations. The only regional comment I would make there is that inbound travel, international travel to China, has continued to be under pressure for primarily pollution reasons, honestly, more than anything else. And in terms of hotel quality, I don't have a comment to make to you there.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies. You may begin.
Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Maybe a really quick question. Any differentiating trends you're seeing in terms of alternative inventory on a regional basis?
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: No. Nothing to call out, Brian. I mean, it pretty much tracks the footprint of our business. So we're adding vacation rentals in all of our markets, principally in Europe, which is our biggest market. So nothing I would call out there that's noteworthy.
Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thanks, Jeff.
Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the call back over to management for any closing remarks.
Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thank you all for participating in the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thanks for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-17 07:30:00) =====
Executives: Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Thomas White - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co. Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Douglas T. Anmuth - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ken Sena - Evercore Group LLC Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Welcome to The Priceline Group's Fourth Quarter 2015 Conference Call. The Priceline Group would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations or similar expressions reflecting something other than historical facts are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause the group's actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of the group's earnings press release as well as the group's most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, The Priceline Group undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of the group's earnings press release together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement is available in the For Investors section of The Priceline Group's website www.pricelinegroup.com. And now I'd like to introduce The Priceline Group's speakers for this afternoon, Darren Huston and Daniel Finnegan. Go ahead gentlemen.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you. Welcome to The Priceline Group's fourth quarter conference call. Thank you for joining us before the market opens this morning in New York. I'm here in Amsterdam with Priceline Group's CFO Dan Finnegan. The group reported another solid quarter with consolidated gross bookings of approximately $12 billion up about 24% on a constant currency basis, 13% year-over-year in U.S. dollars. Our customers booked accommodation reservations for over 99 million room nights in the quarter, up 27% year-over-year. Gross profit was up 12% or about 23% on a constant currency basis. Adjusted EBITDA was also up 11% to $790 million. And finally, our non-GAAP earnings per share was $12.63 surpassing FactSet consensus estimates of $11.81 per share and our guidance for the quarter. Now, I'd like to take a moment and reflect back on our full-year results. Our customers made reservations for over 432 million room nights on Priceline Group platforms in 2015, over twice as many as our next biggest competitor. Despite the law of large numbers, we organically grew this business at 25% down only 3 percentage points from 2014's growth rate and exited the year growing more quickly than we were growing when we entered it. The business was very profitable generating $3.7 billion of adjusted EBITDA and a 42.6% non-GAAP operating profit margin. I believe that the solid performance in 2015 and many consecutive years of strong growth and profitability have been made possible by competitive advantages we have developed through the skill and hard work of our people around the world. Our capabilities and scale in partner acquisition, customer experience and efficient demand generation plus our large installed base of accommodations and loyal travelers give The Priceline Group a competitive moat that is deep and wide. Let me expand on this point a bit, being a leader on online travel and building and experienced marketplace isn't achieved by simply electronically connecting demand with supply. It may be a surprise to some but about two-thirds of our employees are working in either the supply or customer service organizations. Only KAYAK, our one media asset does not have a similar model. Our employees work out of 239 support offices in 173 cities around the world working daily with partners and customers to deliver the absolute best booking experience wherever our customer comes from and wherever they're going. On the supply side, we added 200,000 properties during the year on Booking.com covering everything from igloos to shared estates while maintaining stable take rates and a fee-free model to the customer. Booking.com now has over 850,000 hotels, homes and other places to stay in over 220 countries and territories across the globe, up 34% from last year. The hard work of making this a daily reality is achieved by thousands of dedicated and energetic people around the world having these properties and then working with our partners on an ongoing basis to ensure that our customers have the most choices of places to stay at the best prices available. We offer by far the most directly bookable lodging choices to our customers, with over 22.6 million rooms potentially available on our websites, including 6.9 million rooms in vacation rentals and other non-hotel properties. With our worldwide team and market-leading profitability, we are expanding this low friction model more aggressively into the single-owner, single-room market as it continues to mature. We strongly believe that this fee-free experience-centric model, which makes booking homes and apartments as easy and trustworthy as booking a hotel, will be the winning model long term. On the customer experience side, the complexity of providing a world-class digital experience for customers becomes more daunting each year with various browsers and operating systems offered on desktop and mobile devices. On top of that, you have new platforms and capabilities being built every day, and for each of these, we need to make an intelligent decision about where and how to participate. The good news is the tools are becoming better and customers continue to want to live more of their lives digitally. We have over 2,500 talented developers and other technology professionals working across our brands to offer our customers the best online booking experience on our desktop and mobile websites and app optimized through hundreds of thousands of experiments. We believe Booking.com has the highest converting online accommodation reservation path in the world, achieved through a deeply ingrained culture of innovation, the result of experimentation at a transactional data scale and velocities that few companies can match. Our content is best in class with high-resolution photos, detailed property descriptions and 77 million plus verified and fresh reviews for properties in even the most far-flung destinations. We have thousands of customer service professionals stationed all over the world, helping our customers in 42 languages 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. We think our approach adds up to a great experience for our customers, which helps us continue to grow the direct share of our business with outstanding everyday pricing and repeat traffic versus the alternative, which is to buy the business with coupons or discounting, transaction by transaction. Booking.com surpassed 100 million customer accounts during 2015 and had our one billionth guest stay at one of our partners, approximately 300 million of those in 2015 alone, another testament to our success at earning long-term loyalty. We invested $3 billion in marketing during 2015 to build our brands around the world and bring new customers to our websites at profitable ROIs. Our historical competitive strengths on the desktop have translated very well to mobile. Our talented teams use proprietary quantitative tools to manage bidding on hundreds of millions of multilingual keywords across desktop and mobile platforms, successfully balancing ROI discipline with strong growth. We continue to command a leading share of the demand channels we participate in, profitably converting shoppers into buyers and buyers into loyal long-term customers. Every year is an investment year at The Priceline Group. Well, every year is also an opportunity to deliver outstanding bottom line results. We evaluate every opportunity with a long-term lens, requiring that it deliver value for our brand franchises tomorrow beyond just delivering transactions today. 2016 will be no different as we invest in exciting new opportunities like OpenTable's international expansion or BookingSuite cloud software offers, or Booking.com for Business while maintaining superior operating margins that will allow us to win in the face of heated competition. And you can be confident that we're not standing still. The Priceline Group will continue to work hard to stay a step ahead of the competition with our unique combination of institutional knowhow, culture, systems and focused passion. We don't take any competitor lightly, and we compete ferociously every day, continuously seeking a higher executional gear in every facet of our business. Booking.com, of course, makes up the majority of our business. However, the group also has a portfolio of valuable and complementary brands, each of which makes money and has the aspiration to grow and build vertical mastery in their respective area of focus. We have new leadership at Priceline.com and OpenTable and both businesses are responding with a renewed energy and a strong commitment to profitable growth. Agoda and Rentalcars.com both continued to improve and differentiate their respective products and both look to drive more business direct and through improved mobile experiences. And finally, KAYAK is an outstanding business that is being smartly run and continues to contribute to the group beyond our initial expectations. I give these other brand teams a lot of independence, and this has engendered a real performance-driven culture. Through our portfolio of brands we aspire to achieve the group's mission to help people experience the world and become a global marketplace for experiences. I thank my colleagues around the world for delivering another great year. Their skill and dedication has helped build a great business with strong competitive advantages that have been responsible for our past success and will help us continue to succeed in the future. I'll now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review. Dan?
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: Thanks, Darren. I'll discuss some of the highlights in operating results and cash flows for the quarter and then provide guidance for the first quarter of 2016. All growth rates referenced in my comments are compared to the prior year comparable period unless otherwise indicated. Q4 was a strong quarter for The Priceline Group with accelerating room night growth and a second consecutive quarter of solid operating margin performance. Growth was strong across all channels and geographic regions, which we believe indicates a generally healthy macro travel environment. Our global room night growth rate declined by more than 10 percentage points for a two- to three-week period after the terrorist attack in Paris compared to what it had been before the attack. Growth bounced back strongly in December and this momentum has carried over in Q1, as I will discuss further when I get to guidance. Room nights booked grew by 27% in the fourth quarter, accelerating compared to the 22% growth rate for Q3. Rental car days grew by 11% in Q4 compared to Q3 growth of 13%. Average daily rates for accommodations, or ADRs, for Q4 2015 were up on a constant currency basis by 1% for the consolidated group. Foreign exchange rates again presented a significant headwind to our growth rates expressed in U.S. dollars due to the strong dollar and our business mix, which skews heavily international. Our Q4 gross bookings grew by about 24% on a constant currency basis but by only about 13% expressed in U.S. dollars compared to prior year. International gross bookings grew by about 29% on a constant currency basis and by 16% expressed in U.S. dollars. Gross bookings for our U.S. business decreased by about 8%. We believe U.S. performance was impacted by TV advertising decreases in the second half of 2015 as the Priceline.com team transitioned to their new brand campaign, which recently launched in Q1. In addition, global airfares were down by about 15% over the last several months, according to KAYAK flight search data, which significantly impacts Priceline.com's gross bookings growth but has no impact on gross profit growth. Gross profit for the quarter for The Priceline Group was $1.9 billion and grew by about 23% on a constant currency basis, and by 12% in U.S. dollars compared to prior year. Our gross profit take rates remained stable, as they have been for quite some time now. We believe that our revenue margins have been and should continue to be sustainable due to our position as a relatively low cost distribution channel that drives significant demand to our partners. Our international operations generated gross profit of $1.6 billion, which grew by about 25% on a constant currency basis and by 12% in U.S. dollars compared to prior year. Gross profit for our U.S. operations amounted to $268 million, which represented 11% growth versus prior year. Advertising and other revenue, which is mainly comprised of KAYAK and OpenTable revenues, grew by 17% in Q4 compared to the prior year. Operating margins exceeded our guidance and were similar to Q4 last year. Non-GAAP operating income amounted to 41.3% of gross profit for Q4 compared to 41.4% in Q4 last year. Online ad ROI's were better than our forecast, but online advertising de-levered compared to the prior year, due to the acceleration in gross bookings late in the quarter, which will benefit revenue in Q1 and beyond when checkouts occur, as well as the impact of the terrorist attack on cancellations. Offline advertising came in slightly favorable to our forecast and is down year-over-year due to a shift in spend from offline to online advertising for KAYAK, reduced advertising at Priceline.com as I mentioned a moment ago and the impact of foreign exchange rates on Booking.com's offline advertising expense, which grew by 18% in euros. Non-advertising operating expenses were also favorable to our forecast and only generated 11 bps of margin pressure compared to prior year. Adjusted EBITDA for Q4 amounted to $790 million, which exceeded the top end of our guidance range of $760 million and grew by 11% versus prior year despite the significant negative foreign currency translation impact of the stronger U.S. dollar. Non-GAAP net income increased by 11% and non-GAAP EPS grew by 16%, including increased interest expense from our recent bond offerings and the beneficial impact of lower share count from stock repurchases. In terms of cash flow, we generated $881 million of cash from operations during fourth quarter 2015, which is about 17% above last year and is also impacted by unfavorable foreign exchange rate translation. For the full year, we generated operating cash flow of $3.1 billion and spent $174 million on CapEx, which means about 34% of our gross profit converted into free cash flow. We used our cash during the year to repurchase 2.5 million shares of our common stock for $3.1 billion. Darren just spoke about some of our operational competitive advantages, I believe that our market-leading profit margins, free cash flow, impeccable balance sheet and solid investment rate credit rating collectively constitute a competitive advantage that gives us significant financial flexibility to invest in our business to drive growth and positions us favorably versus our competitors. Our board recently gave us a new authorization to repurchase up to $3 billion of our common stock. We expect to execute this program consistent with the pattern we have established over the last couple years to return capital to shareholders at a pace that we think makes sense based on the price at which our stock is trading and potential other uses for such capital. Our cash and investments amounted to $10.6 billion at December 31, 2015, with about $800 million of that balance in the U.S. Now for Q1 guidance, our quarter is off to a strong start, as I mentioned a moment ago. Some of the strength in December, and thus far in Q1, is likely attributable to Chinese New Year, Carnival and Easter happening earlier this year. Leap year also helps our forecast slightly relative to last year by adding an extra day to the quarter. Although we worry about macro weakness evidenced in slowing economic growth, dropping oil prices and stock market volatility, the macro travel environment appears healthy to us. Lower oil prices have contributed to significantly lower airline ticket prices and leave consumers with more discretionary funds that are available for travel. Lastly, and most importantly, a combination of strong core execution and the benefits of a number of growth investments we've been making are helping to drive the group's success. And I sincerely thank my colleagues around the world for their efforts. Our growth continues to be strong across all channels and regions. Our guidance assumes that our growth rates will decelerate as we progress through the quarter, mainly due to the size of our business and consistent with long-term trends. We are pleased with the brand marketing we get through TripAdvisor's Instant Book ad placement, but given the relative size of our business and our experience so far, we don't expect that Instant Book will significantly impact our top line growth or ad efficiency. Our Q1 forecast assumes foreign exchange rates of $1.12 per euro and $1.44 per British pound for the remainder of the quarter, which will result in average exchange rates that would be weaker by about 2% for the euro and about 5% for the British pound as compared to the prior year. Many other currencies in which we transact are also significantly weaker versus the U.S. dollar than they were in Q1 last year. As a result, our gross bookings, gross profit, operating expenses, adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP net income will mathematically translate into fewer dollars than they would have at last year's exchange rates for Q1. As you can see in our guidance, the Q1 impact of currency fluctuations on our dollar reported figures, while still meaningful, is less severe than what we experienced during 2015. Barring further deterioration in exchange rates, year-over-year currency comps will become even less challenging after Q1. As I mentioned when we reported last quarter, we will no longer report U.S. gross booking business as a separate statistical metric. We believe that the usefulness of this metric has diminished due to the relative size of our Priceline.com business to our consolidated results, and because our other two U.S. brands, KAYAK and OpenTable, do not have gross travel bookings. The metric also excludes the U.S. inbound, outbound and domestic business for Booking.com. We will continue to report revenue and gross profit for our U.S. business as we have in the past to give insight into its performance. We're also adding guidance for consolidated room night growth to give visibility for this important metric. For Q1 guidance, we are forecasting booked room nights to grow by 20% to 27% and total gross bookings to grow by 18% to 25% on a constant currency basis and by 12% to 19% in U.S. dollars. Our Q1 forecast assumes that constant currency accommodation ADRs for consolidated group will be up by about 1% compared to the prior-year period. We expect Q1 revenue to grow year-over-year by approximately 9% to 16%. We expect gross profit to grow by 20% to 27% on a constant currency basis and by 14% to 21% in U.S. dollars. We expect about 140 bps of deleveraging non-GAAP operating margins compared to prior year expressed as non-GAAP operating income as a percentage of gross profit. The deleverage is mainly attributable to our assumptions for online ad efficiency. Our online advertising efficiency forecast, as usual, assumes deterioration from current levels and provides us with flexibility in a dynamic market to follow our consistent approach of advertising our brands at reasonable ROIs. Our adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $580 million and $620 million, which at the midpoint is an increase of 13% versus prior year. We estimate that the currency impact on EBITDA growth is similar to the impact that we are forecasting for gross profit. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax rate of 16%, comprised of international income taxes and alternative minimum tax and state income taxes in the U.S. We are targeting non-GAAP fully diluted EPS of approximately $9 to $9.60 per share, which at the midpoint is an increase of 15% versus prior year. Our non-GAAP EPS guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of 50.5 million shares based upon yesterday's closing stock price and reflects the beneficial impact of the common stock repurchases we made in 2015. We forecast GAAP EPS between $6.90 and $7.50 per share for Q1. The difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP results is driven by non-GAAP adjustments that are detailed in our earnings release. Consistent with past practice, we have hedged contracts in place to substantially shield our first quarter EBITDA net earnings from any further fluctuation in the euro and British pound versus the dollar between now and the end of the quarter. The hedges do not offset the impact of translation on our gross bookings, revenue, gross profit or operating income. They also do not hedge us against fluctuations in other currencies and do not hedge our earnings beyond the first quarter. Our forecast does not assume any significant change in macroeconomic conditions in general or in the travel market in particular. We will now take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from Tom White with Macquarie. You may begin.
Thomas White - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Good. Thanks for taking my questions. Just one on the TripAdvisor Instant Booking. I think you said no kind of impact contemplated in 2016, but was there any sort of discernible impact to the 4Q room night growth? And then just on your comments on take rates, it sounds like things are stable. I guess – I know this isn't a perfectly clean calc, but if I look at gross profit growth kind of on an FX-neutral basis, that kind of lagged room night growth a bit in the fourth quarter for the first time in several quarters. Can you maybe just comment a bit on the drivers of the delta there if take rates are stable? Thanks.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Tom. I'll take the first one on TripAssist and I'll let Dan take the second one. I think one of the headlines is TripAssist is still very early, and as Steve would tell you, they're still rolling out the product. It's important to understand that TripAdvisor makes up low single-digit percentage of our business, and TripAssist within our TripAdvisor business is a small percentage of our business. We have found at least we're happy with the brand impact. That was one of the reasons we did that. We're happy with the consumer behavior we see, but it's still small, and to be honest if it becomes two or three times the size it is today, it's still quite small for us from a materiality perspective. Again, we're happy with the execution. The teams have been connecting really well and we're curious to see how big it can become.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: And on your second question, Tom, if you look at the gross bookings we generated in Q4 and the take rate, the revenue that will ultimately generate from those, the rate is stable. So it's really just a book versus stay difference. We typically see this when we have a quarter where we accelerate to the extent that we did, but due to the lag between when the booking occurs and travel occurs, the growth in gross profit typically lags that growth in gross bookings. And in particular the strength at the end of the quarter last month will benefit to a greater extent Q1 and beyond than Q4.
Thomas White - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're welcome.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies. You may begin.
Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC: Thanks, guys. Maybe on OpenTable – first, congrats to Christa as she stepped into that OpenTable CEO role this quarter. You've mentioned OpenTable international expansion in 2016. Can you remind us how many countries they're in currently and where do you see opportunities for expansion? And then along the same lines, there are many players that are attacking that local reservation market on a global basis, how important are the relationships there versus maybe having an all-encompassing platform with reviews, with reservations and maybe even with delivery options, or does it come down to having the best tech and the best competitive rates? Thanks.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thanks, Brian. Yeah. As mentioned in my prepared remarks, we feel really good about where OpenTable is. We knew at the time we acquired it that we might have to make some changes in leadership. Christa has done an awesome job. The team hit all of its Q4 KPIs and these are all about how do we get medium to long term momentum. We are currently primarily in the United States, we also have operations in Japan, the U.K., Germany, we've made an acquisition of AS Digital that put us into Australia. There are also by the way a number of restaurants that use OpenTable software all around the world, although we may not have a consumer-facing site. The whole process of globalizing OpenTable has been – you'll see recently their latest app update allows Americans to book in London. You'd think that was the simplest thing and that should have been done years ago, but there you go. It's done now, and this allows the app to become global. There's more things around languages as well so that if you go to book a restaurant in Germany and you're from the United States, you'll be able to see the menu and the product in English. And that's the kind of work that's going on and as that re-platforming gets done and we expect that work to be done in this year, then we have some amazing tools to be able to offer both the software proposition to restaurants as well as the demand proposition. You'll see on Booking.com, for instance, if you search New York, we've got a beautiful little ad there that says, hey, book a restaurant in New York for OpenTable, those things we found to be positive experiments. So that's where we are. I'm optimistic. I think ultimately there is a traveler network effect, restaurants are more local business than say hotel staying of course, but on the other hand, transient travelers are extremely valuable to restaurants. I man, selling those last few tables can often be the difference between making money and not making money and they realize that those travelers have choice and they're relatively not near as informed as maybe local people and we think that's a valuable business. And we're seeing good results so far but there's still a lot more work to do.
Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thanks Darren.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Naved Khan with Cantor Fitzgerald. You may begin.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Thanks. The growth in properties continues to be pretty strong. Darren, can you add some color as to where you are adding more properties, which regions you see more strength in?
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, okay. Thanks, Naved. So, the really important math here is the diversity in properties and rooms. And we talked about the 22.6 million rooms we have on our website. In Europe, we are actually still adding a lot of properties but because this is our most mature market those properties are becoming smaller and smaller. By the way they are still tremendously valuable because all of these smaller properties add tremendous diversity to our accommodation base, therefore being able to fit very specific needs. They also help us in low availability times. If there's a conference or something, these properties could help fill demand when you're in a supply-constrained environment. So Europe is a lot of properties that are getting smaller and smaller, and that's the nature of the European business. For instance, in Italy at a time we're adding 100 properties a day because these are very small properties in small places, kind of mom-and-pop operated type product. In other parts of the world, we're still adding many large, multi-room. I think India and China, in particular. China, we've entered the year with about 6,500 properties, exited the year with 35,000 properties, a lot of that was organically built. In China we have a lot more to do just adding really large hotels and properties. The challenge in China is making sure you have enough domestic demand to fill those. Inbound China is not a huge market, but domestic China is a huge market. And we're filling those beds through partnerships within China including our relationship with Ctrip. India is another one that just seems to have unending potential for us and we are busy there building out that marketplace. I'd say another part of the world is Africa, Central America; these are areas still where we're adding hotels. But at some point, we will have most of the world's hotels and then there's still a lot of extra property count in these single-owner, single-apartment type products, almost endless to some degree it seems. But we're having to add those a room/property at a time and that's obviously important and tough work.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Okay. That's very helpful. And then one follow up, earlier in your previous calls, Darren, you've talked about how Europeans were sort of more inclined to stay within Europe just because of maybe FX becoming somewhat of a headwind to travel abroad. What kind of flows are you seeing in terms of tourism or people sort of, staying within boundaries or not?
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Thanks, Naved. There's two effects we always see of currency. One is the absolute level of the currency and the other issue is volatility. And a lower euro has a big impact, but it's also the movement in the euro because people need to get used to the fact that the euro is now a $1.11 and no longer $1.35. So we certainly see now that the euro has stabilized that that's had a positive impact on year-over-year base of Europeans starting to travel back to America, starting to travel to the UK, starting to travel to higher currency zones. I think the other point that Dan made, the KAYAK data, that shows that flights are down 15% year-over-year; that actually plays into the travel budget as well. So we're seeing more positive flows of Europeans into these higher currency markets. It certainly hasn't recovered to the time of the $1.35 euro, but it's more positive than it was a year ago. That said, intra-EU travel is still – we're seeing very positive impacts there. There's a number crises in the world, Tunisia, Egypt, even Turkey. The positive there for us is that many of these markets are wholesale package travel markets. We have properties there but they're traditionally sort of the Thomas Cook's, the Tuohy's (33:17) of the world and a lot of that travel is now ending up in Italy and Spain and southern France and that's more of a retail market that plays also to our strength and that's another trend we've been seeing recently.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray. You may begin.
Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Good morning. Just one question, I know you aren't guiding beyond Q1, but high level how are you thinking about go-forward operating margin trends as we lap the acquisitions which could help non-advertising operating leverage balance with dynamics of advertising ROIs and the related impact on advertising expense leverage or deleverage in 2016?
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: Hi, Mike. We don't have guidance for you beyond Q1, but as we said on previous calls, we expect that we can deliver operating leverage in the non-ad OpEx over time. The business is growing fast, it's scalable and so even with the investments that we're making to drive growth in the future, we think that we can deliver leverage there. Off-line advertising, we're going to heavy up in periods where we think we've got good creative and it's moving the needle for us, but over the long term we expect that we would have leverage there too. We'll hit a level of spending that we think is the right level in a market and we'll hit the number of markets that we think we should be in and then our business should continue to grow faster than our spend would. So then the biggest expense is also the biggest variable and that's the online advertising. We're very pleased with what we've seen with the efficiency over the last couple of quarters, but we've had three years before that of seeing pressure on that metric and pressure on ROIs year-over-year. And so it's difficult to predict what will happen there for the future. I have great confidence that we are probably better positioned than anybody else in the market with the most choices to try and convert that paid traffic into a booking on the best websites, the best converting websites from a desktop and mobile perspective with the most clever advertising teams really tailoring our bidding approach and using best-in-class tools to make sure that we spend our money efficiently. So I like our competitive hand there, but I think that it's very difficult to predict exactly how it's going to play out in the future. We have a couple of good quarters in the books there.
Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets. You may begin.
Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Let me try two questions please. Booking.com for Business, it's something that seems to be – I mean, you've had it for a while but you maybe have emphasized it a little bit more these last two quarters, so could you talk about the growth strategy there and how material that is to business today? And then secondly, the China outbound market, I know you've called out the Chinese New Year for Q1 and I know this is still a relatively small part of your business, but could you also talk about the materiality there and anything unusual you're seeing in terms of the growth of that segment, particularly the China outbound market? Thank you.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thanks a lot, Mark. So Booking.com for Business, it's worth giving a little bit of background. So we – our sites has primarily been targeted at leisure and over time we've seen more customers come in for business purposes. And that's when we started to make some changes to our site and see if we could get positive conversion and that seem to work. So now you can go on to our site and say am I traveling for leisure or business, if you pick business we highlight things important to business people and they seem to like that. We've also discovered that about 20% of our business is business bookings versus leisure bookings. And the thesis of course is that nobody really knows, but maybe half of travels business, it could be more or less than that, but that points to a pretty big opportunity if we serve the customer wealth. So then secondly, we built a very simple tool that allows the systems to book for business people, it allows you to track budgets, it allows a manager to track where all their people are from a care of duty perspective and now we're also optimizing that tool. We are seeing that our business bookings are growing faster than our leisure bookings which means they're taking share on the site, that's what we want to see. But it's a process of optimization in investment and obviously, if you just think of the sheer size of the numbers going from 20% to 50% for instance, that's a huge opportunity, but we're approaching it in a very typical Booking.com Priceline Group way, which is many small steps, lots of optimization. And we are feeling positive. I think it'll be one of those things that continues to contribute. There's no massive revolutionary move, but more an evolutionary optimization and today feeling great about the progress, but a lot more to do. Your second question, China outbound, some of it's hard to pick through because of Chinese New Year, it's just such a big holiday, and you guys have seen the pictures on the Internet and the train stations full of hundreds of thousands of people. It was another great Chinese New Year, but the real question is where do things swing out? We did see, let's say, a little bit of softness. Now, with China softness is all relative. It's still a fast-growing market, but a little bit of softness in outbound in kind of Q3, Q4, a strong Chinese New Year, and then we have to see from there where it goes. Obviously, the situation in China and the headlines can also rattle travelers, we haven't seen any large material effect. And I also believe our long-term thesis around China certainly hasn't changed. They are the world's largest outbound travelers, and we're going to continue to try to take a bigger share of that business going forward.
Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you, Darren.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs. You may begin.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks. I know chain hotels are a much smaller part of your mix, but Hilton in particular has been kind of vocal over the last few months about ending last room night availability, and MFN pricing. And they now seem to be getting pretty aggressive in marketing their channels against the OTAs. What do you believe is driving these efforts? And are you seeing any other chains beginning to make similar moves?
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Heath. Yeah, as you point out, depending on what you call a chain, we booked 10% to 15% of our business as a combination of global and regional chains. And we're always in contract negotiations with the chains. In fact our take rate is quite stable. With many chains we never or had last room availability, but over time they've given us more availability, partly because it's good business. We bring in a transient traveler. Very few of our travelers stay at the same hotel twice. And this is valuable business because it's incremental. I think what you are seeing is discomfort with maybe the way the world is changing, but you should know our relationships are quite tight. There's also a difference between the chain and the owner of the hotel. I mean, the owner of the hotel wants more of this kind of business, and most of them want to lean into our model. For me, the average chain hotel only gets about half of the business that should be coming to us, partly because of all of these restrictions that are put on it. But many chain owners are also agitating to make sure they get their fair share because the business they're not getting is either going to another chain or it's going to an independent hotel. So, yeah, I don't appreciate some of the actions that get taken at the chain level at times, but our relationships on a day-to-day basis are actually quite constructive and cordial, and our Chain business is actually quite healthy. They have great product, our customers want the product. And most of our customers when they come to Washington DC for instance, they're not looking for the Hilton or the Marriott in Washington, they're looking for a great bed in Washington. And our ranking system presents to them business is well priced. And if the product is not well priced or it's not available, it's not going to convert, and therefore it won't be presented to the customer. That's basically the way it works. And I'm always hopeful we can work through many of these issues when they arise.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks, Darren. I appreciate the color.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Justin Post with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. You may begin.
Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Darren, maybe you could comment a little bit about your philosophy on vacation rentals charging the owner as opposed to the renter? Obviously, one of your competitors is going through a transition, why you like that business model? And then Dan, could you quantify at all the Paris impact in Q4? And maybe the Easter impact in Q1? And then Europe really had some good RevPAR over the summer last year. I know you won't guide 2Q or 3Q, but how do you think about those comps in Europe as you approach the summer? Thank you.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks Justin. Our model, partly the reason we get to our model is we default to it. That's the way and our entire business works. But if you look at our take rate in vacation rentals where we are charging the vacation rental owner and HomeAway or Airbnb, we'll charge a lot to the consumer. The take rates are actually quite equivalent when you look at the total take rate. I think anyone would rather charge to the owner, but if you don't have instantly verifiable deal then you might be worried that the owner is going to say, well, the person never showed up or he didn't stay or we didn't close the transaction. So we're actually in an enviable position to be able to do it the way we do. Obviously, I don't think I've ever met a consumer who likes to pay fees, and we're betting that consumers won't want to pay fees, but more importantly what we're trying to do is make booking a vacation rental or a home or an apartment as easy as booking a hotel room with the same level of trust, with the same feeling like you're going to get what you pay for. There's no post-negotiation on price, which happens sometimes on an on-request model. There's no post-negotiation. Maybe I want you to stay, or actually my room is not available now. And I believe that's where the model will ultimately end up. Getting from where we are today to where we need to there's certainly still a lot of friction, but we're finding pretty positive response to this model and it also, I think, is a nice way to set expectations with both the booker and the place that they're booking. And so we're sticking with that model. It seems to be working for us, but still a lot of work to do. But we're playing sort of a long game here that I think that more experience-centric friction-free models are the future versus how the business is being done today.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: And then your other question, Justin. So Paris impact, I did say in my prepared remarks that we saw about two or three weeks after the attack where our global room night growth rate dropped by more than 10 percentage points. And that was a combination of less people booking and significant increase in cancellations of bookings or that were already in our system. But then such a solid bounce back in December and such a great quarter overall from a top line and bottom line perspective that we didn't go and try to quantify any kind of an EBITDA impact to report to you. I don't feel like there's really anything to explain there, so I feel good with the quarter that we delivered despite the impact. For Easter, we don't have a number there either. I mean, there's a lot of travel that happens right around Easter and we expect that that will move from Q2 last year into Q1, but there are other breaks that people get that are just kind of around the time of Easter, or – I know for my kids, their break is still going to be in April this year, so I don't know that we could precisely quantify for you the exact impact there. But it is beneficial to revenue in Q1. It will be a little bit of a detriment to revenue in Q2. From a gross profit perspective – sorry, gross bookings perspective, it's probably a little bit net negative to Q1 and that during that period where people are traveling the bookings really drop off to a lower level because they're not booking while they're traveling. So that is the way to think about that in terms of gross bookings. And then summer comps, yeah, it was a very strong summer season for us. It's too early to predict now. We're not giving guidance for summer, but we said in our prepared remarks we feel pretty good about the macro travel environment right now and hope that will continue into the summer and paired with lower fuel prices, lower airline ticket prices, hopefully mean some good tailwinds for summer travel.
Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Douglas Anmuth with JPMorgan. You may begin.
Douglas T. Anmuth - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to go back, Dan, to the comments kind of post-Paris and the 10 points of impact that you mentioned, and just in particular was there something that you can point out that drove such a strong bounce back in terms of business? And was there anything that you guys did marketing or promotion-wise that really contributed there? And then secondly if you could give us an update on the BookingSuite business as well? Thanks.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: So in terms of Paris, there was nothing – I mean, our approach with advertising day in and day out is very consistent. So we're looking to generate as much business as we can at a reasonable ROI, and we didn't change anything that caused the trajectory of the business to change. That was consistent. And I think it's just amazing the resilience of people, that even a horrific event like those attacks in Paris, in a relatively short amount of time people became comfortable again with the idea of traveling. Paris still isn't back to where it was pre-attack for us as a share of our business, but has bounced back from where it was. And so I think we benefit also from being a global player with so many different choices where people can travel to, but if they're not comfortable with a particular destination they can find other places where they may feel more comfortable with traveling. So really just the resilience would be the one thing that we'd point to that, thank God there were no additional attacks and so the business bounced back.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: On Just on BookingSuite, we feel really good about the business. We don't have any numbers to share for competitive reasons. But we've built up a team, we added a new product, PriceMatch, it's a revenue management cloud-based tool, in 2015, which has been a nice addition. But generally, the demand for the product is very high and it's been as much an issue, how do we fulfill the demand for the team. But I'm proud of where it's at and we hope 2016 will be another big year for BookingSuite.
Douglas T. Anmuth - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you, both.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ken Sena with Evercore Partners. You may begin.
Ken Sena - Evercore Group LLC: Hi. Thank you. Can you maybe just, in terms of the bookings acceleration, talk a little bit more maybe about the vacation rental contribution, and maybe the opportunity there? And then anything on the hotel room night side also? And then you mentioned that IB for TripAdvisor won't be a significant, it won't offer significant impact to the top line or add efficiency, but maybe can you expand on that a bit from a branding standpoint and how satisfied you are with the partnership right now, or the product? Thank you.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think I can take both of those, Ken. Well, on vacation rentals generally, and I would say self-catered product, as well is what we call it, this includes apartments and homes and aparthotels, that part of the market has traditionally had a lot more friction in it than the hotel booking side. And as that friction gets removed you begin to see growth. Certainly, there is the Airbnb effect of this being a new way to travel, but more importantly for large groups, families; booking a self-catered product or a home is actually a really good deal, the price value equation looks great. But it's always had all kinds of friction around, well, is it going be there? Where does my money go? They want a deposit, et cetera, et cetera. And as we remove those points of friction, we're seeing good growth in that area. I don't have any numbers to share but that space is growing faster than our core business, which is what you would hope. And we feel like we have plenty of demand as we get ready supply to fill those rooms with guests who are looking for them. The other question was on Instant Book, yeah, it's still very early days, but we're happy with the way that TripAdvisor has fulfilled their side of the deal. The branding looks great. It seems to, particularly in the U.S. market where the early rollout has been, where the Booking.com brand is not as strong, I think that's helped us a lot. They're now rolling out in the markets maybe where we're stronger, maybe we'll help them a bit, where our brand might even be stronger than TripAdvisor's. But I think from a mutual perspective, it's been positive. There's a lot yet to optimize, but we sort of think about it as, wow, we've got an ad and we have a performance tool to drive more business and that's always a real positive thing for the company. I'm still, by the way, optimistic, still very supportive and let's see where things end up as Steve and his team get to roll this product out to more markets.
Ken Sena - Evercore Group LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Lloyd Walmsley with Deutsche Bank. You may begin.
Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks for taking the questions; two if I can. First, just there's been a lot of changes in rate parity regulations in France and Germany and wondering if you guys are seeing any discernible trends in how hotels in France may be responding to the Macron Law, how it's impacting conversion and how you think this ultimately plays out in the E.U.? And then second question, similar, the Innovation Box tax regime in the Netherlands seems like it's in a bit of flux, can you just give us a sense of how much of your pre-tax income flows through at the reduced tax rate and how you think either rates or the magnitude of the shield are likely to change over the next few years? Or perhaps maybe grandfathering gives you a long period of time before you see this, any comments on either of those?
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. I will take the first one, Dan you take the second. We haven't seen any major impacts, but it's been a great experimental bed and I think one of the biggest learnings, and I had mentioned this in a previous comment, is customers aren't going to overpay for product. So if the properties are free to price the product the way they went to price it, but if it's overpriced then it won't convert and then they don't get any business. So in a way, the marketplace has this self-actualization to it, regardless of what the rules are. We still believe parity is a very important construct. We think it frankly offers a lot of opportunity also for the properties to have a level playing field so that we're not using our margins to undercut them. But I'm now more comfortable with any regime that people realize that if you want to get bookings on Booking, you have to have a well-priced product, and the marketplace deals with that. And if you don't, then nothing sells. Conversion goes down. Your ranking goes down, and then you don't get any business. So it's been interesting. All of our checks would say that parity in France is at least if not more healthy than most of our markets in the world. And I think that's overall good news.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: And Lloyd, on your second question, Innovation Box, the 10-K will be out shortly and quantifies that exactly. So I'm going to leave it to the 10-K to take care that one for you. It's a significant benefit for us, as you point out. We have a risk factor in our 10-K that I'll also point you to that clearly delineates what we see as the risks related to the Innovation Box. We need to continue to qualify as being innovative, and we need to receive extensions from the Dutch tax authorities. We've done well with that since the advent of the Innovation Box. So I feel confident there. And then there's also developments at the OECD, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, where they're looking to harmonize tax treatment across European Union. And one of the things they're taking into consideration is these Innovation Box type regimes. And they've talked about doing away with them sometime in 2021. So that's certainly a risk out there. 2021 is still a long way away and tax is still subject to change, rates could change, and the OECD's interpretations could change. So those are the things that you should look to and, again, I'd refer you to the specific wording in the 10-K.
Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Peter Stabler with Wells Fargo Securities. You may begin.
Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions; a couple of quick ones. First, regarding the bidding program that allows your hotel partners to improve their ranking in the results, wondering if you could comment on the appetite you're seeing for that in the market? And is participation large enough here to impact blended take rates? Or is it really kind of a non-material service offering that you're presenting to the market? And secondly quickly, any expectation for negative impact due to Zika virus fears? Thanks.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay, Peter. So the first one I'll take. I think, first of all, it's important to understand how the ranking algorithm works. The primary driver of helping us get ranked is conversion. So it really is consumer interest, and you always have to be very careful on how you balance monetization with consumer interest, because if you overweight on monetization you can have a really poor quality result and then no one once wants to come to your website. So at least the way we've done it in the past is we have standard hotels and preferred hotels, and preferred hotels are only allowed to become preferred if they meet a number of experience criteria. And then they pay us a slightly higher commission and can often as much as double their bookings by being preferred. That's been our primary driver. The second one, we do allow some override, they're not used broadly, but a hotel can pay us even more commissions if they want. Say, it's a new hotel, they don't have a lot of reviews or something to try to get a slightly higher ranking, but we never allow them ultimately to buy the very top of the ranking from the very bottomed. It doesn't work that way. So we feel comfortable with the model that we have. I think it's a very – like in any auction site, you have to be really careful with this dial, because you think you might win a monetization, but if you crap up the product then you're not going to have any customers. So that's the way I think about it. And your next question was – Dan, I think you want to take Zika? Yeah.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: So Zika virus, Peter, thus far we haven't seen a significant impact. Most of the travel within southern hemisphere is from other destinations in southern hemisphere, so it's generally people traveling from an area that's been impacted to another area that's impacted. And so we haven't seen it as deterring travel. We don't want to predict what the impact could be for the future, but that's been the impact to-date.
Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks so much.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the Q&A session. I will now turn the call back to Darren Huston.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I guess just in conclusion, we're really pleased with the quarter. I hope you are. It's nice to end the year where we're growing faster than when we entered the year at our size and scale. We always are facing the law of large numbers, but a big thanks to all of our people and mostly just great execution and seeing a lot of growth initiatives begin to pay off is a great feeling. So thanks all for joining the call, and we'll see you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thanks for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-09 07:30:00) =====
Executives: Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts: Thomas White - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC Kenneth Sena - Evercore ISI Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Ron Victor Josey - JMP Securities LLC Mike J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Steven Zhu - Credit Suisse (Hong Kong) Ltd. Heath Patrick Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co. Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co. LLC
Operator: Welcome to The Priceline Group's Third Quarter 2015 Conference Call. The Priceline Group would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause the Group's actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statement at the end of the Group's earnings press release, as well as The Group's most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, The Priceline Group undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of The Group's earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement is available in the For Investors section of The Priceline Group's website, www.pricelinegroup.com. And now, I'd like to introduce The Priceline Group speakers for this afternoon, Darren Huston and Daniel Finnegan. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, thank you very much, and welcome to The Priceline Group's third quarter conference call. Thank you for joining us before the markets open this morning in New York. I'm here in Norwalk, Connecticut with Priceline's Group CFO, Dan Finnegan. Let me point out that due to technical difficulties at NASDAQ, our press release is only available under the Events & Presentations section of our website, pricelinegroup.com, and should be over the Newswire momentarily. The Group reported consolidated gross bookings for the third quarter of approximately $14.8 billion, up about 22% on a constant currency basis, or about 7% year-over-year in U.S. dollars. Our customers booked accommodation reservations for over 115 million room nights in the quarter, up 22% year-over-year. Gross profit was up 12%, or about 29% on a constant currency basis. EBITDA was also up 12%, to $1.6 billion. Non-GAAP earnings per share was $25.35, surpassing FactSet consensus estimates of $24.21 per share, and our guidance for the quarter. Our U.S. dollar denominated growth rates were again impacted substantially by the strong dollar, and this will continue into Q4 hopefully abating on a year-over-year comparable basis as we head into 2016. Our international business recorded 25% gross bookings growth on a constant-currency basis reflecting strong momentum at Booking.com. Booking.com's performance benefited from further penetration of its existing partner relationships, as well as growth and its accommodation supply. Booking.com's platform now has over 820,000 hotels and other accommodations in 220 countries and territories, up 38% over last year. Today, we are releasing data that shows how these properties represent a combined total of 21 million potentially bookable rooms. Of this number, 14.4 million are within our traditional hotel partners, 1.8 million are vacation rentals, for example, apartments, aparthotels, villas, chalets and other self-catered product, and the remaining 4.8 million are other multi-room unique properties, for instance, B&B's, guest houses, ryokans, riads, et cetera. Hopefully, this gives you a sense of the sheer scale of our accommodation platform, by far the largest directly bookable accommodation selection in the world and provides a better comparison to some of the other players in our space. And all of these different types of rooms are bookable with the least amount of friction on any platform; all without fees to consumers, and all with instant verification. We are also helping guests find and book accommodation on Booking.com at unprecedented levels. Since Booking.com's inception in 1996, we have helped more than 1 billion guests find a place to stay. And in just the last 12 months, 285 million guests stayed with us. Coincidentally, in 2015 OpenTable will also seat its one billionth diner as well. Two industry-leading double-sided marketplace platforms providing scaled experiences for users around the world. Following our successful launch of BookingSuite which continues to gain traction in the B2B arena, we recently introduced another important B2B innovation, Booking.com for Business. This new offering is geared to both the business traveler and the travel organizer. Our tools allow organizers to link travelers to the company account without losing oversight or to book on their behalf. Spending can be managed through budget filters and spending reports. All the company's hotel reservations can be viewed and managed in one place. And best of all, all enrolled Booking.com for business travelers automatically benefit from our rewards program including closed user group discounts and special benefits at over 100,000 select properties worldwide. We were aware that Booking.com had become a popular service for business travelers and we wanted to create an offering that was more tailored to their unique needs. We have high hopes for Booking.com for Business and early results are very encouraging. Booking.com's direct share of business continues to grow reflecting the solid retention of the loyal and satisfied customer base we've accumulated and nurtured over the past decade, as well as the offline advertising we're now conducting in eight major markets around the world. As our direct business grows so too does our investment in online paid channels. We are always looking for new sources of demand and ways to diversify our marketing mix. We invest our money in channels where we believe we can build our brand franchise for the long-term, while also earning an attractive ROI within the transaction. Consistent with these tenets, we agreed to participate in TripAdvisor's Instant Booking platform. Our agreement includes the prominent branding and marketing potential we require to begin participation. As with all of our channels, we'll experiment and optimize with partners at TripAdvisor and expect to achieve healthy ROIs while being given the opportunity bring new customers into our fold for the long-term. We will also work to make adjustments in a similar Instant Booking path we have at KAYAK, and are willing to work with other media owners who adopt similar principles that allow both the media owner and the advertiser an opportunity to promote differentiation in their branded offerings and to grow their businesses. Testing on TripAdvisor is scheduled to go live this week starting with a small sample. Let me also make a comment on China. First, we fully support the recent M&A activities specifically regarding eLong and Qunar buyer investment and commercial partner Ctrip. We hope that these will ultimately lead to a more rational market environment inside China. But outside of our Ctrip relationship, we are not standing still waiting either. For instance, we started 2015 with only 8,000 properties in China on Booking.com, and now it's over 25,000 properties. We expect this to grow rapidly over time in part with Ctrip's assistance. As well, Chinese customer growth has exceeded the overall growth in our business for many quarters now, and the Chinese are now the primary inbound nationality to many important destinations for us. The case of China is a good reminder that travel is inherently a non-local business. It's a global scale combined with win-win partnerships like we have with Ctrip, are critical for our mutual success. Some commentary now on the other brands of The Priceline Group; priceline.com posted modest growth in hotel and rental car reservation and in overall gross profit. With new leadership, we have been busy repositioning and reinvigorating our namesake brand. A critical platform migration of priceline.com is nearing its final phases, and the team is eager to start innovating at a faster pace as the new tech stack rolls out in early 2016. Agoda also had a challenging quarter and was negatively impacted by the August bombing in Bangkok and various currency headwinds. No strangers to challenge, the Agoda team continue to innovate in all aspects of its business and launched in October a substantially revamped mobile app. We are also seeing positive results from recent work to integrate Booking.com agency inventory into Agoda. Similarly, although we continued to see strong diner growth in OpenTable, the pace of innovation needs to be improved, and we've made a number of management changes as a result. In particular, Christa Quarles, OpenTable's Interim CEO, has done an outstanding job leading the team through this transition. We remain excited by the growth potential of OpenTable and are confident that a renewed focus will help us get on the right path to capitalize on its tremendous potential. Moving on to rentalcars.com and KAYAK, both brands delivered strong quarters. rentalcars.com posted solid unit growth despite a tough comp, while KAYAK made some important changes in the way it markets its business internationally, and as a result, accelerated on both the top and bottom lines. The Group performed well in the third quarter, and we believe our brands are taking the right actions to best maximize their share of their attractive and expanding online marketplaces. Booking.com has established clear global leadership in the online accommodations market, and we plan to continue to profitably invest to improve and extend our services and bring more consumers to our sites. Mobile execution remains a bright spot across our Group and we steadfastly adhere to our formula for earning our customers' loyalty through delivering best-in-class consumer experiences end-to-end and across devices. I would like to thank our employees around the world for their hard work and dedication in delivering terrific performance during our peak summer season. I will now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: Thanks, Darren. I'll discuss some of the highlights in operating results and cash flows for the quarter and then provide guidance for the fourth quarter of 2015. Throughout 2015, we've seen the strong U.S. dollar significantly impact our U.S. dollar reported results because about 90% of our gross bookings and operating income are generated by our international brands. Our two most impactful currencies, the euro and the British pound, were weaker by about 16% and 7% respectively for Q3 as compared to the prior year. Many other important currencies in which we transact were also significantly weaker versus the U.S. dollar this year in Q3 relative to last year. The strong U.S. dollar means our gross bookings, gross profit, operating expenses, adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP net income mathematically translate into significantly fewer dollars than they would have at last year's exchange rates for Q3 and Q4. Since our expenses are denominated in foreign currencies on a basis similar to our revenues, they will also translate into fewer dollars. Therefore, our operating margins are not significantly impacted by currency fluctuations, and we believe that the impact of currency on our bottom line is generally similar to the top line impact. The Priceline Group performed well for all these key metrics in Q3. Room nights booked grew by 22% in the third quarter, decelerating compared to the 26% growth rate for Q2. Rental car days grew by 13% in Q3 compared to Q2 growth of 20%. Average daily rates for accommodations, or ADRs, for Q3 2015, were up on a constant currency basis by slightly less than 2% for the consolidated Group. ADR trends expressed in U.S. dollars would obviously look significantly worse based upon the currency dynamics I just discussed. While we're in the midst of this period of extreme currency volatility, the fundamental performance of our business is still evident in our unit growth rates and our constant currency growth rates for gross bookings, international gross bookings and gross profit. Specifically, our Q3 gross bookings grew by about 22% on a constant currency basis, but by only about 7% expressed in U.S. dollars compared to prior year due to the stronger dollar. Similarly, international gross bookings grew by about 25% on a constant currency basis and by only about 8% expressed in U.S. dollars. Gross bookings for our U.S. business decreased by about 3%. Similar to recent quarters, the U.S. results are a mix of growth in retail room nights and rental car days, offset by declines in our Name Your Own Price services. In addition, lower airfares significantly impacted gross bookings growth, but have no impact on gross profit growth. Gross profit for the quarter for The Priceline Group was $2.9 billion and grew by about 29% on a constant currency basis, and by 12% in U.S. dollars compared to prior year. Our international operations generated gross profit of $2.6 billion, which grew by about 29% on a constant currency basis, and by 11% in U.S. dollars compared to the prior year. Gross profit for our U.S. operations, including OpenTable's U.S. business, amounted to $335 million, which represented 22% growth versus prior year. OpenTable generated total worldwide revenue in Q3 of about $65 million. Excluding the beneficial $13.7 million impact of a favorable travel transaction tax ruling in Hawaii, U.S. gross profit grew by 17%. Our gross profit take rates were broadly stable, as they have been for quite some time now. We believe that our revenue margins have been sustainable due to our position as a lower cost distribution channel that drives significant demand to our accommodation partners. A highlight for the quarter was operating margins that exceeded our guidance and were slightly better than last year. Non-GAAP operating income amounted to 53.7% of non-GAAP gross profit for Q3. Margins benefited as our marketing teams did a good job driving traffic, with a nice balance between top line and bottom line growth. Margins also reflect the benefit of strong gross profit flow-through. The combination of 29% constant currency gross profit growth with stable operating margins results in strong bottom line profit performance. Adjusted EBITDA for Q3 amounted to $1.6 billion, which exceeded the top end of our guidance range of $1.525 billion and grew by 12% versus prior year despite the significant negative foreign currency translation impact of the stronger U.S. dollar. Non-GAAP net income increased by 10% and non-GAAP EPS grew by 14% including interest expense from our recent bond offerings and the beneficial impact of lower share count from stock repurchases. In terms of cash flow, we generated approximately $1.3 billion of cash from operations during third quarter 2015 which is about 1% above last year, and is also impacted by unfavorable foreign exchange rate translation. We invested $42 million in CapEx and repurchased 985,000 shares of common stock for $1.17 billion in Q3. Thus far in Q4, we have purchased about 400,000 more shares of our common stock for $520 million. Year-to-date through Friday, total cash returned to shareholders is about $2.8 billion. Our cash and investments amounted to $9.4 billion at September 30, 2015, with about $700 million of that balance in the U.S. Now for Q4 guidance. We often get questions from analysts and investors trying to understand the size of the accommodation market and our share of room night reservations. Darren just pointed out that the accommodations on our websites have about 21 million rooms. We internally estimate our market share by multiplying this figure by 365, and then dividing the sum into our annual room nights. This math implies a mid-single digit market share, which I believe highlights the opportunity for us to continue to grow our share with existing partners, while our supply teams also continue to aggressively add new partners. Our quarter is off to a strong start as is evident in our guidance. Our guidance assumes that our growth rates will decelerate as we progress through the quarter mainly due to the size of our business and consistent with long-term trends. We have not yet launched our recently announced advertising placement on TripAdvisor Instant Book. We are confident that this will be another way for us to reach travelers in a branded fashion with reasonable ROIs. Our forecast for the quarter assumes that TripAdvisor Instant Book will not have a significant impact on our top line growth or add efficiency. Our Q4 forecast assumes foreign exchange rates of $1.07 per €1, and $1.51 per £1 for the remainder of the quarter which would result in average exchange rates that would be weaker by about 13% for the euro and about 4% for the British pound as compared to the prior year. I also highlight that the euro and British pound, as well as several other important currencies for our business, including the Brazilian real, the Russian ruble and the Australian dollar have devalued compared to the U.S. dollar since we reported earnings in August, and when most analysts last updated their forecasts. Overall since that point in time, we estimate that foreign exchange rate fluctuations have negatively impacted our Q4 U.S. dollar forecasted results by about 2%. As a result of exchange rate fluctuations, our gross bookings, gross profit, operating expenses, adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP net income will mathematically translate into significantly fewer dollars than they would have at last year's exchange rates for Q4. Barring further deterioration in exchange rates, we believe that year-over-year currency comps will become less challenging after Q4. For Q4 guidance, we are forecasting total gross bookings to grow by 13% to 20% on a constant-currency basis, and by 1% to 8% in U.S. dollars. With U.S. gross bookings down by 5% to 10% compared with prior year. We expect international gross bookings to grow by 17% to 24% on a constant-currency basis and by 3% to 10% in U.S. dollars. Our Q4 forecast assumes that constant currency ADRs for the consolidated Group will be up by less than 2% compared to the prior period. We expect Q4 revenue to grow year-over-year by approximately 1% to 8%. We expect gross profit to grow by 14% to 21% on a constant-currency basis, and by 3% to 10% in U.S. dollars. We expect that declines in our Name Your Own Price services will negatively impact revenue growth rates in Q4. We expect about 140 bps of deleverage in non-GAAP operating margins compared to prior year, expressed as non-GAAP operating income as a percentage of gross profit. The deleverage is mainly attributable to our assumptions for online ad efficiency and OpEx. Our online advertising efficiency forecast, as usual, assumes deterioration from current levels and provides us with flexibility in a dynamic market to follow our consistent approach of advertising our brands at reasonable ROIs. OpEx leverage has improved compared to earlier in the year as we have left the OpenTable and BookingSuite acquisitions. We are committed to controlling non-advertising OpEx and expect these expenses to generally grow more slowly than our gross profit in the future, although there could be quarterly variations from time-to-time as we invest to be ready for growth. This cost discipline together with industry-leading operating margins allows us to lean-in more aggressively when we see opportunities to advertise our brands to drive growth. Our adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $710 million and $760 million, which at the midpoint is an increase of 3% versus prior year. We estimate that the currency impact on EBITDA growth is similar to the impact that we are forecasting for gross profit. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax rate of approximately 17% comprised of international income taxes, and alternative minimum tax, and state income taxes in the U.S. We are targeting non-GAAP fully diluted EPS of approximately $11.10 to $11.90 per share, which at the midpoint is an increase of 6% versus prior year. Our non-GAAP EPS guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of 50.9 million shares based on yesterday's closing stock price and reflects the beneficial impact of the share repurchases we have made thus far this year. We forecast GAAP EPS between $9.10 and $9.90 per share for Q4. The difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP results is driven by non-GAAP adjustments that are detailed in our earnings release. Consistent with past practice, we have hedge contracts in place to substantially shield our fourth quarter EBITDA and net earnings from any further fluctuation in the euro and British pound versus the dollar between now and the end of the quarter. The hedges do not offset the impact of translation on our gross bookings, revenue, gross profit or operating income. They also do not hedge us against fluctuations and other currencies, and do not hedge our earnings beyond the fourth quarter. Our forecast does not assume any significant change in macroeconomic conditions. One housekeeping item, after reporting Q4, we will no longer report U.S. gross bookings as a separate statistical metric. We believe that the usefulness of this metric has diminished due to the relative size of our U.S. business to our consolidated results, and because two of our three U.S. businesses do not have gross travel bookings. We will continue to report revenue and gross profit for our U.S. business to give insight into its performance. We will now take your questions.
Operator: Thank you Our first question is from Tom White with Macquarie. You may begin.
Thomas White - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. Thank you for taking my question. Room nights, it looks like there was a bit of a slowdown there, also in international gross bookings growth ex-FX. But the international gross profit growth ex-FX remained strong and steady. I think it was 29% versus last quarter. So can you maybe just talk a little bit about the drivers of the delta there? Was it geographic mix, take rate improvements? Any impact from M&A? And then just on the U.S. business, and I think your largest competitor grew organic room nights something like 25% in the U.S. last quarter, impressive, given that that market is considered more mature. Just maybe an update around your U.S. business. Is it mostly priceline.com? Is it mostly Booking.com and kind of what's stopping you guys from getting your growth rates up to more competitive levels there? Thank you.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Well, thanks Tom. I'll let Dan take the first question. I'll take the second question.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: Hey, Tom. So on the first one, first of all, relative to the growth in Q3, we think our marketing teams did a great job of bringing traffic with a good balance between strong top line growth, and really strong bottom line growth, so we were happy with the margin performance and the top line performance in Q3. In terms of the difference between the growth rate and room nights and constant currency gross bookings growth versus our constant currency gross profit growth, there's a few things in there. First of all, there is little bit of an acquisition benefit, so we have about one percentage point of inorganic growth from the OpenTable acquisition, which benefits gross profit and has no impact on gross bookings. I mentioned for our U.S. business, and this partly answers your last question too, we had a significant step-down, 13% reduction in year-over-year airfares, which dramatically impacts gross bookings for the U.S. business, but has no impact on gross profit. And then lastly, and probably most significantly, is just we had two very strong quarters of accelerating growth for room nights and we're seeing the benefit of that now flow-through in Q3 together with just a strong performance relative to our forecast for bookings that came over the trends from after we gave guidance and actually checked out in Q3.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, and just building on Dan's point, the U.S. growth numbers you see do not include Booking.com, and we feel very good about our Booking.com business in the U.S. There's two things I would comment. One is, our U.S. inbound, which obviously has been weaker because of the strong dollar, and we do particularly well with Europeans and South Americans coming into the U.S., but still, we put some pretty solid numbers on the board. And the other way to look at the business is U.S. as bookers, which grew even faster than U.S. as a destination and we were serving U.S. bookers not just for booking in the United States, but also overseas. So overall we feel great about our U.S. business, but there's a lot more to do. It's one of the big markets where we are definitely under indexed, and we feel like we have a good set of cards to be able to continue to compete in the U.S. and North American markets going forward.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: And Tom, just a follow-up to my answer. You asked about take rates. As I said in the prepared remarks, our take rates were stable. So that was not a driver of the gross profit growth in excess excessive gross bookings growth.
Thomas White - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies. You may begin.
Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC: Thanks, guys. I had a couple questions around Instant Book. Can you talk a little bit more maybe about the decision process to move forward there? You mentioned the requirement for prominent branding. How different are the mechanics there versus what you do with KAYAK? And then, at the end of the day, do you kind of view it as it's just another ad format where you can proactively judge the ROI of the channel and you can adjust exposure to that type of format accordingly? I mean, you still own the hotel and the customer relationship, so a little bit about that please?
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, thanks Brian. So we – if you – KAYAK was actually the original player to create an Instant Book path, and frankly speaking it's not a very well-branded path. And before we bought KAYAK, we had also decided not to participate in that. We participated in it, and then there was a proliferation of these concepts in various meta partners. I'd say TripAdvisor probably the one taking it on most. So we've stayed out of it mostly as we watched the performance of KAYAK, but we wanted to make sure we had an any future Instant Book partnership with first of all great branding, and secondly, the ability to market to the guests that book on our platform. And over the course of over 12 months, we finally came to an agreement where we think we can achieve that. We also believe we're going to get good ROIs off of the TripAssist platform. We think the branding's going to help us, and we also believe that we've protected our content. We don't want our content being used to help other people book. We want our content to be used to help us book, and I think working with TripAdvisor we came to a nice – a good compromise agreement that allows us to achieve that. It also helps TripAdvisor in their strategic move to try to do more on mobile and other kind of small-screen real estate. So overall, we're really positive. As I said, you guys will be able to see it very soon. We're beginning to test on small samples this week with TripAdvisor, and I'm now quite excited that this will be a nice new addition to places that we can get branded bookings from across our various marketing partners.
Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thanks, Darren.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Eric Sheridan with UBS. You may begin.
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC: So maybe just following up on that, wondering long-term, when you think about these platforms for sort of book on Trip or book on Google, how do you think about the ROI developing long-term on these platforms, and the interplay between auction and commission rates on those platforms? And then maybe just one quick follow-up on health of consumer. Curious if there were any comments you had around the health of the consumer travel trends you saw coming out of the summer season, especially in Europe? Thanks.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, okay. So let me take both those questions. We are on margin ROI agnostic across various sources of demand. Of course, there are types of demand that work well for us where we will get really healthy customer repeat, that we like the way that the channel's working that we might lean-in a little bit more. And then other channels where we may be getting customers, but we don't like the nature of the customer or they're not repeating in the right fashion, then we'll lean back from that. So we're agnostic in that sense. I think the TripAssist execution is one that we would like to use across other partners. We will make some changes on KAYAK. We have been working very closely with Google, with trivago, other players. And I don't think it's going to enhance our lives. I don't think it will bleed away from our lives, and we're going to have to watch as these things come together and we really get used to the consumer behavior, and whether or not this is a channel we will lean-in to or lean back from. But overall, we always try to earn money on every transaction regardless, and this will be a net positive from a cash flow standpoint for us, although not extremely material given kind of the size and scale of our business today. And then just some comments, geographically, we saw a lot of strength in many areas of the market that we saw earlier in the year. Japanese inbound, China outbound continues to be very strong. UK and U.S. outbound, because both had relatively strong currencies relative to where they were traveling to. Europe, we're seeing some pretty promising trends in Southern Europe; now Greece had a big issue as you know earlier in the summer, but Spain and Italy were both big positives for us in the summer. Maybe there was a bit of travel moving around, but most people in the Eurozone stayed in Europe, and many people came into the Eurozone, so it was a very strong summer in that respect. I'd say, challenges, you have these spot crises going on. We now have this one in Egypt. You saw in Tunisia, the Greek crisis. Russia, generally inbound-outbound is a challenge. There is a lot of travel going on in domestic Russia, but you guys know that whole story. Southeast Asia had the bombing, and then you had MERS in Korea. Those were also negatives in the quarter, but overall, we run a very global and diversified business. So I would say this is certainly our best summer ever if you look at just the volume of business we did, the profitability of the business. And we've now been able to – our business is such we can take advantage of both the positives and clean-up the negative. And going into Q4, we're feeling really good about the overall travel environment. I always remind people that travel is all about headlines. People lose security when they see negative headlines. And when the headlines are generally not negative, they don't even have to be positive, then people will travel. And we continue to see very positive trends going into Q4 as well.
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Naved Khan with Cantor Fitzgerald. You may begin.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Yeah, thanks. Darren, how do you balance sort of the visibility you have on the TripAdvisor meta auction versus now your participation in Instant Book? How do you sort of decide where do you want to play more? And then in terms of just the cost side of the integration, are there any one-time costs that are baked into your 4Q guidance for the Instant Book?
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Your first question, I didn't -
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: Balance between meta and Instant Book.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Oh, balance between meta and Instant Book. Okay. Well first, I'll take the second question first, there aren't really any costs. There wasn't a lot of dev work that had to happen to make the Instant Book path work. We've been working with TripAdvisor very closely, and already have established fees and things like that. So that was not a big cost on our side. Yeah, certainly, when we look at all of our sources of paid demand, we're always looking for the right balance. We tend to prefer blue links, I call them, versus paths where somebody else tries to build a booking path, probably because we think our booking path is the absolute best in the industry, or an agency model. So we use the credit card as a form of guarantee, not a form of payment. These are all reasons why these Instant Book paths at times have not been as strong of opportunities for us as blue links or meta links. On the other hand, there are some benefits in terms of the branding and the marketing and also the connectedness that we will be showing with TripAdvisor, because when they pick you to do their Instant Book, they're basically saying, hey, here's a great preferred partner to do business with. And that positive shine on us as well as TripAdvisor, I think, is something that we're going to have to see how that works over time. And I'm actually kind of excited to see that, because in a way, we never really – in many of our other channels we don't get that kind of endorsement. But in an Instant Book path, that is one of the positives, given that it's a branded path, that we're looking forward to. And you guys will be able to see again very soon what that looks like, and you'll get a better sense of what I'm referring to.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Okay. Thanks. And then quickly on the – I think you mentioned a new tech stack for priceline.com which you're launching. So can you elaborate a little bit on that and what do you expect to see there?
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, priceline has been an outstanding business for many, many years. But we found that the tech stack wasn't near as flexible and fungible as for instance, the tech stacks we have at Booking.com or even rentalcars.com. So now that we're getting into that, it'll be – we've already had an experimentation framework, but it is just a much more flexible stack to allow for much more rapid philosophy in innovation, and we hope in Q1 that will be fully in place. Paul who's leading that business has decided to put the focus there. Forever, we had sort of two stacks running in parallel and now we'll be able to go onto a single stack that'll also increase innovation speed so people aren't creating code for two different stacks of software. It's not the funnest thing to go through, but we're seeing the light at the end of the tunnel, and we expect hopefully to get some good innovation velocity out of that, and certainly the team at priceline.com is very excited to get through this process.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Thank you.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets. You may begin.
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Two questions please. First has to do with consumer fees. Darren, you mentioned earlier that you're not charging consumer fees, do you? And there's two, you know, Expedia, HomeAway talk about doing that with the HomeAway asset, and obviously Airbnb is doing that. Is it something that your research indicates is important to consumers? And is that why you're sticking with it or do you think that that's something you could toggle on at some point? And then could you also secondly just talk about Facebook as a marketing channel and any new thoughts you've had on that? Thank you.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thanks, Mark. Basically, in vacation rentals, we're building a very different product than what Airbnb has, or what HomeAway has. And our whole business is based on no fees for consumer. So it wasn't a strategic move. It's just a reflection of the way that our business works, and we charge our accommodation partners between 12% and 15% commission, so that's where the take rate is. When you're in a classified ad business, it's more difficult to get that kind of take rate from the accommodation partner, so many players will try to also charge a fee or increase fees to consumers. We certainly believe that having a no-fee product drives conversion for us, but we obviously have the benefit of having a digital calendar and an instantly verifiable booking, even the online bookings on HomeAway are on request – or on Airbnb, are on request, so the whole process where the consumers are still deciding, and the properties still deciding whether they want the product that they booked. So no, we feel really good about our positioning. It's more just reflective of the way our entire business works on Booking.com, but if you look at the way their competitive landscape is shaping up, we feel great that our product is both something the consumers love, but is also has the least friction of any of the products in the market. And then your next question on Facebook as a marketing platform, we have been doing more and more business with Facebook. Most of it though is in the category or re-messaging or re-targeting. It's not really in the big sweet spot which is intent-based marketing. That's really what search gives you is intent-based marketing. Somebody types in, I want a hotel in New York, and then you are responding to that request. But the folks at Facebook very much understand this. They're working to try to win that kind of businesses. It's direct response business, it's a big prize for any marketing channel, and we're also trying to work with other large audience versus in Silicon Valley to try to get out that Holy Grail of intent-based marketing. It's really valuable to us as it is to any of them and we're one of the world's best at it. And I feel like it's a little bit strange the advertiser is going and working with the media partner to figure these things out, but there's a lot to be gained by both, and I'll look forward to seeing where it goes. I've been really pleased in particular with Facebook's cooperation is an area and we have engineers working with engineers which is usually a good sign that they're going to figure out something.
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you, Darren.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ken Sena with Evercore ISI. You may begin.
Kenneth Sena - Evercore ISI: Hi. Thanks. On the U.S. bookings metric, I understand the limitations that you cite, but are there modifications to the metric that you considered before deciding to discontinue it? And maybe, as we look forward, maybe any substitute metrics that we might be able to have to kind of give us a sense of your traction in the U.S. more on the bookings basis? Thanks.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Hey, Ken. We could consider at some point giving some stats on the U.S. in terms of our total hotel business. We haven't until now, but as we've have given milestones like on the size of our European business, or our Latin America business. So I wouldn't preclude the possibility of us doing that at some point. We've opted not to do that as an ongoing metric. We split our business now based upon where the brand is located, and we've stuck with that for a long time, and we'll stick with that for the future. But we will consider that at some point in the future.
Kenneth Sena - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thank you.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Lloyd Walmsley with Deutsche Bank. You may begin.
Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. Going back to just online advertising, it looked like that as a percent of gross profit was only slightly higher than a year ago. How much of that was just more mature like, markets like Europe increasing the mix versus better efficiencies within those geographical regions?
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Dan, you want to take that?
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: Yeah, I won't parse our ROIs by region for you, Lloyd, but I'd just say we were very pleased with the performance that the marketing group delivered. We're pleased with top line growth, we're pleased with the improvement in ROIs that we saw in the quarter, and then that metric also benefited by some of that flow-through of bookings that we had made in prior quarters, incurred the advertising then, and recognized the gross profit as our customers traveled in Q3. So it was a good performance. I wouldn't split it by region for you.
Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah, okay. And then, if I can ask another on BookingSuite, can you just give us any sense for how big that might be right now in terms of the partnerships? And then, how you're kind of going to market with that? Are you leveraging your existing sales force, and kind of what are response rates like from hotels there?
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay, Lloyd. Yeah, overall our BookingSuite is going very well. For competitive reasons, we don't want to talk about how many contracts or anything, but we have multiples more than when buuteeq was an independent business. The way it's basically working is our account managers will introduce the concept of websites and other technical solutions to partners and then ask them would you like to hear more. And then we have a secondary team that will then speak with the partner about the offerings that we have. We started out with websites. We've now bought a company called PriceMatch out of France, so we're developing business intelligence tools. The ultimate goal of BookingSuite is to have a whole suite of products that meets the needs of accommodation partners in the cloud, and that's what we are building towards. So a lot of innovation happening in the business. I am very happy with where it is. It's not a big contributor to EBITDA or anything at this point, but it's on a good pace, and certainly ahead of where I thought it would have been at this point. It's really strategic for us. It's an area that getting into the software business scenario we can build close relationships with our partners and more to come.
Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ron Josey with JMP Securities. You may begin.
Ron Victor Josey - JMP Securities LLC: Great. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to switch topics and maybe ask about business travel. I think it's now 20% of bookings. Is it something that's ramped relatively recently for you all, and have you placed an emphasis on this before? I'm just wondering, 20% number seems very high. And then also wanted to ask about loyalty rates of these travelers, please, meaning, do you see them coming back in higher amounts for repeat usage? Thanks.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, thanks Ron. Yeah, we've – it's funny, before we launched Booking.com for Business, we had never really specifically targeted the business traveler, but we had a pretty good sense that business people were starting to show up to the platform. You see them using their business email address is the one indication we have. So starting about two years ago, we began to say, okay, how do we address the business traveler better? As you'll notice on our website, you don't even have to sign up for the tool, but if you say you're traveling on business, we'll highlight the hotels that are great for business people, we'll show you the review score just from business people, we'll show you amenities that business people care about, things like free Wi-Fi, breakfast, fitness facilities, things like that. That was the beginning of it. And then we started to see that people who marked their booking as business booking was growing faster than even leisure bookers. So then we built a really lightweight tool that helped the systems book on behalf of business bookers, help them track budgets, things like that. And then we saw another pretty good boost to the business. So yeah, it's one out of five today. There's various people who think that it should be, I would say, one out of two sometime in the long-term, because business is basically half of accommodations around the world. There's different reports. It might be 40%, might be 60%, but it's a wide variance. So we're going to continue to build in this space, but we've seen really positive traction. The benefits of business bookings to us are, generally they smooth out seasonality, which is nice; don't cancel as much, generally higher ADR than leisure bookings. So is a lot of positive benefits to business bookers, but I always remind people of is, every business person is a leisure traveler, not every leisure traveler is a business person. But when you do both kinds of travel, and if you're able to do them on one platform, there are a lot of benefits to that, and we of course give the tool for free, we give customer service for free, which is not the case with a lot of the travel management companies who support businesses today. So step-by-step, we're optimizing the product and we're quite optimistic about it for the future.
Ron Victor Josey - JMP Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray. You may begin.
Mike J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Hey, good morning. I have two questions. First, is there any detail that you could give us to quantify the impact that the bombing in Thailand had on Agoda during the quarter, and any impact that has on your guidance? And then secondly, when you talked about adding hotels in China, is that in partnership with Ctrip or are you adding that inventory independently from Ctrip? Essentially, what I'm wondering is if you're doing much or anything in China outside of your partnership with Ctrip at this point? Thanks.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay, Mike. I'll get Dan to take the first one.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: Yeah.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I'll take the second.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: Yeah Mike, I won't quantify for you specifically, but I will say it's a significant impact for Agoda, because it's by far their largest market as a destination. Definitely noticeable principally for our Agoda business.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, and to the increase of properties in China, it's good you asked, actually the vast majority of them were built by Booking.com. They weren't acquired through the Ctrip partnership. We do have let's call it a small handful of hotels that we have with the Ctrip partnership, we're still optimizing; we had a lot of issues connecting systems, a lot of issues with the high bar that Booking.com has on content, and we want to make sure that the product in China is working absolutely in an outstanding fashion, and the Ctrip team has been responding to that. We haven't given up on it, but the numbers you're seeing have been largely self-built by Booking with a few handfuls. The other side of the commercial partnership with Ctrip is our product on their site, and that's gone very well and continues to grow. So I appreciate you asking, but if we do unlock on Ctrip, it will provide an extra boost to our property count, but right now, this is organic efforts going on at Booking.
Mike J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Thank you.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Justin Post with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. You may begin.
Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. I have a couple of questions. It looks like the booking upside you had this quarter versus prior quarters was a little bit less, were there any changes in trends in the quarter that you'd like to call out versus say 2Q? And then the TripAdvisor partnership, after not being partners for a while, is very interesting. Any concerns you might have on kind of helping build a competitive platform over time, and just how are you are thinking about that? Thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: Hey, Justin. So I'll take the first one. No change, nothing that I'd call out in terms of any kind of change in our approach. I think it was a really spectacular performance in the first couple of quarters for the business to accelerate, and if anything, maybe that's more the outlier than seeing a little bit of deceleration in Q3. If you look at the business over kind of the balance of the three quarters I think it's just very solid growth, and that's pretty much what we've seen over a number of years now is business that's been very resilient, growing at very high rates. Every now and then there will be a step down maybe a little bit bigger than what we're anticipating, and then there's other points there will be a quarter where we accelerate. But overall, we're pleased with the performance year-to-date and in the third quarter specifically.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, and on the TripAdvisor thing, I think I've largely answered this; obviously, it's a very tricky area and what we would never want to do is be a dumb pipe to somebody else's brand and we would never want to give our content away to somebody to book other people's bookings. And you'll see that we've done neither of those, so I feel great about where we came out at, and time will tell. Of course, every paid marketing partner we have, starting with Google all the way down, there's always that threat and you have to make a really strong balance between the challenge you're participating and how you're participating relative to the ROIs, and I think we do a really good job of that every single day, and I believe time will tell. I also by the way think it's great for TripAdvisor, and that's kind of the nature of partnership is they've got something that they need to achieve, we've got something we need to achieve and there was opportunity to come up with an answer and that's what we did, so let's see. I mean the best thing to do in these situations is find a good way to get in and begin experimenting and optimizing, and ultimately we both win if we can find a way to get a lot more bookings.
Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks. Maybe if I could ask a follow-up. If TripAdvisor goes well for you, could it be actually material for your overall bookings at all?
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: We didn't build any assumption in, Justin. I think it's premature to make a call in that fashion. We'll see what the trade-off is between meta and Instant Book, and how much traction it gets, and then we'll report back to you after we have more information.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, we have a very – I guess it's worth saying, we're a very large business and we have a lot of varied channels and some are coming and going at all times. As Dan said, there's a whole cannibalization impact we don't know. A lot of that's going to be up to TripAdvisor as the media owner, how much do they expose of this product versus the other product, what's the balance that the customer wants to go to, do they want to go down the meta path, do they want to go down the Assist path, lots to learn. TripAdvisor's obviously a big player for us, but they're still overall a small percentage of our overall business. So it would have to be quite a significant incremental uptick to have a material impact on our results.
Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks. Thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Steven Zhu with Credit Suisse. You may begin.
Steven Zhu - Credit Suisse (Hong Kong) Ltd.: Okay. Thanks. So Darren, my understanding is that Agoda is a merchant-based platform, and now it seems like you're integrating Booking.com's agency inventory there. So is agency the direction you want to take with Agoda in the future, or are you leaving the option open to the consumer? Thanks.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah thanks, Steven. I would say more leaving the option. If you look at priceline.com, it's a real mix of merchant and agency and there's ways to merchandise the product. We've always had Booking.com on Agoda, although it was pretty varied, and only recently did we really up Booking.com's presence on Agoda, and now there's a really nice mix. For the customer, often it comes down to, well, do I pay now or do I pay later, how cancellable is the product, things like that, which can be messaged in the path. They don't necessarily see it as an agency versus a merchant product. It's just a different way to experience the accommodation from a payment standpoint.
Steven Zhu - Credit Suisse (Hong Kong) Ltd.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs.
Heath Patrick Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks. I wanted to dig a little bit deeper into the math behind the advertising deleverage that you talked to, and just get a bit of an update on the mix there in terms of what you're seeing that's driving that, whether it's deleverage within specific channels, sort of a same-store sales basis, or it's just a mix shift to less efficient channels as you've sort of maxed out the traffic that you can get through more efficient channels like Google? And then Dan, I do want to come back on this U.S. bookings question, and just get a sense, I know you've talked about maybe some incremental disclosures, but as we try and analyze the business going forward, and obviously, the trends in the U.S. or the trends as you guys pointed out in your comments, the trends in individual geographic regions start to matter a lot more. Is there a sense or any sort of guidance you want to give us in terms of the best way to look at that geographic exposure in the business since we're not going to be getting the kind of disclosure that you've given in the past?
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: Sure, Heath. So I'll take both of those. On ad deleverage, what are you talking about specifically? In the guidance, or in the Q3?
Heath Patrick Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co.: More in the guidance, but just sort of general trends either way. But the comments that you made earlier in the call during the prepared remarks on the ad deleverage implied for Q4; mainly just looking to get a better sense of whether that's specific channels becoming less efficient over time, or mix shift as you're having to explore other channels that are less efficient because of capacity within your more mature, more efficient channels?
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: Got it. No. So it's no significant assumed change in mix or channels. It's more just looking at what we've delivered thus far to-date in the quarter in terms of ad ROIs, and then building a level of conservatism on top of that for the go-forward, really just to give our marketing team some flexibility that if they do see channels that they think are attractive and they want to lean-in a little bit, or the marketplace becomes more competitive, we've got the ability to hold position and maybe accept somewhat lower ROIs. So it's really just to give us some flexibility to compete in a very dynamic marketplace and look for opportunities to again try and strike a good balance between top line and bottom line growth without feeling that they're handcuffed having to deliver a specific ROI.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The other thing you might just talk about Q4 a little bit and how acceleration in gross bookings can actually cost you in Q4, they have to check out (55:06) in Q1.
Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer: Yeah, so Q3 we got the benefit of the acceleration that happened in the first couple of quarters and checked out in Q3. A little bit of a deceleration in gross bookings growth is generally helpful to that ad efficiency metric, and that top line forecast that we have for Q4 is relatively stronger, I would say. And so when you don't have that kind of deceleration in top line growth, that puts a little bit more pressure on the ad efficiency metric.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: In terms of U.S. gross bookings, I'd say that the best way to look at our U.S. business and understand the trends will be the revenue and gross profit numbers that we'll continue to report. So revenue for OpenTable and KAYAK are reported in advertising and other, and then we'll give you the total U.S. revenue which will kind of give you a proxy on priceline.com so you get a sense for our U.S. travel business.
Heath Patrick Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you very much.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from Kevin Kopelman with Cowen & Company. You may begin.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks a lot. I just had a question on your vacation rental business. Can you give us an update there? Are you seeing any increase in competitiveness from Airbnb? And can you talk about your strategy for the U.S. in that business, because it seems like you only have a few listings there today? Thanks.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, thanks, Kevin. Well, first of all, it's always worth reminding people this is a very large market, so it's a competition you don't necessarily see on a day-to-day basis, and most of this market is booked in quite an inefficient way. But when we look at what we call vacation rentals which is our self-cater product, we have an inventory of 1.8 million bookable rooms. That's in the ballpark of what HomeAway and what Airbnb have. We may be booking different kinds of properties. HomeAway is actually quite focused on vacation homes. We're quite heavy in in-city apartments and things like that. We're also indexed very heavily in Europe. HomeAway indexes and Airbnb quite heavily in the United States. But we feel really good about the scale of our business, its growth. The nature of our booker may be different. There may be somebody who's looking for any form of accommodation versus a vacation home specifically. And this is a really critical market for us in the future. When you think about where we've come from, we came from the hotel space. We've now built a massive amount of inventory and multi-room unique accommodations that one wouldn't technically call a hotel, and now we're adding vacation homes, so that's the way we've approached the market. We feel good about our growth. It's quite fast and comparable, and we're a profitable company which is quite a difference as well. So we continue to build it out. I like the cards that we have, and I'm excited to look forward to where this all ends up. I think in the United States for sure there's more work to be done, and we now – if you look at our total property count, we're right in there with Expedia, if not a little bit more. You can see these on the website and we're going to continue to build out our unique accommodation portfolio in the United States and places that Americans like to go. That's a really high priority for us and a big focus in the coming quarters.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks, Darren.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, thanks.
Darren Richard Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I guess that's the last question. Thank you all very much. It's been the biggest quarter in history of The Priceline Group, however, we continue to be very optimistic about the future. And, again, I want to thank all of our employees for a fantastic summer and looking forward to a great 2016.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-05 07:30:00) =====
Executives: Darren Huston - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Daniel Finnegan - Senior VP, Chief Financial & Accounting Officer
Analysts: Eric Sheridan - UBS Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray Ken Sena - Evercore ISI Michael Millman - Millman Research Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs Justin Post - Merrill Lynch Ron Josey - JMP Securities Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Douglas Anmuth - JPMorgan Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co
Operator: Welcome to the Priceline Group’s Second Quarter 2015 Conference Call. The Priceline Group would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecast in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause the group’s actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of the group’s earnings press release, as well as the group’s most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, The Priceline Group undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of the group’s earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the For Investors section of The Priceline Group’s website, www.pricelinegroup.com. And now, I’d like to introduce The Priceline Group’s speakers for this afternoon, Darren Huston and Daniel Finnegan. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Darren Huston: Okay. Thank you very much and welcome to The Priceline Group second quarter conference call. Thank you for joining us before the markets open this morning in New York. I’m here in Amsterdam with Priceline Group CFO, Dan Finnegan The group reported consolidated gross bookings for the second quarter of approximately $15 billion, up about 26% on a constant currency basis or about 11% year-over-year in U.S. dollars. Our customers booked accommodation reservations for 113 million room nights in the quarter, up 26% year-over-year reflecting slight acceleration for the second consecutive quarter. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $12.45, down slightly versus prior-year, surpassing FactSet consensus estimates of $11.85 per share, and our guidance for the quarter. Our U.S. dollar denominated growth rates were again impacted substantially by the strong dollar. Our international business recorded 30% gross bookings growth on a constant-currency basis, up from 29% last quarter. Booking.com continues to benefit from further penetration of its existing partner relationships, as well as growth in its accommodation supply. Booking.com’s platform now has about 707,000 hotels and other accommodations in 220 countries and territories, up 35% over last year, including 313,000 instantly bookable vacation rental properties. Vacation rental properties grew 62% year-over-year and now represent 1.7 million rentable units within these properties. In the last 12 months, about 50 million room nights for vacation rental properties were booked on Booking.com and Villas.com, up 39% year-over-year. This quarter, we began experimenting with self-onboarding of individually owned vacation rental properties, subject of course to a set of quality checks on our side and the ability of the property to be instantly bookable. We already have an encouraging pipeline of vacation rental properties to activate via this channel. We’re hopeful this functionality will help us scale our property acquisition even further. BookingSuite, our partner-facing software services platform is off to an impressive start and continues to exceed our expectation, with strong demand and streamlined execution by our teams. We also added to our BookingSuite offering in Q2 with the acquisition of PriceMatch, a simple cloud-based tool that uses big data to help our partners improve their properties’ production through enhanced revenue management. International results also benefited from agoda.com and rentalcars.com. Agoda delivered a solid quarter, consistent with Q1, with special attention to the collection of private sale deals for its logged-in customers. Strong momentum continued at rentalcars.com, which accelerated for the fourth quarter in a row, furthering its lead as the world’s largest dedicated site for multi-supplier rental car reservations. Priceline.com continues to be a tale of two cities with strong retail performance offset by a shrinking but still large Name Your Own Price business. The priceline.com management team is making targeted investments as part of its plan to drive innovation into its business and to solidify its position as the best site for travel deals in North America. There’s a new level of energy at the company and we expect great things in the coming quarters. KAYAK delivered an exceptional bottom-line performance in the quarter, which exceeded our expectations, while OpenTable continue to produce double-digit domestic diner growth. After some amount of work to transition its underlying B2B and B2C infrastructure, it’s on track to begin launching new international markets later this year. We took some steps in the quarter to further expand our growth in Latin America. Booking.com launched a TV advertising campaign in Brazil while the group invested $60 million in a minority stake in Hotel Urbano, one of Brazil’s largest and fastest-growing online travel companies. Our investment includes an exclusive commercial partnership whereby we will provide Hotel Urbano customers access to accommodations outside of Latin America. Finally and importantly, it is worth commenting on mobile. It is difficult to overstate the importance of this trend. Today as a group, about one of three bookings of hotels, rental cars and restaurants happens on a mobile device. At current run rate, this will be more than half of our business in only two to three years. On a Sunday just a week back, we completed 300,000 transactions gross of cancellations on mobile at Booking.com for the first time. All of our brands are investing heavily in making our products relevant to consumers across all their screens in a connected fashion and in ways that are industry-leading. Since the end of Q1, we repurchased about $1.35 billion of our common stock and have an authorization of $1.4 billion remaining for future quarters. The group performed well in the second quarter on both the top and bottom lines. We’ll continue Booking.com’s successful foray into brand advertising in certain international markets and invest aggressively in online variable channels to properly build our book of business for the seasonally strong third quarter. We remain committed to striking the right balance between top-line growth and bottom-line profitability, and you will see in particular more stability in non-advertising OpEx percentage in the second half as we anniversary the OpenTable and BookingSuite investment. We believe we are making the smart and sustainable investments today that will extend our lead as the world’s largest online travel business for years to come. We’re also delivering healthy returns for our shareholders today. I want to thank our employees around the world for their hard work and dedication. I will now turn it over to Dan for a more detailed summary of our financials.
Daniel Finnegan: Thanks, Darren. I’ll discuss some of the highlights and operating results and cash flows for the quarter and then provide guidance for the third quarter of 2015. We’ve talked the last couple of quarters about how significantly our U.S. dollar reported results are impacted by extreme currency volatility, because about 90% of our gross bookings and operating income are generated by our international brands. Our two most impactful currencies, the euro and the British pound were weaker by about 19% and 9% respectively for Q2 as compared to the prior year. Many other important currencies in which we transact were also significantly weaker versus the U.S. dollar in Q2 relative to last year. The strong U.S. dollar means our gross bookings, gross profit, operating expenses, adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP net income mathematically translate into significantly fewer dollars than they would have at least year’s exchange rates for Q2, Q3 and the remainder of the year. Since our expenses are denominated in foreign currencies on a basis similar to our revenues, they also translate into fewer dollars. Therefore, our operating margins are not significantly impacted by currency fluctuations and we believe that the impact of currency on our bottom line is generally similar to the top-line impact. Although the stronger dollar has a significant negative impact on our growth expressed in dollars, the fundamental performance of our business is still evident in our unit growth rates, and our constant currency growth rates for gross bookings, international gross bookings, and gross profit. The Priceline Group performed well for all these key metrics in Q2. Accelerating unit growth paired with less margin pressure than forecasted resulted in over performance compared to consensus at both the top and bottom line. Room night growth was strong in Q2 across all our key regions. Room nights booked grew by 26% in the second quarter, accelerating slightly compared to the 25% growth rate for Q1. Rental car days grew by 20% in Q2, also accelerating compared to Q1 growth of 18%. Average daily rates for accommodations or ADRs for Q2 2015 were up on a constant-currency basis by about 2% for the consolidated group. ADR trends expressed in U.S. dollars would obviously look significantly worse based upon the currency dynamics I just discussed. While we’re in the midst of this period of extreme currency volatility, our growth expressed in constant-currency gives a truer picture of our fundamental business performance and is more in line with what you would expect based upon our strong unit growth and constant currency ADR growth. Specifically, our Q2 gross bookings grew by about 26% on a constant-currency basis, but by only about 11% expressed in U.S. dollars compared to prior year due to the stronger dollar. Similarly, international gross bookings grew by about 30% on a constant-currency basis and by only about 12% expressed in U.S. dollars. Gross bookings for our U.S. business grew by 1%. Similar to recent quarters, the U.S. results are a mix of growth in retail room nights and rental car days offset by declines in Name Your Own Price services. In addition, lower airfares impacted retail air gross bookings growth, but have no impact on gross profit. Gross profit for the quarter was $2.1 billion and grew by about 26% on a constant-currency basis and by 11% in U.S. dollars compared to prior year. Our international operations generated gross profit of $1.8 billion, which grew by about 26% on constant-currency basis and by 8% in U.S. dollars compared to prior year. Gross profit for our U.S. operations, including OpenTable U.S. business amounted to $303 million, which represented 32% growth versus prior year. OpenTable generated worldwide revenue in Q2 of about $62 million. Non-GAAP operating income amounted to 37.3% of gross profit for Q2 which is 469 bps lower than last year. Online advertising grew faster than gross profit due to lower ROIs and gross bookings acceleration that partly benefits revenue in Q3 when summer travel takes place. In addition, as we’ve highlighted over recent quarters, we are investing in OpEx to add people, offices and IT capacity to build up the capability of our core travel business to handle future growth. Q2 also reflects the leverage from the inclusion of OpEx for OpenTable and our BookingSuite of hotel marketing services, which are currently in investment mode as we invest to plant seeds for future growth. Operating margins were, however, better than our guidance due mainly to lower than forecasted non-advertising OpEx. Adjusted EBITDA for Q2 amounted to $805 million, which exceeded the top end of our guidance range of $765 million and represents a 1% decrease versus prior year, reflecting the significant foreign currency translation impact with the stronger U.S. dollar. Non-GAAP net income decreased by 2% and non-GAAP EPS decreased by 1%, including interest expense from our recent bond offerings and the beneficial impact of lower share count from stock repurchases. In terms of cash flow, we generated approximately $702 million of cash from operations during second quarter 2015, which is about 2% above last year and is also impacted by unfavorable foreign exchange rate translation. We invested $53 million in CapEx and repurchased 720,000 shares of our common stock for $849 million in Q2. Thus far in Q3, we have purchased an additional 436,000 shares for $500 million. We expect to execute the remaining $1.4 billion of our $3 billion common stock buyback authorization at a pace that makes sense based upon the price at which our stock is trading, available cash in the U.S. and potential uses for - other uses for such capital. Our cash and investments amounted to $9.6 billion at June 30, 2015 with about $1.9 billion of that balance in the U.S. During Q2, we entered into a new $2 billion revolving credit facility to replace our existing facility, which was expiring next year. The facility has a five-year term and provides us with significant additional financial flexibility at a reasonable cost. Now for Q3 guidance. The travel market continues to be fundamentally healthy from an occupancy and ADR perspective broadly and in Europe. Our room night growth has been remarkably resilient, ranging between 24% to 27% over the last four quarters. Our guidance reflects another strong quarter of growth, but assumes that our growth rates will decelerate, mainly due to the size of our business and consistent with long-term trends. Our Q3 forecast assumes foreign exchange rates of $1.09 per euro and $1.56 per British pound for the remainder of the quarter, which would result in average exchange rates that would be weaker by about 18% for the euro and about 7% for the British pound as compared to the prior year. I highlight that the euro exchange rate is worse than the $1.12 rate that prevailed when we last reported and most analysts updated their forecasts. As a result, our gross bookings, gross profit, operating expenses, adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP net income will mathematically translate into significantly fewer dollars than they would have at last year’s exchange rates for Q3 and the remainder of the year. Barring further deterioration in exchange rates we believe that year-over-year currency comps will become less challenging after Q3. For Q3 guidance, we are forecasting total gross bookings to grow by 13% to 20% on a constant currency basis and by minus 1% to positive 6% in U.S. dollars, with U.S. gross bookings about flat with prior year. We expect international gross bookings to grow by 16% to 23% on a constant currency basis and by 0% to 7% in U.S. dollars. Our Q3 forecast assumes that constant currency ADRs for the consolidated group will be up by less than 2% compared to the prior-year period. We expect Q3 revenue to grow year-over-year by approximately 1% to 8%. We expect gross profit to grow by 19% to 26% on a constant-currency basis and by 3% to 10% in U.S. dollars. We expect that declines in our Name Your Own Price services will continue to negatively impact revenue growth rates in Q3. We expect about 160 bps of deleverage in non-GAAP operating margins compared to prior year, expressed as non-GAAP operating income as a percentage of gross profit, which is a nice improvement from the margin pressure we’ve seen the last couple of quarters. The de-leverage is mainly attributable to assumed continued pressure for online advertising ROIs but to a lesser extent than we saw in Q2. As we indicated on the last couple of earnings calls, margin pressure from non-advertising OpEx diminishes significantly in Q3 and we expect that trend to improve further in Q4. Over the longer term we expect that our non-advertising OpEx will generally grow more slowly than our gross profit and be a source of operating leverage. Our forecast implies a 52% operating margin for Q3 with strong operating margins for our business relative to our competitors’ positions us well to succeed over the long-term in a very competitive market. Our adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $1.425 billion and $1.525 billion, which at the midpoint is an increase of 3% versus prior year. As I mentioned a moment ago, we estimate that the currency impact on EBITDA growth is similar to the impact that we’re forecasting for gross profit. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax rate of approximately 15%, comprised of international income taxes and alternative minimum tax and state income taxes in the U.S. We’re targeting non-GAAP fully diluted EPS of approximately $22.95 to $24.45 per share, which at the midpoint is an increase of 7% versus prior-year. Our non-GAAP EPS guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of 51.6 million shares based upon yesterday’s closing stock price and reflects the beneficial impact of about $1.7 billion of share repurchases we’ve made thus far this year. We forecast GAAP EPS between $20.84 and $22.34 per share for Q3. The difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP results is driven by non-GAAP adjustments that are detailed in our earnings release. Consistent with past practice, we have hedge contracts in place to substantially shield our third quarter EBITDA and net earnings from any further fluctuation in the euro and British pound versus the dollar between now and the end of the quarter. The hedges do not offset the impact of translation on our gross bookings, revenue, gross profit or operating income. They also do not hedge us against fluctuations in other currencies and do not hedge our earnings beyond the third quarter. Our forecast does not assume any significant change in macroeconomic conditions. One housekeeping matter. Darren mentioned that Booking.com’s platform now has over 707,000 hotels and other accommodations, including 313,000 vacation rental properties. In September, we intend to adjust our methodology for reporting property counts to include properties that are contracted with Booking.com, but are not currently available to be booked on our site. For example, we will now include properties in our count that are temporarily unavailable on our site because we filled all the rooms allotted to us or the property is closed seasonally or for renovations. Under the new methodology, we would’ve reported about 767,000 properties, including about 353,000 vacation rentals. Our prior year property count on a consistent basis is about 549,000 properties, including about 206,000 vacation rentals. We believe this change will remove volatility from our property count reporting and will reflect a more consistent count of our total active partner relationships throughout the year. This is a small, but important adjustment as we continue to add more and more long tail and sometimes seasonal business. We’ll now take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Eric Sheridan with UBS. You may begin.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks for taking the questions. Darren, appreciated the color on mobile and how big it’s becoming inside the business. Wanted to know what you were learning as mobile became bigger in terms of where money is best spent on the marketing budget to earn sufficient ROIs in mobile? How that might develop longer term? And also, Booking.com was mentioned on Facebook’s earnings call as a new partner. You’ve talked about social media in the past and what that might mean as a marketing channel for Priceline. Want to know if we can get some updated thoughts there. Thanks.
Darren Huston: Okay. Thanks, Eric. So I think it’s important on mobile to - obviously there’s web-based mobile and there’s app-based mobile. And web-based mobile still largely and traditionally it’s through Google and other search engines, and I have to give Google a lot of credit. That’s working better and better for us, where web-based mobile is a highly converting big base of transactions for us and it ends up - in the hotel space, transactions are relatively infrequent, so a pretty significant percentage happens on web-based, particularly customers we’ve never seen before. Our app-based customers tend to be our more loyal customers and the place that we build those is mostly from our own property sites. We do go out and buy app downloads, although app downloads don’t tend to be very economic because they often get downloaded and then not ultimately used, at least from that space. So this is basically the world of accommodation. It’s very different for KAYAK and OpenTable, primarily because both those businesses are a much higher frequency business. They’re very heavily skewed to app and the whole business of getting people to use the KAYAK app to check for flights or OpenTable to book restaurants is another dynamic, and both of those businesses focus heavier and can find economics and actually getting downloads and building lifetime value to customers that are app-based. In those app based downloads, there’s a little bit of that that comes from Google, but a lot has come from new places like Facebook and other partners. On Facebook specifically, we generate most of our demand from basically search or travel. And travel includes everything from TripAdvisor down to easyJet and airlines and trains and other things. So we’ve always dreamed of a time where we could access demand from any of these big horizontal audiences. Facebook’s obviously one, Twitter’s another. You can think of WeChat over any of these other things - or even the big portals, Yahoo!, MSN, as places. But we’ve always struggled. And I was quite skeptical, but I have to give Facebook a ton of credit. We’re finally getting some good business out of Facebook. Most of it is remarketing or re-messaging. And we’ve now talked with senior management at Facebook about how do we get intent out of their network. And that’s an area that both us and them are focused on. And to the degree to which we can crack the code on intent would make Facebook a real serious source of demand for us as a business. And obviously as a performance marketer, that would be a big deal for Facebook, as well. So I’m excited with the progress we’re making. They’re investing a lot of time and energy into it, which I appreciate. And hopefully by cracking another source of demand, it allows us to also diversify where we spend our money to find hotel customers.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray. You may begin.
Michael Olson: Good morning. So you mentioned strong continued growth in vacation rentals and you’re clearly putting some effort into that space. How would you describe just in general your strategy there and how your partnership with HomeAway fits into that? And overall, what kind of reception are you seeing from travelers on them seeing vacation rental inventory? And has there been any reaction from your hotel partners?
Darren Huston: Yeah. Thanks, Mike. Well, first of all, we started out as being a hotel-only site, but it’s been some years now that we’ve built out other forms of multi-room accommodation. And even in our old - in the old Booking.com model, you even said, online hotel reservations was our sub tag. But starting even four years or five years ago, we started adding B&B’s, and we even have tree houses and igloos and stationary boats and basically other things that you could book. So for us, we went from being the world’s largest online hotel player to now being the world’s largest player in online accommodations. So moving into vacation rentals was a very natural thing for us, it’s kind of going down the pyramid and ultimately getting into this self-catered product. And for us, we’re building it out in an instantly bookable verifiable way, which is very different than what say a HomeAway or an Airbnb is doing. We’ve also focused a lot on making sure the customer experience didn’t have all the friction. If you can think of booking a vacation home and having to put down a deposit and having multiple email exchanges and not really knowing you’ve got the property, not really having the trust. We’re doing it in much more of a kind of a pure ecommerce way, just trying to create it ultimately like booking a hotel. And through that strategy, we’ve had to obviously take a lot of friction out of the industry and change the way that players think about that. And it’s a lot of work, because for a vacation rental owner, you’ve got to maintain a digital calendar. You can’t overbook people. When you say the place is available at a certain price, it has to sell at that price. But slowly we’re seeing the ice start to crack a little bit, and starting to see real momentum. And this is great news for vacation rental owners, because this market has a lot of demand. And a lot of people really think of vacation rentals as an upgrade. Like if you’ve got a family or your group and you’re say going to Barcelona, instead of getting like four hotel rooms, you can get a vacation home on the beach and you can make your own meals instead of going out to restaurants every night. So this is a very important addition to our business, but there’s a lot more work to do. We do have some cooperation with HomeAway, but it’s not near to the extent that maybe some of our competitors, and we’re still talking there. We have a fairly high bar. We don’t do on-request bookings. And for us, it has to be truly instant. It can’t be, okay, I’ll let you know in 24 hours. That doesn’t count as instant. And that’s been part of the issues just keeping a very high bar and keeping our product very pure so that it fits with our traditional booker base. And so far so good, and I - and we’re only going to do more of it. It wasn’t really a jump into a segment, it was more of an evolution down the accommodation pyramid into the sort of the bottom of the pyramid. There’s literally millions and millions of single owner property around the world, both in cities, on beaches, at ski resorts, et cetera. So that’s the story there.
Michael Olson: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Sena with Evercore ISI. You may begin.
Kenneth Sena: Hi. So the bookings in the unit seemed quite strong, but the revenue margin declined 6% or so over the prior - versus the prior year. Maybe you can just elaborate a bit more on that pressure, give us a sense maybe how much of it is related to mix as far as the vacation rental expansion versus maybe some of the competitive factors that you’re seeing. And also, you mentioned that Google is performing better. But any thoughts that you can provide us on kind of the current booking functionality and how you see that progressing? Thanks.
Darren Huston: So, I’ll let, Dan. Why don’t you take the first one? I’ll...
Daniel Finnegan: Yeah, hey, Ken. So in terms of take rate, what you see in Q2 is an acceleration in the business so very strong gross bookings momentum with a portion of those stays in the revenue taking place in Q3. So if you look at our Q3 forecast, you’ll see kind of a reversal of that trend where now the take rate is going up, so the gross profit growing faster than the gross bookings. So that’s a timing issue. Our take rate - our fundamental take rate on our transactions is very stable.
Kenneth Sena: Great. Thank you.
Darren Huston: And then your question on Google, specifically on booking functionality. What - did you want to repeat that?
Kenneth Sena: Yeah, you mention that Google is performing better and if you could maybe just specify. Is that just in terms of the traditional keyword buys or are you getting more traction in terms of working through like the product listing ads? And do you have any thoughts as they try to rollout booking functionality, if it’s something you’d be interested in or other?
Darren Huston: Yeah, yeah, I mean, generally, our relationship with Google is very strong. They have some of their own challenges. I mean, it’s an amazing business, but it’s become less of a percent of our business over time, so we’ve been working with them across our entire business. Of course, always first focus on core search. What are the other things we can do to innovate to get more out of core search and we’ve seen some benefit particularly in mobile web, where we work together to try to get more out of mobile web, and that’s been, I think, very successful. We’re also working with the YouTube team and we’re also doing a lot of work in retargeting. So Google kind of sees us as one of their biggest advertisers in the world, so they are - and we’re very technically performance-driven people, so we work closely together to try to get more out of all the various Google engines. Very specifically, hotel price ads is Google’s price product. We don’t love it because we would rather buy blue links. We don’t need all the extra listings, but we do understand and we have worked a lot with the HPA team to make that a better product. I think, when it started out, there were a lot of savings and thing shown on HPA that just weren’t real savings. Generally, in meta, there’s a lot of challenges with showing customers things that are savings, when a large majority of the time they’re not. It’s exchange rates, people don’t put taxes on, et cetera. It’s a real - it’s not the prettiest space. So, we’ve worked hard with them to improve that product. And then recently, as you mentioned, they’ve launched an instant book product. It’s still very early on. We don’t love instant book products either because we have a really good process of taking cold customers and turning them into paying customers. So anyone who creates a path that ends up becoming a lower common denominator that’s not good for us, because we think we’ve one of the best booking paths. We have an agency model. We don’t even need the credit card in many cases to do bookings, so - but we’re working also with Google on that, not standing away from saying, hey, is there a way to make this work for our businesses as well as what you’re trying to achieve? So it’s always been a close open collaboration, but as I always say, we’re going to put our money where it’s strategic. We’re going to watch this really closely and we have lots of options on where to spend our money. We’d look to continue to create more options to find hotel demand in the future.
Kenneth Sena: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Millman with Millman Research. You may begin.
Michael Millman: Thank you. The other night, Expedia indicated that the bulk of their profit comes from repeat customers. Can you talk about to what extent profits come from repeat customers?
Darren Huston: Yeah, well, yes, we’ve to go across our brands, but we never reveal the exact percentages, but we have a very healthy repeat business. And I would say across all of our brands, every single brand the repeat business every year gets stronger and stronger. A lot of that is related to the new multi-screen environment. A lot of that is related to we did a lot more business with signed-in accounts. In the early days, when it was a single screen, you would do transactional business and every time you booked a hotel or a flight, you’d have to reenter all your information, but once you have an account, we can store your credit card securely, we can store your name and it leads to like one-click booking. And as we’ve gone to more of a multi-screen environment, that advantage for an account holder goes up dramatically. If you’ve ever tried to book an airline ticket on a mobile phone and not have an account, you’ll know what I’m talking about. It’s not a pleasant experience, but once you have an account we can fill out the forms and we can facilitate that, and then you can take your confirmation that maybe you booked on your tablet and you can show up at the rental counter with the confirmation on your phone. These are all positives that have driven to more increased repeat business and loyalty among our customers. Then our challenge becomes really, and has been, how do we bring more customers into the franchise? And that’s what we use paid marketing for. But generally speaking our direct business continues to increase, which is a reflection generally of repeat business.
Daniel Finnegan: And with our - with new customers, Michael, we’re running in paid channels at positive ROIs, so they’re profitable, too. I don’t know to what extent maybe other players take a lifetime value approach and perhaps are losing money on the new customers with the hope of making money over time. That’s not the case for us.
Michael Millman: Would you say repeat customer profitability is well over 50% of your business profitability?
Daniel Finnegan: We wouldn’t comment on that.
Michael Millman: Okay. Thank you.
Daniel Finnegan: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets. You may begin.
Mark Mahaney: Thanks. I was going to ask two geographic questions. You called out Latin America a little bit more. Just some more color on how big that - how material that region is for you, maybe a little bit more explanation of the investment in Hotel Urbano? And then any comments on - you didn’t mention the China outbound market. Anything you want to point out as to how well that’s doing with the path to materiality there? Thank you.
Darren Huston: Yeah, thanks, Mark. Well, let me give maybe just a little bit of top line geo-commentary. So, first of all, in the second quarter Europe isn’t very strong. The Eurozone in Southern Europe with a little bit of the ripple of the Grexit and the coming back of Greece, but generally Europe has been very solid this year. U.S. is strong for U.S. travelers and China inbound, but generally almost everyone else is going a little less to the U.S. because of the currency effect. And yeah. China outbound continues to be very strong for us, growing at very fast rates. Japan inbound, Taiwan inbound very strong. Korean inbound not so strong because of MERS, not something that gets talked about a lot in the United States, but was a real overhang for us. But then on the other hand we had positive comps. Southeast Asia was a much calmer place in Q2 than it was last Q2, if you remember the Malaysian Air crisis, the coup in Thailand, burning of factories in Vietnam, there were all sorts of things going on. But that’s been a positive from a comp basis. And so that’s some quarterly commentary geographically, but specifically strategically Latin America - we entered Latin America specifically with the Booking.com, ran a number of years ago starting in Argentina, moving to Brazil. I would say this is a year where we’ve really had a breakthrough in Latin America. We launched our TV ads in Brazil, but really despite the fact that Latin America is not in the greatest economic health right now and the two big engines, which are Argentina and most specifically Brazil have all kinds of issues, but this has been a year where we’ve really gotten great traction in the market, maybe past the tipping point. We have offices now across the region and that’s a real positive. And I think if you go to Latin America now our aided brand awareness is quite high. Hotel Urbano specifically, this is actually a site that gets a tremendous amount of traffic, but still is a bit challenged in converting that traffic, but it has a great management team. We’ve always been excited about the volume of audience that they have, largely built through social channels. And you can think of this as kind of a mini Ctrip investment, I mean, we made an investment in the company but it was really also to unlock the commercial opportunity. We’re like, well, if we’re going to help these guys win, let’s participate a little bit in that upside. But the commercial opportunity is - I wouldn’t say it’s a make or break for Latin America, but it’s a good-sized piece of business that will help bring Latin American outbound travelers to the rest of the world. I think, it also is a reflection of the strength of our portfolio. It’s so global that these matchups just make so much sense because the product converts well, it’s a great product, it’s all translated and we can take an audience like this, help Hotel Urbano monetize it, but also create a great commercial opportunity for us as well.
Mark Mahaney: Thank you, Darren.
Darren Huston: Yep. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs. You may begin.
Heath Terry: Great. Thanks. Darren, you have talked in the past about your willingness to go down the ROI funnel a little bit further on the advertising side, willingness to take dollars for $0.90 versus requiring $0.70, I think is the way you put it in the past. How much of that willingness is what’s driving the 25% or 26% FX neutral growth that you’re seeing here, clearly well above sort of where the overall market is growing?
Darren Huston: Yeah, I should probably be - thanks, Heath. I should probably be clearer, and Dan mentioned this as well. We don’t lose money on the transaction level. So on our paid advertising we have a pretty high bar. We [indiscernible].
Heath Terry: Yeah, no. I understand - I understand that. Yeah.
Darren Huston: Yeah, so we don’t really - so we’ll - so I think what you’re saying is we might go down and spend $0.90 to get a dollar, and therefore make $0.10, right?
Heath Terry: Right.
Darren Huston: And that’s really our push on the paid advertising side. The thing that we go out a little bit on a limb in is our brand marketing. We now know that we can get a pretty good return on our brand marketing, but it may not happen immediately. But we’ve shown that over time in the markets we’ve been in for a while that we can get a better return on our advertising when you add the brand marketing to our performance marketing than the return we got on our performance marketing alone, and we’ve done a bunch to build just a whole bunch of data-driven tools to help us with our media mix, and that’s helped us be smarter and data-driven about where and how we spend our brand marketing dollars. So we’re building over whatever now has been a couple years some more and more confidence in our ability to appropriately spend our brand marketing dollars, which obviously is a big growth potential for the company. Booking.com is not a household name. If you go to America you’d mention OpenTable and Kayak and Priceline before you’d mention Booking. And the ability for us to build the brand and have great performance marketing is still growth potential that’s out ahead of us and we’ve been working hard to methodically attack that. I would say our growth is truly sustainable growth because the paid marketing that we’re spending is earning us profit, and all the direct business we’re coming is earning us of course even more profit. So I don’t feel like, as opposed to some geographies, we have positive unit economics on every single transaction. And we’ve looked to improve that and any incremental that we’re making in marketing generally comes with positive EBITDA. And we’re always trying to get as far as we can to generate positive EBITDA and cash flow for our customers, without worrying about the percentage of our P&L that gets taken up by marketing, and that’s been our general philosophy. Some people may say, well, if you’re that far, why don’t you go a little bit further? And that’s always the balance that we’re striking on what business do we bring in and do we really, truly understand the economics, but always trying to be positive on a transaction by transaction basis.
Heath Terry: Got it. Thank you.
Darren Huston: Hope that helped.
Heath Terry: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. You may begin.
Justin Post: Thank you. Two questions related to marketing. I think you said ROIs are improving in 3Q. Is that a result of all the brand spending? Or are there some technology conversion changes that are helping you? And then secondly, a lot of commentary out there about instant book on TripAdvisor and Google. Any commentary on your exposure to those channels and what your thoughts are, especially with Google maybe taking direct bookings over the next year, how you think about that affecting Priceline? Thank you.
Darren Huston: Yes, so thanks, Justin. Dan, why don’t you take the first one? I’ll take the second one.
Daniel Finnegan: Yes. Hi, Justin. So just to be clear, ROIs were still down year-over-year, but not to the same extent as they were in Q2. And then just due to the normal seasonality with more checkouts taking place in Q3, we get a benefit there from the economics as well relative to the acceleration that occurred in Q2. We’re not going to go into the drivers specifically for you, what’s happening in the ROIs, because of the sensitive competitive nature, but Darren talked about the benefits. The offline advertising is driving in online. It definitely helps reinforce our brand and make it better known, which helps click-through rates, it helps drive people searching for the brand, and then every day we’ve got hundreds of people that are running experiments to improve conversion on our website. So that’s just a constant battle that our people are very talented and do a great job with. But beyond that, I just don’t want to comment on those specific drivers.
Darren Huston: Yes. And then on your question on instant book, yes, it’s a pretty tricky equation. Always the question is, is your advertiser trying to be an OTA, and at the most extreme, being an OTA is really hard work. Like three-quarters of our people are in customer service, they’re in the field, they’re working property by property on pricing and on availability and it’s a business you have to do at scale. And most of our media partners make a lot of money off of us. On TripAdvisor we spend more than $1 million a day. So we have to find a place to spend our money and we of course don’t want to spend it with somebody who’s planning on being an OTA. I don’t believe that’s really what TripAdvisor is trying to do, but we have to make sure that whatever business we participate in is good business and its business that we can ultimately pay for that will repeat on our platform. So that’s why there’s a lot of discussion in this area. There’s not like a big rainbow for anyone that’s in the media business on the other side because they get most of the economics of the transaction anyway. It’s not like suddenly there’s a whole bunch more money there. In fact, all there is, is just a lot more cost. If you have to think of - I can show you my inbox someday and some of the escalations I get of the dirty ocean in Cabo because the person wants a refund or the flying ants and the OTA business sounds very sexy, but in fact there’s a lot of manual work, and that’s why there’s only a few players who do this work and do it at scale. And by the way I’d throw Ctrip in there as well. That’s why they do it so well. They’ve got over 10,000 customer service agents who deal with this kind of stuff every day. So we’re being good partners. We’re leaning in. I frankly think that instant book path ultimately will prove to be cannibalistic. They may help a little bit on mobile, but that’s all to be seen. So we’re trying to be positive partners in the process and try to make sure that if that’s the way our advertising partners are going that we can design a path that is a good auction for us and where we can get good business off of it.
Justin Post: Thank you.
Darren Huston: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ron Josey with JMP Securities. You may begin.
Ron Josey: Great. Thanks. I wanted to follow up on maybe some prior questions around marketing. And Darren, I think you said specifically now, I think a third of traffic is mobile, could see that getting to 50% over time. And as you sort of see the mix between online and offline working together, wanted to understand a little bit more how you think about how brand advertising sort of evolves over time and when you think you can start bringing that back as the brand awareness goes up? Thank you.
Darren Huston: Yes, I think it’s an excellent question. When you ultimately do a transaction on mobile, there’s a question of what other screens did the customer engage with you on? How did they get to know the brand? And then there’s an issue, of course, of do you have the force through your brand - by having a stronger brand, do you get more loyal customers who then therefore go more app-based mobile versus web-based mobile. To me at the highest level I think of mobile as a huge positive for a company like ours. For many of our partners it’s tough enough to build a great website. To actually have a multi-screen experience that works with an account is a very difficult thing to do. So that’s why I think net is a positive. I don’t think it necessarily drives a lot of incremental business for us. It’s a little bit maybe more last-minute, but it’s really a shifting in the way that people engage with digital assets. I’m sure marketing mix will change relative to mobile. I talked previously that more and more business is coming direct. It’s a bit of a chicken and egg. Some of that may be because our mobile business tends to be more direct than our PC-based web business. But again, I think it’s all one customer and it’s all related to the fact that people are living multi-screen lifestyles versus single screen lifestyles, which I think is a net benefit to us, and ultimately I think also leads to more direct account driven traffic versus purely off of the web transactional traffic. I guess the last thing I would say, and you certainly see this in China, the impact of mobile and how like Ctrip [ph] buys their demand. We’ve learned so much from that relationship and always appreciate all the time I get with James and Jane, but it’s amazing how they just buy traffic differently. There are whole marketplaces for apps in China exist that don’t exist in the Western world, and how they built that up is quite fascinating and amazing and I think there’s a lot of lessons for us to learn as this environment changes. But yes, today again, as I said before, most of our app downloads are from our own properties, which means we would’ve had to find that guest some other way in the past. So the more and more of them that use apps in a sticky way, obviously that’s great business for us because it’s always coming direct by definition and is very profitable.
Ron Josey: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Lloyd Walmsley with Deutsche Bank. You may begin.
Lloyd Walmsley: Thanks. Last August you guys gave us some disclosure around the trailing 12-month vacation rental bookings. Wondering if you could update that number or maybe whether we should just use the 39% room night growth that you gave on that $4 billion base number. And then I guess as a follow-up, curious if you can just give us some color on how different you see demand for that space? So, for example, are a lot of people coming specifically to look for VR properties from marketing campaigns and keywords driven specifically to VR, or is a lot of that also people kind of looking also at hotels? I’m trying to get a sense for how different that growth trajectory can be without cannibalizing the core. So any color you could give there would be great.
Darren Huston: Dan, why don’t you take the first? I’ll take the second.
Daniel Finnegan: So, Lloyd, the reason we gave you growth rate and room nights is because of the impact of currency on that metric as well. So it wasn’t useful really to give it to you in U.S. dollars. So I would recommend that you use those two data points we gave you in your model to try and understand the size of that business.
Lloyd Walmsley: Okay.
Darren Huston: Yes, and in terms of the vacation rentals incremental or not, our general belief is, first of all, it’s one customer. And either a customer is just a consumer or they’re a business person and a consumer. And they take a number of trips every year, and every trip has a different rationale. And if somebody is a hotel booker on three of their trips, they may be on a trip with their family and become a vacation rental booker. We want to be able to provide all of those instances and all of those scenarios through Booking.com, so they become comfortable with that, rather than in the past, they feel if I need a hotel, I go to booking, and if I need a vacation rental, I go to company X, Y or Z. The markets have traditionally been very different because the nature of the markets were very different. But more and more over time, and I think we’re partly shaping that, and I believe that’s ultimately going to be the outcome, the markets get a little bit mixed because a person says, hey, I’m going to Barcelona or I’m going to Rio de Janeiro and I need to find a place to stay. It’s a very common question asked, where am I going to stay. And relative to that scenario, we want to provide them an option. And by having more optionality in that, you can drive incrementality because the person may not find quite the right thing on a site that has a more narrow set of options. But on a broad set of options, maybe they have a certain price range and a certain thing they’re looking for we’ll be able to satisfy that. Or in a market like San Francisco or New York, if ADRs in hotels are really high, maybe a business person ends up in an apartment. Or if you’ve got a big event on like the World Cup or the Olympics where everything gets sold out, having all of this incremental supply offers more beds that people can sleep in. So I think about it if today the market is very different between the vacation rental buyer and a hotel buyer, over time that’ll only coalesce to become a more similar market, because all it is human beings looking for a place to stay. And I think that’s generally the case that we’re seeing on our site. Now certainly vacation rental stays are generally bigger groups, they’re generally longer length of stay, slightly higher ADR, relatively good take rate, there’s all these fundamentals that reflect the market of today. But I do believe that those things will continue to change. And I think just like B&Bs used to be a very different thing than hotels, I think over time accommodations will become more similar than less similar because it’s the same customer.
Lloyd Walmsley: Thanks. That’s helpful color. Appreciate it.
Darren Huston: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Douglas Anmuth with JPMorgan. You may begin.
Douglas Anmuth: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Dan, I was hoping you could just provide some more color on the commentary on the non-marketing OpEx in the back half. Is this purely just a function of lapping OpenTable and BookingSuite? Or is there anything else going on there? And then also can you comment on the take rate environment, what you’re seeing particularly in Europe now? Thanks.
Daniel Finnegan: Sure, Doug. So in terms of take rates, I mentioned before, our take rates are very stable. If you look at our margin picture in general, the different ways that our margins are impacted, take rate stable, also in terms of revenue we are not aggressively discounting out of our margins, so we’re stable there. In terms of take rate, just with what we believe to be one of the lowest cost distribution alternatives for our accommodation partners, we feel like that’s stable for the long run. And then in terms of advertising, we talked about offline advertising. Over the long run, we should see stable to margin leverage there as we end up spending in the markets we want to spend at the levels we want to spend. We could see pressure from time to time as we enter a new market or we increase our spending in the market, but over the long run we should have leverage there. The online advertising is a big variable. It’s very hard to predict. But the OpEx is much more under our control. And we’ve had a good track record there over many years, so we feel comfortable that over the long term we can have operating leverage in that line item. For Q3 and Q4, it is largely that we’re lapping the acquisition of OpenTable and the acquisitions we’ve made in the Booking Suite area, but as we’ve seen from time to time in the past, we have some lumpiness in the investments that we make in the core business. So in the early part of the year, we typically ramp up our customer service teams, our hotel teams to get ready for peak travel season, and then we see leverage in that line item. Over the long run I think we’ll continue to see leverage there.
Douglas Anmuth: Okay. Great. Thanks for the color.
Daniel Finnegan: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question is from Kevin Kopelman with Cowen & Co. You may begin.
Kevin Kopelman: Hi. Thanks a lot. Could you just give us an update on the rate parity landscape in Europe given the changes to your agreements with hoteliers there? Thanks.
Darren Huston: Yes, thanks, Kevin. So at the highest level I think for those who follow this, we worked with the competition authorities in France, Sweden and Italy, came to an agreement on what we call a narrow MFN, which basically allows us to keep parity with the hotel’s website and Expedia’s also agreed to that. We’ve had a number of countries come out formally, Austria, Denmark, [ph] saying they agree to us. Many others informally have dropped their cases against us. We’ve got one challenge in France a law that’s come out banning parity, which we weren’t consulted on or anything, but will come into effect. We of course will follow the law. But I think the basic bottom line to understand in this whole discussion, we will never charge our customers more. You can’t say it clearer and we will never charge our customers more. So we will adjust to whatever environment it is and we’ll make sure that we get the best pricing for our customer. And in some case we have so much innovation we could do to make sure our customers don’t get shown prices that are uncompetitive, and I don’t believe the new law in France is good for consumers, I don’t think it’s good for the French tourism, I don’t think it’s good for small properties in France, I actually think it’s quite negative, but it is what it is and we will adjust our model. And our business in France is really strong, both from a booker standpoint as well as bookings coming into France. So it doesn’t concern me too much other than just a lot of the time invested in this whole area. And I strongly believe - parity was an invention of the hotel industry itself. I strongly believe it’s a good way that all travel should be sold on a basis where customers don’t spend too much time searching and that they decide which channel from an agnostic standpoint that they want to buy through. But we’re more than ready to compete under any set of standards and hope that the narrow MFN will be accepted more broadly across Europe.
Kevin Kopelman: Thanks, Darren.
Darren Huston: Thank you.
Darren Huston: Okay. I guess that’s it. Thank you all for joining our conference call and look forward to speaking to you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. Thanks for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-07 07:30:00) =====
Executives: Darren Huston - President and CEO Daniel Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Justin Post - Merrill Lynch Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets Tom White - Macquarie Stephen Ju - Credit Suisse Eric Sheridan - UBS Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank Ron Josey - JMP Securities Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Company Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley Manish Hemrajani - Oppenheimer
Operator: Welcome to the Priceline Group’s First Quarter 2015 Conference Call. The Priceline Group would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecast in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause the Group’s actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor Statement at the end of the Group’s earnings press release, as well as the Group’s most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, the Priceline Group undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of the Group’s earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement is available in the For Investors section of the Priceline Group’s website, www.priceline.com. And now, I would like to introduce the Priceline Group’s speakers for this afternoon, Darren Huston and Daniel Finnegan. Go ahead gentleman.
Darren Huston : Okay, thank you very much. And welcome to The Priceline Group’s first quarter conference call. Thank you for joining us, before the markets open this morning in New York. I’m here in Amsterdam with Priceline Group’s CFO, Dan Finnegan. The Group reported consolidated gross bookings for the fourth quarter of approximately $13.8 billion, up 12% year-over-year or about 26% on a local currency basis. Room nights exceeded 100 million for the first time during the quarter while growth accelerated slightly to 25%. Non-GAAP earnings per share was $8.12, up 4% versus prior year surpassing FactSet consensus estimates of $7.72 per share and our guidance for the quarter. Our U.S dollar denominated growth rates were substantially impacted by the stronger dollar. Our international business recorded 29% gross bookings growth on a local currency basis, up from 27% last quarter. Gross bookings benefited from growth in hotel supply at Booking.com which now has over 640,000 hotels and other accommodations in over 200 countries and territories, up 40% over last year. We are continuing to ramp new property acquisition including individually owned vacation rentals with new on-boarding tools that allow owners to list their property quickly and easily on our websites. Vacation rentals nearly doubled year-over-year to 275,000, instantly bookable and confirmable properties including villas, chalets, apartments, aparthotels and other self-catered products. Two important innovations were also launched at Booking.com in the first quarter. Booking Now, our mobile phone app for spontaneous bookers and Booking Suite, our partner facing software services platform, both launches were executed well and early results are encouraging. Each of these growth expansions represent innovation beachhead that will be further expanded upon in the coming weeks, months and quarters. International results also benefited from agoda.com and rentalcars.com, both of which accelerated in the quarter. Kayak and OpenTable continue to pursue the international opportunity; and where much work has been done and both businesses are growing, there is still a lot of potential ahead of us. Kayak is focused on product innovation and brand building and has made some solid business progress, particularly in Europe. OpenTable has now more or less completed its technical REIT platform into more modern cloud based architecture. We are now executing plans to optimize the product and roll it out globally. Against these plans, we will take a determined by test and learn approach over the coming quarters as we have with all our businesses. Demand for OpenTable solutions from both restaurants and customers remains very strong. Priceline.com’s domestic growth continued to be hampered by the shrinking opaque business. Priceline.com’s retail business remains healthy including acceleration in the retail hotels and the new management team there is poised to rejuvenate and maximize the potential of the Priceline.com brand. We also acquired Rocketmiles in the first quarter, an innovative hotel booking platform for frequent flyers based in Chicago. Rocketmiles is being managed independently as part of our Priceline Ventures portfolio. Mobile’s interrupted growth in share of our business continues. From Booking.com’s Booking Now app for spontaneous or last minute bookers to priceline.com’s iWatch app to our pay with OpenTable Mobile Payments app to Kayak’s mobile itinerary management tools, innovation and execution on mobile is in our DNA and critical to the Group’s continued success. Across the Group, our customers completed over 100 million reservations from their smartphones in the last 12 months, and that number continues to grow very rapidly. We believe the Group’s business performed well in the first quarter and we are pleased with the progress of our brands in growing and improving their platforms. Our fundamental growth momentum as measured by units and in constant currency remains strong. We again delivered strong organic performance on both the top and bottom-line, providing substantial earnings to reinvest in profitable growth and share buybacks while maintaining attractive operating margins. We repurchased $309 million of our common stock during the quarter and have the remaining authorization of $2.8 billion remaining for future quarters. I believe as strongly as ever that our formula of out-innovating the competition, smart and sustainable organic growth and earning versus buying our customers’ loyalty through best-in-class consumer experiences end-to-end and across devices is the winning long-term formula. I commend my colleagues around the world for their focus and execution. I will now turn over to Dan for a more detailed summary of our financials.
Daniel Finnegan: Thanks Darren. I will discuss some of the highlights and operating results and cash flows for the quarter and then provide guidance for the second quarter of 2015. As we highlighted when we gave guidance for Q1 in February, our U.S. dollar reported results are impacted more dramatically by extreme currency volatility than most companies because about 90% of our full year 2014 gross bookings and operating income were generated by our international brands. Our two most impactful currencies, the euro and the British pound were weaker by about 18% and 9% respectively for Q1 as compared to the prior year. The euro was also about 2% weaker compared to the rate assumed in our Q1 guidance. The strong U.S. dollar means our gross bookings, gross profit, operating expenses, adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP net income mathematically translates into significantly fewer dollars than they would have at last year’s exchange rates for Q1, Q2 and the remainder of the year. Since our expenses are denominated in foreign currencies on a basis similar to our revenues, they will also translate into fewer dollars. Therefore, our operating margins are not significantly impacted by currency fluctuations and we believe that the impact of currency on our bottom-line is generally similar to the top-line impact. However, due to our normal business seasonality, the bottom-line currency impact is somewhat less pronounced in Q1 than the top-line impact. Although the stronger dollar has a significant negative impact on our growth expressed in dollars, the fundamental performance of our business is still evident in our unit growth rates and our growth rates expressed in constant currency for gross bookings, international gross bookings and gross profit. Q1 was a strong quarter for Priceline Group, accelerating unit growth paired with less margin pressure than forecasted, resulted in over-performance compared to consensus at both the top and bottom-line. Room night growth was strong relative to Q4 across all our key regions. Room nights booked grew by 25% in the first quarter accelerating slightly compared to the 24% growth rate for Q4. Rental car days grew by 18% in Q1, also accelerating compared to Q4 growth of 16%. Average daily rates per accommodations or ADRs for Q1 2015 were up on a constant currency basis by about 2% for the consolidated group. Q1 gross bookings grew by about 26% on a constant currency basis and by about 12% in U.S dollars compared to prior year. International gross bookings grew by about 29% on a constant currency basis and by about 14% in U.S. dollars. Gross bookings for our priceline.com brand business in the U.S. grew by 2%. Similar to recent quarters, the results are a mix of solid growth in retail room nights and rental car days offset by declines in Name Your Own Price services which continue to be challenged by a lack of discounted rates. Gross profit for the quarter was $1.7 billion and grew by about 32% on a constant currency basis and by 19% in U.S dollars compared to prior year. Our international operations generated gross profit of $1.4 billion which grew by about 30% on a constant currency basis and by 15% in U.S. dollar compared to prior year. Gross profit for our U.S. operations, including OpenTable’s U.S. business amounted to $277 million which represented 38% growth versus prior year. OpenTable generated worldwide revenue in Q1 of about $61 million. Non-GAAP operating income amounted to 31.1% of non-GAAP gross profit for Q1 which is 448 bps lower than last year. As I said when we gave guidance for the quarter, we are investing an OpEx to add people, offices and IT capacity to build up the capability of the business to handle future growth. Q1 also reflects deleverage from the inclusion of OpEx for OpenTable and our Booking Suite of hotel marketing services. Online advertising also had deleverage due to lower ROIs and gross bookings acceleration that benefits revenue in Q2 and Q3 when Easter and summer travel takes place. Investments in OpEx and advertising typically have a more pronounced impact on profitability in Q1 when we earn a lower percentage of our annual gross profit due to the normal seasonality of our business. Operating margins did come in better than our guidance however due mainly to lower than forecasted non-advertising OpEx. Adjusted EBITDA for Q1 amounted to $532 million which exceeded the top end of our guidance range of $510 million and represents 4% growth versus prior year. Non-GAAP net income grew by 3% including interest expense from our recent bond offerings and non-GAAP EPS grew by 4%. In terms of cash flow, we generated approximately $209 million of cash from operations during first quarter 2015 which is about 18% above last year. We invested $31 million in CapEx and repurchased 251,000 shares of our common stock for $309 million in Q1. We expect to execute the remainder of our $3 billion common stock buyback program going forward to return capital to shareholders at a pace that makes sense relative to available cash in the U.S. and potential other uses for such capital. We completed two successful financing transactions in Q1 at attractive interest rates. We raised EUR 1 billion for our U.S. parent company by offering a 12-year bond in Europe at 1.8% interest rate. We also raised $500 million by issuing a 10-year bond in the U.S. investment grade market with 3.65% interest rate. Our cash in investments amounted to $9.6 billion at March 31, 2015 with about $2.5 billion of that balance in the U.S. Now for Q2 guidance. The travel market continues to be fundamentally healthy from occupancy and ADR perspective broadly and in Europe. We are pleased with the resilient unit growth that our business has delivered historically and is inherent in our Q2 forecast. Our guidance assumes that our growth rates will decelerate for the quarter due to the size of our business. Our Q2 forecast assumes foreign exchange rates of $1.12 per euro and $1.51 per British pound for the remainder of the quarter which would result in average exchange rates that would be weaker by about 19% for the Euro and about 11% for the British pound as compared to the prior year. As a result, our gross bookings, gross profit, operating expenses, adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP net income will mathematically translate into significantly fewer dollars than they would have at last year’s exchange rate for Q2 and the reminder of the year. Barring further deterioration in exchange rates we believe that Q2 represents our toughest year-over-year currency comp for 2015. For Q2 guidance, we are forecasting total gross bookings to grow by 15% to 22% on a constant currency basis and by 0% to 7% in U.S. dollars with U.S. gross bookings growing by about 0% to 5%. We expect international gross bookings to grow by 17% to 24% on a constant currency basis and by 0% to 7% in U.S. dollars. Our Q2 forecast assumes that local currency ADRs for the consolidated group will be up by less than 2% compared to the prior year period. We expect Q2 revenue to grow year-over-year by approximately 0% to 7% and gross profit to grow by 17% to 24% on a local currency basis and by 1% to 8% in U.S. dollars. We expect the decline in our Name Your Own Price service will continue to negatively impact revenue growth rates in Q2. We expect about 550 bps of deleverage in non-GAAP operating margins compared to prior year, expressed as non-GAAP operating income as a percentage of gross profit. Q2 forecast reflects the impact of investing in OpEx to add people, offices and IT capacity to build up the capability of the business to handle future growth. Q2 also reflects OpEx for OpenTable and our Booking Suite of hotel marketing services. While we are not giving earnings guidance beyond Q2, we do expect pressure on operating margins from non-advertising OpEx to significantly diminish over the back half of the year as we lap the OpenTable acquisition and the launch of our Booking Suite initiative. Our Q2 advertising forecast assumes lower online ad ROIs and increased investment in offline advertising including rolling out campaigns in new markets. Our approach to advertising spend is consistent with our past approach. We invest in a manner that we believe is sustainable over the long-term with the goal of building our brands with the consumers. We then strive to win the loyalty of our customers by giving them the most choices and the best booking experience across all devices they use to search and book. This approach has resulted in the nice balance between top and bottom-line growth and loyal customers that over time are increasingly coming to us directly rather than through pay channels. Our adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $715 million and $765 million which is the midpoint to the decrease of 9% versus prior year. As I mentioned a moment ago, we estimate the currency impact on EBITDA growth dissimilar to the impact that we’re forecasting for gross profit. Adjusted EBITDA growth is also impacted by deleverage and operating margins just discussed. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax rate of approximately 15% comprised of international income taxes and alternative minimum tax and state income taxes in the U.S. The non-GAAP EPS forecast also reflects the dilutive impact of a full quarter of interest expense from the bond offerings we did in Q1 without any assumed share repurchases we may make using the proceeds. We are targeting non-GAAP fully diluted EPS of approximately $10.95 to $11.75 per share which is the midpoint to the decrease of 9% versus prior year. Our non-GAAP EPS guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of 52.8 million shares based upon yesterday’s closing stock price. We forecast GAAP EPS between $8.85 and $9.65 per share for Q2. The difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP results is driven by non-GAAP adjustments that are detailed in our earnings release. Consistent with past practice, we have hedge contracts in place to substantially shield our second quarter EBITDA and net earnings from any further fluctuation in the euro and British pound versus the dollar between now and the end of the quarter. The hedges do not offset the impact of translation on our gross bookings, revenue, gross profit or operating income. They also do not hedge us against fluctuations in other currencies and do not hedge our earnings beyond the second quarter. Although we remain concerned about our economic conditions in general, our forecast does not assume any further deterioration in macroeconomic conditions. We will now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. You may begin.
Justin Post: When we look at your bookings guidance for 2Q, it looks pretty healthy and consistent with Q1 but it does seem like gross profit is decelerating ex FX. Can you just talk about the dynamics there? And then as you look at the marketing deleverage, are you seeing really pressure on ROI or what’s really driving that; is it mix of businesses or what’s really guiding? Thank you.
Daniel Finnegan: So, in terms of gross profit, we’re seeing very healthy performance there. The impact of OpenTable is a little bit more significant in Q1, the inorganic impact, just given the normal seasonality of our travel businesses. And in terms of the online advertising forecast, ROIs are the key driver there. We don’t go into the all the building blocks behind what are putting the pressure on the ROIs. But it’s a story we’ve been telling you now for a couple of years and we saw in Q1 and we’re forecasting it to continue in Q2.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney of RBC Capital Markets. You may begin.
Mark Mahaney: Darren, I think you mentioned that Agoda bookings showed acceleration. Could you give any more color on what’s happening there? And also talk about the China outbound market to the extent that that’s building up in materiality? Thank you.
Darren Huston: So first of all, the way I think about Agoda is more broadly how things are going in Asia. And as you know, we have two big brands in Asia, Agoda and Booking.com and together we have a really strong business. Agoda has traditionally been a business of Southeast Asian bookers but it’s really expanded nicely to include a lot of North Asian bookers and Oceania. At the same time, Booking.com, we started the European business. It’s had a lot of success expanding into Asia. And really the real strength of the two brands has been Asians moving around Asia. So, you have a lot of movement right now between China and Japan, Taiwan and Japan, Korea and Japan, and there’s a lot of movement also Australian going to Southeast Asia, Southeast Asians also going to North Asia. So we participate then in a lot of movement within Asia; and both brands continue to grow and have a lot of success. China specifically is an amazing market. You know we have our relationship with Ctrip. We are constantly meeting with the teams. I just got back from China and met with James and Jane and its’ turning out to be a great partnership. Our outbound business with them is up quite significantly year-over-year. That said, we have more work to do still. We haven’t on-boarded Ctrip’s inventory as fast as I’d hoped. There are a lot of issues we’re working through. We’re also exploring the need to ramp up our own efforts in China to bring on inventory. And also Ctrip is not our only relationship in China; we’ve got a lot of deep partnerships with various other source of demand. So we are very bullish. I believe the Group is really leading in independent travel outbound from China. I mean most Chinese do still travel in packages and over time that’s going to change. And I think we’re in a really nice position in that specific market which is going to be likely in the next 5 to 10 years, the largest outbound market in the world and we’re making sure that we’re serving it as well as we can.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tom White with Macquarie. You may begin.
Tom White: Dan, could you may be just clarify a bit about some of your comments around FX impact on EBITDA in 1Q. It sounds like maybe it was less impacted due to FX. And I am just kind of curious, did that sort of reverse; how does that play into the 2Q guidance? And then just quickly on the European competitive landscape, one of your competitors is making concessions on their take, hotel take rates in Europe to get more competitive. Are you guys seeing any sign that that’s impacting your ability to, I guess get share of rooms for given properties? And may be just comment on how badly may be your international hotel partners, do they need additional sources of distribution generally? Thanks.
Darren Huston: Dan, why don’t you take first one and I will take second one.
Daniel Finnegan: So, on that first question, we give you a specific calculation for the impact of currency on the top-line, both for gross bookings and gross profit. It’s easy for us to precisely calculate -- may be not easy but we can precisely calculate that because we know the currencies that all of those bookings and gross profit are generated in. It’s a little bit more difficult at the bottom line because particularly online advertising we’re making various assumptions as to the currencies that some of the keywords would pertain to. What we determine based upon our estimates is that generally the impact at the bottom-line is similar to what we’re quantifying for you at the top-line. In Q1, the impact is not as dramatic because just seasonally less of our earnings are denominated in euros in Q1. So, it’s about 14 percentage points at the gross profit line, you can assume it something less than that at the EBITDA line.
Darren Huston: And Tom, on your question on competition in Europe, we haven’t seen any specific impact. We really set the low bar on take rates. And as we continue to grow in Europe, I am sure there is a lot of pressure on our competitors. It’s hard to take commission that start with the 2 in Europe when we’re -- everything we have starts with the 1. But we’re really the one setting the standard. And I think there’s probably -- competitors have to match that if they are going to ultimately get access to availability. We’ve always believed that any hotel, any partner should have various sources of demand. We don’t cover every customer base in the world. So, we would encourage them to use channel managers, have all the sources of demand that they can find. And of course, we want to build our fair market share of those rooms. So, I don’t see anything specifically that’s coming from that rather than just probably a long overdue balancing, rebalancing in the market as it relates to take rate. But our business just got out of the market in Europe; it’s very healthy and our position I feel very good about.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Stephen Ju with Credit Suisse. You may begin.
Stephen Ju: Thanks. So Darren, from a unit growth and units sold perspective, rental car days, you just outpaced the growth of your hotel room nights sold but more recently that has slowed. It seems like that should be a less online penetrated center in travel, so the growth rate should be higher as a result. So, can you help us reconcile what may be going on; is the supply a lot more constrained or is online penetration a lot higher than we think? Thanks.
Darren Huston: I don’t think I would take either one of those conclusions because in both cases, even though I believe we’re likely the leaders in rental car bookings in the world online among independent parties and certainly the same on hotel room nights, in neither one are we such a big player that it reflects either one market maturing fast than the other; it’s largely our own execution. I am actually really proud of acceleration we’re now seeing in rental cars, in particular our rentalcars.com business as we’ve talked about before, used to be a very opaque model; and last summer we went to a transition to make it much more retail. So adding reviews, adding brands and that was a lot of work but we feel really good how we’ve come out of that transition and really improved their direct business, their loyalty. Much of more let’s call it a Booking.com approach to rental cars. And we’re quite excited about the momentum. But I don’t think the market specifically, neither one of them we’re reaching any kind of feeling on potential and really how fast and how hard can we execute to get to the ultimate potential of the business.
Daniel Finnegan: And just one other point I’ll add Stephen. Our retail unit growth for rental car days is much healthier than the consolidated growth rate that we quote. So Name Your Own Price rental cars are down year-over-year because of lack of availability of discounted prices. So, the growth rate for retail is more similar to what you’re seeing with the hotel business.
Operator: Our next question is from Eric Sheridan with UBS. You may begin.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe one big picture topic for Darren. Given your continued comments around marketing deleverage, and appreciated the color on direct versus paid, how do you think longer term that directed more your business, the direct channel versus the variable channel? And how much to accomplish that and how might mobile, might get into that as evolve over the next couple of years?
Darren Huston: The very highest level, our businesses becoming more direct and that’s also allowing us to lean into pay channels more. But we like as the combination of online marketing as well as our offline marketing is helping to build or brands. And we always judge things on the basis of positive ROI in the transaction. So, if I can get positive ROI in a transaction and there is enough opportunity to do that, we’re going to lean into it. It’s like fishing, here we are going to fish and then you actually have no work with the customer to make them loyal over the long term. So that rhythm in our entire business is working very well. Obviously the more direct business you have at some point as an end game where you are completely direct but open, that obviously dramatically improve the marketing economics. But we’re not as that high and we’re still, very much having to search out more and more customers to bring on to the platform. So that’s one area. I don’t Dan if you want to make comment as well on marketing.
Daniel Finnegan: No I’d say the same thing. It’s likely that some business forever will come to us through paid channels. So many people use Google as their entry point to the internet. And Meta-search with search players and TripAdvisor just having very strong brands to that some customers buy will always prefer to start there. So we like the trends that we see in terms of people continuing to increasingly come to us directly.
Darren Huston: Then your second part of your question was on mobile. Obviously there is a lot of talk, if you get somebody on a mobile app that in theory is the panacea because then their entry point to the Internet is always through you. And it’s a very vital customer but to get people on your mobile itself is marketing spend. But also there is a large chunk of business that still has to pursue mobile web. And we’re big partner of particularly Google but other search engines and meta engines. And I feel really good about how our mobile web product performs. So, I don’t think there is a place specifically in our business. We’re not a high frequency thing like Facebook or Twitter. So, our business is never going end up being 100% app and it’s always going to be a nice balance between web and app. I should say, and a of couple exceptions to that in the portfolio; OpenTable is very heavy app because of the nature of our restaurant reservation. Actually KAYAK is very heavy app because people are always checking flight schedules. There is much more frequent occurrence than actually going out and booking a hotel room or renting a rental car. And that’s why mobile web by the way performs a lot like desktop web. It’s a different product you’re buying but you’re holding it to similar ROI standards and spending as well.
Operator: Our next question is from Naved Khan of Cantor Fitzgerald. You may begin.
Naved Khan: Can you talk a little bit about the vacation rentals business and how meaningful of the competitors is it to the acceleration in room nights.
Darren Huston: So, we’re really -- I’m very happy with the progress there. As I mentioned, we’re now over 275,000 properties. I always like to remind people, the way we count properties, I would count an aparthotel as a property or a block of apartments. We actually have over 1 million rentable units. So, we actually have a very competitive supply relative to others in the market. Our vacation rental business, we don’t have a number to announce; we talked about it; maybe each year we’ll talk about that. But I will say it’s growing faster than our core business. It is a product that’s very demanded by our customer base. And we feel like our tools and our various rhythms are getting better and better at ingesting this kind of stock. We have a lot of innovations now we’re working on to get to the single owner, single property market which is a whole new market that we haven’t as to-date been addressing as well. Most of our vacation rental homes are through property management companies but there’s a large take in the market where the homeowner actually manages their home. So really excited about it; our customers seem to want the product, which obviously is important and to balance out the supply and the demand side. And we’re going to continue to push there and innovate in the coming months and quarters.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray. You may begin.
Mike Olson: You mentioned Priceline brand domestically is facing some headwinds right now, especially in the opaque business, which makes sense. But you have some new management of that brand to try to revitalize growth. So, can you talk more specifically about how the Booking.com brand is doing in U.S. and how the initiative to grow that brand domestically is, may be comparing to your expectations at this point?
Darren Huston: So we don’t release specific numbers but generally speaking, if you dig around and you ask the average U.S. hotel, they would generally say we’re the fastest growing of the players; we’re growing off of a smaller base. We’re trying all sorts of things in the U.S. For us, it’s a big growth market because we’re just starting, we under index in the U.S. And it seems it takes time and the market is also sticking with the American customer base. So, we’re excited. It’s a super high priority on my list. The Booking.com model works particularly well in really small countries that don’t speak English and people who move around countries. And for us, we generally under-index in really large countries where people don’t leave the country. And that’s where our growth, one of the angles of our growth potential is. So that’s why we focus so hard on China, Japan, United States, even Germany to really work on getting that domestic booker base as well. And so far so good but like everything in this business, it’s a lot of hard work and a lot of small steps. And we continue to invest and push forward in the U.S. market.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Douglas Anmuth with JP Morgan. You may begin.
Doug Anmuth: Dan, can you talk a little bit more about the spending and the profit guidance for 2Q? And you obviously pointed out the lower ROI for advertising as you have for several years now. But is there a difference in the marketing strategy in this 2Q versus in the past and how do we think about how much impact here is coming from OpenTable and Booking Suite spend? And I know of course you are not guiding for the rest of the year but can you just comment on how you are thinking about that more in the back half? Thanks.
Daniel Finnegan: So spending for Q2 starting off with other OpEx non-advertising, you get a sense from what you see in Q1 for what you can expect in Q2 and then pressure should subside as we move beyond that; we lap the OpenTable acquisition. In terms of advertising, no change in our approach; I actually said that in the prepared remarks. So we have been very consistent all the way through. One thing that is different in this quarter is that there is more of ramp in offline spend. So some markets that we’ve introduced recently, France for 1; Germany which we launched in the back half of last year is in our spending in Q2 this year against no spend last year, and we will be looking to roll out into additional markets as well which you will do see as we proceed through the quarter. So that’s having more pressure on Q2 margins than it did on Q1.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ross Sandler with Deutsche Bank. You may begin.
Ross Sandler: Just two questions; one, sticking with the marketing. On the offline campaign, can you talk about the impact that this is having on the overall business; I guess how many countries you are in right now? And are you seeing any improved efficacy with your online in the countries where you had the TV going for some period of time? And then the second question is around the newer hotel software business, boutique plus the other pieces. So, can you just talk about the strategy around this area; is the goal to improve the transaction side of the business or could this get built up to be a meaningful standalone business within the Group? Thanks.
Darren Huston: First of all on the offline, again it’s just a Booking.com statement. The markets we’re in now are U.S., Canada Australia, the UK, Germany and France. And the way we think about it is obviously we have a lot of micro data. So, we are trying everything we can to measure the effect of this on running an and out on this channel versus that channel and we’ve built a great team that can optimize the way we spend our advertising relative to the bookings we get from that advertising. But then when you go to the macro level, the goal is to hit in a return on advertising standard that adds both our online spend and our offline spend. And of course what you want to do is have a higher return on that total spend after you begin spending offline than you did when you only spent online. So, you always get a combination of more and more your business coming direct but also an improvement in your online spend because people might click on your ad because they saw you on television when they might not have clicked on you ad because they are like, who are these guys. And we’ve been measuring that. It usually takes some months to figure out that you’re into a positive ROA territory. And with almost every market so far we’ve proven that we can get to positive ROA, maybe not always in 12 months but we can ultimately get to positive ROA and that’s what encourages us. It doesn’t mean we can spend offline today and tomorrow our ROA is higher than it was before because that doesn’t happen that fast. So, that’s the big challenge with offline marketing. But more or less, we know have enough experience to know that that metric is getting where we want to do it and that’s why we continue to lean in the market. And ultimately the ROA improves because of the clicking but again we’re getting more and more direct business. Booking Suite, so the play there is two sides, one is building a SaaS business. This is a software business and we think because we already have a sales force in place which is the toughest thing in the SaaS business, the distribution that’s where all the costs go. But we have a sales force in place, so we can have specialists sit on our sales force and we can go and talk to many, many hotels everywhere in the world and have a set of specialists help with that. But we also already have a lot of the hotel content; we have the availability; we have a booking engine, so we can build a hotel site very fast with almost no variable costs. And that’s why the Booking Suite product is basically free, the base product. And then we earned money off the transaction. And we’ve done all of our modeling that will be a good material business for the Group. I don’t see it likely ever being bigger than our core transaction booking business but it’s a sizable business on us own. The other side of the reason of doing Booking Suite is helping our partners become more capable with technology. And the more capable they are with technology and keeping their calendars up-to-date and keeping their pricing right, the more able they are to plug in to our platform. And a third thing that is really a third is that we can do all of this and save our partners’ money and they can trust us more as a company that we do more than just building transaction, we actually make it easier to run a property. That’s another benefit. So it’s really three-fold but we’re not just doing this to be nice; it’s a real business. And we expect in let’s call it, the medium to longer term to have a pretty substantial impact on our overall business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ron Josey of JMP Securities. You may begin.
Ron Josey: I wanted to ask on the price parity clauses; I think agreement this quarter with the EU feels like hotels now some of more control on inventory availability while acquiring the same price. I’m just wondering what’s changed and what the potential impact could be. And then a quick follow on just Ross’s question around Booking Suite. I know you said it launched this quarter and a medium long term could be bigger. But where are you in sort of -- it launched but what does that mean; is the sales force telling it, that’d be helpful. Thank you. 
Darren Huston: So first on the parity clause, we’re pleased with the outcome; we wouldn’t propose it otherwise. For us, party is not a construct of the online industry; it’s actually the whole travel industry, like if you have to go to a site that sold a delta airline ticket and it will be always $10 more, it’s hard to be in business. Apple has the same thing. If you go by a Mac at an apple store and then you go to a third-party distributor, it is $10 more; there won’t be any third-party distributors. So parity is a very important construct that levels the playing field and allows us to really reach our primarily objective. Our primary objective is to always make sure that our customers get the best price, like we can’t be in businesses if our customers feel like they’re paying more using any of our assets. So, we worked through this comprise. I think it was well understood by the authorities that there is a free riding problem. In a business like ours, if our suppliers who basically load the prices on our system can load higher prices on our system and lower prices on their system. But more importantly, regardless of whether there is parity or not, if a hotel is on our system and the prices are too higher, it won’t convert. And if doesn’t convert, then it won’t show up because there is ranking mechanism anyway. They always make sure that the best product moves to the top. And our best partners have the best products of a very strong incentive to give our customers good value because our customers won’t buy things that aren’t good value. So, there is already a really strong reinforcing element. I don’t see this as having any significant impact on our business. But it’s a moving target. There is always new discussions and things but the way that our business runs and the reason customers use our product, they want to have confidence that we’re getting the best pricing. And this agreement doesn’t at all affect our rights or ability to make sure that they get the best price and that’s what’s important. And then on the booking suite topic, we don’t release right now how many sites we’re putting out maybe in a few quarters; we’ll give everyone an insight into that. But it’s off to a very strong start. So, it’s promising; the team in Seattle which was boutique is our back end team and we now have sales people out in the field; they’re really a second tier sales force. They are not in every office but they are there when a warm lead happens, it’s get handed off to somebody who really knows the depth of what they’re talking about. We’re in the bigger countries but in the smaller countries, we’re just getting to that. Our teams are just getting trained up on that. So, it’s sort of a rolling motion but early signs are very positive and the demand for the product is extremely strong which is a good feeling because it shows our partners trust us and they recognize that the value proposition is really outstanding for people who have a website in the accommodation arena.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs. You may begin.
Heath Terry: Darren, I was hoping you could kind of give us a bit of an update on how your thinking has evolved about the lifetime value of mobile app customers. I know in the conversation, in the questions you’ve answered before, you’ve generally talked about CPA as the primary value that you are driving towards, driving your ROI towards. Wondering if -- as you’ve learned more about the way mobile customers act on apps and have better understanding of sort of cross platform attribution, if the way that you are thinking about mobile app acquisition or customer acquisition relative to that LTV has changed?
Darren Huston: What we find is at least in our business and this is now more a Booking.com, Agoda rental car statement. I’ll put aside Kayak and OpenTable because of the aforementioned that they are primarily on app and they get sort of a really high repeat frequency type customer which is a different set of behaviors. But in our business, our most loyal customers, it’s a bit of a circular arc because our most loyal customers are one that carry the approximately. And our most loyal customers are the ones that bounce overall the screens. So, the app for them is not just the booking experience, it’s the thing that they carry their reservation in. We now have travel guide, so the travel guide is in the app. When they check into a hotel, immediately it says, are you happy or sad? So, all of these things come with the app and help our most loyal customers that are often who have booked with this already many times, continue to repeat with us. So, it would be a stretch to say that everyone that uses the app is a more loyal customer because the input to that generally is the more loyal. But we do find generally now going away from app and talking about mobile more generally, the move, the biggest thing that’s changing our business is the move from a single screen world where you only get one thing with us which was make a booking to a multi-screen world where you have an end-to-end experience from looking to booking to enjoying your trip on the ground is giving us more and more loyalty. The people realize there’s a lot of reasons to use our products but when it can actually make the whole experience better, people see it, well this is just a better way to do things. And it’s hard to make that multi-screen experience all tied together and we are certainly not complete with that work but it’s a huge differentiator. And for a big player like us, we have the assets and the resources to invest to make that seamless and for you to be able to do that anywhere you travel in the world. This isn’t easy work by the way because all of these softwares naturally speak with one another and you’ve got to get the right base architecture where you account can sit in the cloud. And then no matter if you are on the app with the Booking Now or you’re on Apple Watch or you’re on the website that you account immediately gets tied together. But that’s work the team has done and I think does reward the bigger players who can really plum that new sort of end-to-end multi-screen digital experience for our customers. So, I am excited. For ecommerce players, mobile is a real positive. When you are in the media business mobile has this extra trade off that it’s harder to convert something through media on a smaller screen and that’s obviously you’re seeing that trade-off between those who own the transaction and those who don’t.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Kevin Kopelman with Cowen & Company. You may begin.
Kevin Kopelman: Could you talk broadly about how you are thinking about margins in the vacation rental business compared to hotel booking, and is there any difference in how you approach ROA, that business? Thanks.
Darren Huston: First of all, you start with hotels and then below hotels there is a whole collection of things that you could call self-catered products. So first just commenting on B and Bs [ph] and apartments and things like that, we see that the commission levels and the take rates in that space are equivalent to the hotel space. We don’t feel any extra pressure. Again that’s all with the lens that we have a very low bar as it is around the world compared to most of our competition but we don’t feel pressure to go lower. When you get into the single vacation home space, we still have generally signed up without having to dilute our take rate much. We have a little bit more pressure there because the average vacation home owner, it’s a marketplace with a lot of friction and a lot of uncertainty. We’re the first and only transaction engine that works that’s instantly verifiable. So, our property has actually the calendar that works. There’s no back and forth with the consumer like once the consumer buys then they have to pay. So, there is a lot of work still yet to be done. And a lot of these players are used to marketing themselves through a classified ad or on an Internet website and they are expecting phone calls or may be some of them might be on air B and B, [ph] and there’s just different economics in that that I would say that the story is still out in the vacation home market but least to-date been able to approach in a similar way. The other argument on vacation homes is the length of stay is lot longer. The ADR is potentially higher and therefore they would argue that the take rate percentage should be lower but the absolute take rate is actually very healthy relative to the booking. Sorry, long answer to the question, I don’t feel lot of pressure but in the vacation home single owner market, we of course will compete as aggressively as we need to and be smart about the economics.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley. You may begin.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking my questions, I’ve have two. The first one is just go back to the gross profit guidance in 2Q and what you saw in the quarter. It looks like constant gross profit per room night, if I back out OpenTable was it about 1% year-on-year versus 4% last year. Is that deal mix from Agoda or there is something else going on that we should make sure we consider in our 2Q modeling? And then a higher level one did you talk about strategies to drive more direct business, any thoughts about offering a broader loyalty program for booking.com or how you think about loyalty programming at this point?
Darren Huston: Dan, why don’t you take the first, I will take the second.
Daniel Finnegan: So Brian, gross profit relative to room nights; room nights are on an as booked basis and the gross profit is on a stay basis. So, you’ve got a little bit of mismatch there. We had a strong quarter with accelerating growth. And to not insignificant degree those checkouts are going to occur in Q2 around the Easter and Q3 around summer. And the other factor is as I mentioned before OpenTable has a more dramatic inorganic benefit to Q1 because of the travel businesses are just seasonally smaller in that quarter. And so that’s gross profit that’s in our numbers with no room nights associated with it.
Darren Huston: Brian, on loyalty programs generally, so we do have a couple in the group. Agoda has a loyalty program although we’re slowly phasing that out. OpenTable has a point loyalty program. This is in the more traditional earn points earn nights, get things free. Booking.com specifically, we believe that kind of mechanism for the really infrequent traveler can be as much of a turn off as a turn on because they may only do two bookings a year, but they may be one to do one booking and they maybe do it quite frequently. And for them they want is just a great experience. So, we focus to drive loyalty; we focus very much on the product and getting them amazing pricing. When you go to a destination, it’s not about what this hotel costs, it’s about what is the selection and assortment allow me to buy and our users love the fact that they can find that place that directly matches what they need at a great value and that’s what’s driven our loyalty over time has really been product experience. That said Brian, I can tell you haven’t booked five times on bookings, because if you do within a year, we have a program called genius that we offer more of a surprise and delight fashion to our most frequent guests. And that allows an access to other close user group rates that are supplied by our hotel partners. Our hotel partners are really interested on more frequent guests; it improves their conversion and therefore improves their placement on our front-end to all customers and that’s something we’ve had in the market now going on a couple of years and it’s been really successful. So that’s been our approach to-date. It’s not that we won’t change that or always questioning these things. Rocketmiles we bought is a really interesting small company in Chicago that’s uses airline miles. That’s more we’re interesting because it’s a real fast growing very unique business but we’re obviously now brining in some people with some deep expertise within Rocketmiles; many of them came from the airline frequent flyer miles business and we’ll see if we learn anything from that that might impact our thinking differently in the future.
Daniel Finnegan: And Brian, one follow-up to your first question which is what you might have been getting at. No substantial change in our take rates in Q1 or Q2 forecast.
Operator: Our last question will be from Manish Hemrajani with Oppenheimer. You may begin.
Manish Hemrajani: As we look at room night growth up 25% year-over-year, how much of that growth is being driven by new properties, let’s say a property that has been on the platform for less than a year? And how much of the growth is being driven by all the properties?
Darren Huston: We don’t divulge that specifically but it’s a higher level; I shared this before. If you were a property on Booking.com five years ago, on average every year we’ve given you more booking. So, if you are a brand new property, you come on; and that’s always been our goal is to have enough demand so that all of our existing properties don’t feel like we’re taking business away from them but they can continue to get more and we can also feed our new properties. When you look at our property growth that 40% we talked about, the properties are getting smaller and smaller on average, not that we aren’t finding big hotels, big resorts but on average that’s getting smaller. So, our unit growth in terms of bookable properties is not growing at the pace of our business which therefore allows us to continue to keep our property partners happy is the way to think about it.
Manish Hemrajani: And then, can you comment on the recent consolidation of the space and what should we expected response to this, especially in markets where you’re under indexed versus the global travel market share? 
Darren Huston: As I said on the last call, we think the consolidation clarifies competition; it’s not the strategy we’re following. And we continue to stay focused on what we’re good at. And even if the three players are now one player, we have the same strategy in United States we’ve always had, hasn’t changed our product; it hasn’t changed our value proposition and we continue to push forward and I would say quite successfully. And by the way I say that not saying the other strategy is bad, it’s just different than what we’ve been doing. And the space that we occupy is very large and this has been said many times but it’s either a $1 trillion or $1.3 trillion, even if you add our largest competitor with us, we still make up less than 10% of the opportunity. So, it’s not like we’re running against one another every day, it’s more our segment of the business which is online travel, largely independent travelers, people leveraging Internet is as a nice tailwind behind it and we’re making sure that we do our best to capture as much about it as possible.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the question-and-answer. I would now like to turn the call back over to Darren Huston for closing remarks.
Darren Huston: Thank you for all joining us. I know a lot of our employees and others are joining this call as well, I want to thank everyone for a lot of super hard work in Q1 and we’re looking forward to a really strong Q2.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-20 07:30:00) =====
Executives: Darren Huston - President and CEO Daniel Finnegan - CFO
Analysts: Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Doug Anmuth - JPMorgan Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Tom White - Macquarie Research Equities Brian Fitzgerald - Jefferies
Operator: Welcome to the Priceline Group's Fourth Quarter 2014 Conference Call. The Priceline Group would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecast in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause the Group's actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements please refer to the Safe Harbor Statement at the end of the Group's earnings press release, as well as the Group's most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, the Priceline Group undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of the Group's earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement is available in the For Investors section of the Priceline Group's website, www.priceline.com. And now I would like to introduce the Priceline Group's speakers for this afternoon, Darren Huston and Daniel Finnegan. Sir you may begin.
Darren Huston : Okay, thank you very much. And welcome to The Priceline Group's fourth quarter conference call. Thank you for joining us before the markets open this morning in New York. I'm here with Priceline Group's CFO, Dan Finnegan. The Group reported consolidated gross bookings for the fourth quarter of approximately $10.7 billion, up 17% year-over-year or about 23% on a local currency basis. Non-GAAP earnings per share was $10.85 up 23% versus prior year surpassing FactSet consensus estimates of $10.10 per share and our guidance for the quarter. For the full year The Priceline Group reported gross bookings of just over a $50 billion, 346 million room nights, $3.5 billion in adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP earnings per share of $53.31 all up about 28% year-over-year.  Gross bookings benefited from growth in hotel supply of Booking.com which now has over 600,000 hotels and other accommodations in 212 countries and territories up 41% over last year. Booking.com continues to invest aggressively in its global supply platform building substantially differentiated hotel and accommodation supply, content and availability. Much of that growth in supply is driven by vacation rentals which more than doubled to 247,000 properties including villas, chalets, apartments, apart-hotels and other self-catered product all of which are instantly confirmable.  It is important to note that because many of our vacation rental properties have multiple units our 247,000 properties actually represent over 1 million instantly bookable and confirmable units within these properties. We continue to believe in the large untapped potential of the global vacation rental opportunity which has historically been burdened by our high friction research and fulfillment process.  In addition to aggressively growing our number of accommodation partners the group invested nearly $2.6 billion in marketing during the year. While the preponderance of that investment was in online channels Booking.com continued to build its offline competencies. Following successful TV launches in the U.S and Australia in 2013 we also ran effective campaigns in the UK, Canada and Germany. We are pleased with the return on total advertising we're seeing in these markets and will continue to explore new markets where the data tells us it makes sense to diversify our ad spend.  2014 was a tale of two cities for Priceline.com with solid growth in its retail businesses offset by declines in its opaque businesses. We believe that pressure in opaque is a reflective of a historically healthy overall travel environment in the United States which is beneficial to the balance of our group wide business.  The fast growing Asia-Pacific market was another critical component to the group's success in 2014. We believe Agoda.com and Booking.com lead the region in intra-Asian hotel and accommodation bookings and we're now harvesting the fruit of our new commercial agreement with Ctrip that we entered last year. China is a material and fast growing portion of our Asia-Pacific business and we're leaning into that opportunity in a smart and responsible fashion. RentalCars.com accelerated in Q4 comping a quarter in last year in which it also had accelerated. RentalCars has exited 2014 from a position of strength and has seen its momentum continue into 2015. KAYAK has delivered an outstanding first full year as part of the group delivering strong top-line results and bottom-line results significantly exceeded our expectations at the time of acquisition. KAYAK is heads down innovating to extend its product leadership and build its brand in Europe. Early signs for KAYA in 2015 are so far quite positive.  OpenTable our newest member to the group remains very busy laying the ground work for its cloud based re-platforming and international expansion. As I mentioned on the last call our vision for OpenTable is expansive and 2015 will be year of profitable investment. It will take time to staff and scale a European sales organization and there is no shortage of product enhancements, internal plumbing improvements and infrastructure investments to make so that OpenTable is best positioned to scale to its true global potential. I will have more to share on OpenTable's progress as the year unfolds but we're optimistic from everything we're seeing so far and our team is super motivated. In the U.S OpenTable continues to achieve high diner growth as it transitions its restaurant base to its cloud based offering and continues its rollout of Pay with OpenTable.  Mobile remains a continued bright spot for all of our brands. Just this past week Booking.com exceeded 100,000 gross transactions before cancellations or amendments on just mobile phones on two different days and we're still not in high season for bookings. On January 15 we also launched Booking Now on the Apple platform in the United States. Booking Now is our app for spontaneous or last minute bookers. Our international launch of Booking Now including the addition of all of our supported languages will start in earnest next week.  Priceline.com leads the group in the percentage of travel bookings completed on mobile on some days now approaching 50%. KAYAK and OpenTable both have flourishing businesses on their app especially in the United States which drives strong repeat traffic. From a very small part of our business just a few years ago mobile has become a mission critical part of the group both to deliver transactions and to deliver great end to end experiences for our guests. Excellent execution of our mobile platforms has been critical to the group success and overall market share gains this year.  The group performed well in 2014 exceeding expectations throughout the year and growing more in one year on an absolute basis than in any year in our history. As we enter 2015 we see continued strong momentum in our business across the board. Our biggest short-term challenge is currency. With over 90% of our business in our international brands and a significant majority of that being transacted in non-U.S dollar currencies mostly the euro and the British pound but also to a lesser effect the Brazilian real, Australia Canadian dollars, Russian ruble, Thai baht and Turkish lira this presents mostly a translation challenge.  Our fundamental growth momentum as measured by units or in constant currency remains strong. Unlike some other companies who have reported a currency challenge again is largely a translational challenge and not a mismatch of revenue and expenses. We remain steadfastly committed to our formulae of out-executing and out-innovating the competition. We are in this scheme for the long run making a smart and sustainable investment in our products and services every day of the year.  We invest in profitable growth and our earning our customers loyalty through superior customer offerings and branded experiences. We believe we have a winning sustainable strategy and have observed a growing mix of direct business all year while delivering market leading organic performance on both the top-line and bottom-line. We also believe we can win with strong margins in the face of heated competition and have a long history of managing our costs extremely well and plan to continue our track record of strong leverage and margin management.  All that said we're also not afraid to use our resources to invest assertively when investments make sense as we believe it currently does in online demand channels and most recently into our OpenTable and booking suite investments in particular. We looked at various options to use our capital in the current environment. Today we're announcing that the Priceline Board has given us the authority to repurchase up to $3 billion of our common stock. We believe this is a good use of capital and reflects our confidence in the long-term prospects of the group.  It has been a privilege this year -- past year as group CEO to lead a team of such talented and dedicated people at all the brands. There is no better job on the planet in my opinion and I am enthusiastic about all of the opportunities facing each of our brands. I want to thank our employees around the world for delivering another terrific year for their brands and for the group. I will now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review. 
Daniel Finnegan: Thanks, Darren. I'll discuss some of the highlights in operating results and cash flows for the quarter and then provide guidance for the first quarter of 2015. Q4 was a strong quarter from both the top and bottom-line perspective. Unit growth is an important metric to focus on for our business to understand core performance excluding the impact of currency.  Room nights booked grew by 24% in the fourth quarter decelerating modestly compared to the 27% growth rate for Q3. Rental car days grew by 16% in Q4 reflecting accelerating retail growth offset by a decrease for Name Your Own Price rental car reservations. Strong momentum in room night and rental car day unit growth has carried over into Q1 as we will see in a moment when we review Q1 guidance. Average daily rates for accommodations or ADRs for Q4, 2014 were up on a local currency basis by about 1.5% for the consolidated group.  Q4 gross bookings grew by about 23% on a local currency basis and by about 17% in U.S dollars compared to prior year. Our Q4 international gross bookings grew by about 27% on a local currency basis and by about 19% in U.S dollars. Gross bookings for our Priceline.com brand business in the U.S grew by 3%. The Priceline team is doing a great job improving the experience for customers on the website which is driving nice conversion improvements. The result has been accelerating retail room nights and rental car growth.  However our Name Your Own Price services continue to be hamstrung by lack of discounted rates. Gross profit for the quarter was $1.7 billion and grew by about 33% on a constant currency basis and by 26% in U.S dollars compared to prior year. Our international operations generated gross profit of $1.4 billion which grew by about 32% on a constant currency basis and by 24% in U.S dollar compared to prior year. Gross profit for our U.S. operations, including OpenTable's U.S. business amounted to $241 million which represented 35% growth versus prior year. OpenTable generated total growth wide revenue in Q4 of about $59 million non-GAAP operating income amounted to 41.4% of gross profit for Q4 which is 132 bps lower than last year. Operating margins reflect investments we made in offline advertising and other OpEx, to build our brands and support growth initiatives in restaurant reservations and our booking suite of hotel marketing services. Operating margins did come in better than our guidance however due mainly to less than forecasted year-over-year decline in online advertising ROIs. Adjusted EBITDA for Q4 amounted to $712 million which exceeded the top end of our guidance range of $665 million and represents 23% growth versus prior year. Non-GAAP net income grew by 22% and non-GAAP EPS grew by 23%. In terms of cash flow, we generated approximately $755 million of cash from operations during fourth quarter 2014 which was about 36% above last year. We invested $41 million on CapEx and repurchased 443,000 shares of our common stock in for $505 million in Q4. As Darren mentioned earlier this month our board authorized us to repurchase up to $3 billion of our common stock. We expect to execute the program going forward to return capital to shareholders at a pace that we think makes sense relative to available cash in the U.S and potential other uses for such capital. Our cash and investments amounted to $8 billion at year end, with about $1.2 billion of that balance in the U.S.  We were pleased to recently receive a strong investment grade credit rating from Moody's which is in line with our current rating from S&P. This positions us well as we continue to monitor debt markets in the U.S and Europe for opportunities to raise capital at attractive rates. The full year 2014 Priceline Group grew room nights and gross bookings by 28%. Adjusted EBITDA amounted to about $3.5 billion and grew 29% while the business generated $2.9 billion of cash from operations. The companies delivered an operating margin expressed as non-GAAP operating income divided by gross profit of 44.7%. I thank our people around the world for their hard work and dedication to deliver these strong results. Their talent and relentless execution to add properties rental car suppliers and restaurants continuously innovate on our website and apps and officially bring new customers to our brands with online and offline advertising this responsible for our success. I am also pleased with the balance of outstanding top line and bottom line growth and in ultra-competitive market.  Now for Q1 guidance. I'd like to take a moment talk about the impact of the foreign currency exchange rates on our financial results. As Darren mentioned about 90% of our gross bookings and operating income for 2014 are generated by our international brands. Therefore as we've seen in the past during the financial crisis and the European sovereign debt crisis, extreme volatility in foreign exchange rates significantly impacts our operating results as we translate them into U.S dollars. Our Q1 forecast assumes foreign exchange rates for the remainder of the quarter are equal to yesterday's closing rates at this exchange rates are gross bookings, gross profit, operating expenses, adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP net income will mathematically translate into significantly fewer dollars than they would have last year's exchange rates for Q1 and the remainder of the year.  Specifically our forecast for two of our most impactful currencies the euro and the British pound assumes rates remain at a $1.14 per euro and $1.54 per British pound which would result an average exchange rates to would be weaker by about 17% for the euro and about 8% for the British pound for Q1 as compared to the prior year.  I highlight that $1.14 euro exchange rate assumed that our forecast is about 9% weaker than the dollar 25 exchange rate that prevailed that time in reported Q3 and most analysts last updated their forecast.  On the positive side our expenses are denominated in foreign currency on a basis similar to our revenues. So our expenses will also translate into fewer dollars. Therefore our operating margins are not significantly impacted by currency fluctuations and we believe that the impact of currency are our bottom line is generally similar to the top line impact. However due to our normal business seasonality but the bottom-line currency impact is somewhat less pronounced in Q1 and slightly more pronounced in Q3. Below the stronger dollar has a significant negative impact on our growth expressing dollars the fundamental performance of our businesses is still evident in the resilient unit growth driving our forecasted total gross bookings, international gross bookings and gross profit growth on a constant currency basis. We believe the true performance of our business will eventually show through at our U.S dollar financial statements when the dollar stabilizes relative to other currencies in general and the Euro in particular. We're pleased with the high growth rates the business has consistently delivered over the past several years despite its size. The travel market remains fundamentally healthy from an occupancy and ADR perspective broadly and in Europe.  Our guidance reflects a strong start to the first quarter and our assumption that our growth rates will decelerate as we proceed through the remainder of the quarter due to the size of our business. For Q1 guidance we're forecasting total gross bookings to grow by 14% to 21% on a constant currency basis and by 2% to 9% in U.S dollars with U.S gross bookings growing by about 0% to 5%. We expect international gross bookings to grow by 17% to 24% on a constant currency basis and by 3% to 10% in U.S dollars.  Our Q1 forecast assumes that local currency ADRs for the consolidated group will be up by slightly less than 1% compared to the prior year period. We expect Q1 revenue to grow year-over-year by approximately 4% to 11% and gross profits grow by 21% to 28% on a local currency basis and by 9% to 16% in U.S dollars. We expect the declines in our Name Your Own Price service will continue to negatively impact revenue growth rates in Q1.  We expect about 550 bps of deleverage in non-GAAP operating margins compared to prior year expressed as operating income as a percentage of gross profit driven mainly by non-advertising operating expenses. As we have done in the past we are investing in OpEx to add people, offices and IT capacity to build up the capability of the business to handle future growth. Q1 also reflects OpEx for OpenTable and our booking suite of hotel marketing services. Our Q1 online advertising forecast reflects our actual results to-date and assumes increased pressure on add efficiency throughout the remainder of the quarter based upon the trends we have experienced over the last couple of years.  Investments in OpEx and advertising typically have a more pronounced impact on profitability in Q1 where we earn a lower percentage of our annual gross profit due to the normal seasonality for our business. While we're not giving earnings guidance beyond Q1 we do expect pressure on operating margins from non-advertising OpEx to significantly diminish as we proceed throughout the year and lap the OpenTable acquisition and the launch of booking suite initiative.  Adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $475 million and $510 million which at the midpoint is a decrease of 4% versus prior year. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax rate of approximately 15% comprised of international income taxes and alternative minimum tax and state income from taxes in the U.S. We are targeting non-GAAP fully diluted EPS of approximately $7.20 to $7.75 per share which at the midpoint is a decrease of 4% versus prior year. Our non-GAAP EPS guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of 52.7 million shares based upon yesterday's closing stock price.  We forecast GAAP EPS between $5.25 and $5.80 per share for Q1. The difference between GAAP and non-GAAP results is driven by non-GAAP adjustments that are detailed in our earnings release. Consistent with past practice we have hedge contracts in place to substantially shield our first quarter EBITDA and net earnings from any further fluctuation in the euro and British pound versus the dollar between now and the end of the quarter. But these hedges do not offset the impact on translation on our gross bookings, revenue, gross profit or operating income, do not hedge us against fluctuations in other currencies and do not hedge our earnings beyond the first quarter.  Although we remain concerned about economic conditions in general and in our key European markets in particular our forecast does not assume any further deterioration in macro-economic conditions. We will now take your questions. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Heath Terry of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. 
Heath Terry: Just a couple of questions. If you could provide us a little bit more detail on, you mentioned ADR growth being less than 1% in the quarter. But if you look more specifically, particularly at the Eurozone, what you're seeing from a consumer demand perspective and just willingness to spend on travel, whether the day-to-day data points you're seeing are positive or negative from any trend perspective. And then you mentioned that as we go through or past Q1 that the operating margin pressure should diminish. As that happens are there incremental positive ROI growth channels from a customer acquisition or business acquisition perspective that you see out there that you can allocate those dollars to accelerate growth or do you simply expect to see that fall to the bottom-line?
Darren Huston: This is Darren I'll take the ADR growth European economy issue and maybe Dan can comment on operating margins. No in general certainly everyone knows what's going on the euro but we're not sensing overall that there are big issues with consumer demand in Europe. Its kind a mixed bag certainly Russian outbound is down for obvious reasons, although Russian domestic travel is still quite strong. France specifically is still in a bit of malaise both as a destination and as bookers, but that's made up for the fact that the Brits as bookers are very strong the German as bookers are very strong and Southern Europe it looks like it's going to be very popular this spring and summer. So overall the U.S. is definitely one of the hottest markets in the world, but that Europe is holding up quite well at least the early signs in 2015.
Daniel Finnegan: And Heath on operating margins so yes we said that we expect the pressure to diminish as we go throughout the year as it relates to other non-advertising OpEx expenses. We already advertise aggressively in all variable channels and we'll spend an unlimited amount of money there regardless of what's going on with OpEx as long as we can get a fair return on our investment, so the impact of less margin pressure from OpEx should benefit bottom-line and the how advertising plays out is just completely separate story.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Justin Post of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now opened.
Justin Post: Just talking a little bit on a high level on the space, obviously Expedia has had a lot of acquisition news lately. Does that really change anything for Priceline? And they do have their room nights up at a faster rate, so how does that affect the overall environment, if you can provide any help on that?  And then, secondly on mobile, it looks like mobile is growing as a piece of your business. Are the upfront costs to acquire customers more there? And do you expect a longer pay pack? Are they coming back more frequently direct on mobile? Maybe a little bit about the mobile channel versus PC. Thank you.
Darren Huston: This is Darren. I guess I'll take both questions. First of all as it relates to what if Travelocity the pending deal with Orbitz, it's hard I'm not Expedia, so I can't exactly -- don't know exactly what they're doing but it sounds like a consolidation strategy. Our focus as a group is quite different than that. We're very focused primarily on organic growth and acquisition.  And from an acquisition standpoint, we're focused on buying premium winning brands that either add new geographies or business verticals or competencies new channels that we can add to our existing brands so if you look at our history as a group whether it was buying booking.com to compete in Europe, Agoda Asia Rentalcars in rental cars, KAYAK in meta, OpenTable in restaurants and then recently Buuteeq to help build our booking suite business it's all been adjacent growth versus doubling or tripling down on similar brands.  My own view is I don't see the deal that Expedia if it passes as being a negative for our group I think of anything it consolidates and clarifies competition and there's still plenty of room to grow. If you think travel market it was 1 trillion market recently someone said it was 1.3 trillion market so if you add both all of our business and Expedia's business together still less than 10% of the total opportunity space. And if you look at the U.S. specifically for us it's all upside and we plan to work very hard to continue to increase our share in the U.S. market, so to me it just shows that there's a tremendous potential ahead and we're just staying very focused on what we do well and I'm sure Expedia will do the same so I don't see it overall as a negative. In terms of Expedia's growth rates we obviously have always prided ourselves on being very highly profitable and continuing to grow very fast I'm super proud of this the 28% growth on top and bottom-line that we printed in 2014 it's always good to remind you that when we talk about our room nights are all 100% organic and that's just a very different result the way you're saying Expedia but I do give them a lot of credit they seem to have printed a great quarter but we just have a different philosophy as it relates to building business for the long-term. And then mobile specifically, yes mobile is I've been here now 3.5 years and by far is the biggest thing that changed in our business. And it's causing all sorts of issues and questions in terms of how do you generate demand, how do you build experience but as I've always said for an e-commerce player like us mobile is a net-net positive. It's allowing us to serve customers over multiple streams and whether they arrive first on our phone or a tablet or a PC it's not important to us as how do we basically become relevant to them other than being just a transaction how does OpenTable are booking or Agoda create more relevancy in the end-end experience that they're having on a local basis. True enough we do spend money on buying business that originates on mobile phones and that market is still it's still not been most perfect market it's still quite chaotic but we feel we've gotten a lot smarter about how buy our business. Some brands are very app driven, if you look at OpenTable or KAYAK, other brands are very mobile web driven and then brands like Booking have a bit of both.  And we feel if anything or the skills we built on the desktop we're feeling as good or if not better about the skills that we're applying in the mobile environment to buying new demand and I don't think increase in mobile to any degree because we have a common ROI standard I don't think the increase mobile to any degree has driven us to any lower standard, if anything the one real positive is driving more of our business direct to our brands versus having to buy it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Anmuth of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Doug Anmuth: Great, thanks for taking the question. Can you guys talk a little bit more about the investment in 1Q in OpenTable and Booking Suite and just talk about the key initiatives there? And then, also, you mentioned that you're starting to harvest the fruit from the Ctrip relationship. Can you provide some more color on some of the benefits that you're seeing there, as well? Thanks.
Darren Huston: Okay, I'll take Doug. This is Darren again, I'll take those. So first of all let me talk first about OpenTable, since we bought it we made a massive investment replatforming the OpenTable B2B software as now going to be all cloud based. The whole frontend has been replatformed so we can run AB experimentation on it. There's been a lot of best practice sharing, you're going to see the OpenTable product now improve at a very dramatic pace because we put it on to this new modern and cloud based platform.  We've also now posted our position that our beginning hiring for a number of international cities,. I'll let you do your own research there in terms of which cities we're expanding into So, I would say it's time to date has been a lot of best practice sharing. Betting some of the plumbing done in 2015 for us is a big investment year for OpenTable. And, as we've always said, we're going here to create something that is going to be truly a global platform and a modern eCommerce platform and where we remain very bullish on the opportunity with that asset and certainly today we've been performing above the level of hat we had expected it too, but really the best is yet to come.  And then as it relates to Booking Suite, we bought Buuteeq and a smaller company called Hotel Ninjas. That team now has been completely brought into booking.com. We've rebranded it Booking Suite. We're now in the market with a number of products, mostly Web site products. The demand for those products is very strong. And we're just now in a rhythm of really trying to scale the old Buuteeq business now that is fully integrated with Booking and the receptivity from the market has been very strong. So, what we're doing there is building out a SaaS-based business. It takes a little bit of time to get going but it's a really nice annuity revenue stream. But almost as importantly, it's bringing us closer to hotel partners and showing that as a company we can add value fame as well as a marketing service to software provider.  And then, finally, with Ctrip, there I'd say that the biggest highlight has been a significantly growing outbound business, both with Agoda and Booking.com on Ctrip. That reflects of course a very strong Chinese market. We have also seen our non-Ctrip business by the way growing very strong. Ctrip now is a branded experience so customers are learning ability Booking.com and Agoda, a and that's obviously very valuable to us. The other side of the Ctrip deal was getting Ctrip hotels onto the Booking.com Web site. We now have, let's call it, a few handfuls of their hotels on our Web site. It's taken a little bit longer because we've had to work to make those hotels and upgrade the product so that it was at the level of the product we have on our Web site otherwise. But we're getting good traction there and we look in the coming quarters to significantly accelerate our rollout of Ctrip properties in China. I had mentioned this before but one of our biggest challenges in China is most business at Chinese hotels is domestic and we really are really strong on inbound and outbound and the feature our product portfolio is going to allow us have a very competitive selection of properties for domestic Chinese guests, as well. So, those are the three. C trip in particular, if you've all followed it, they are in a super competitive environment. We're really supportive of James and his team. We think they have the strongest hand in the market. And we still believe that today and we're proud of the deal we have and we're working really closely with them as they fight the competitive battles that they are fighting, which has largely been a domestic Chinese challenge.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross Sandler of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Ross Sandler: Great, thanks guys. Congrats on the quarter. I just had two questions. First one, Airbnb called out that they had 550,000 travelers that used them for New Year's Eve this past year in 20,000 cities or something. So, this isn't exactly apples to apples to your 800,000 to 900,000 room nights per night average in the fourth quarter, but just big picture how do you view Airbnb competitively in the hotel space longer term? And then a quick follow-up to the earlier question on mobile unit economics. I'll ask this a different way. As you guys move away from paid searches and marketing channel. Do you see the online marketing as a percent of gross profit staying in this kind of 31% range or could that get better one day? That's all, thanks. 
Darren Huston: This is Darren I will take first one and a fair shot at the second if Dan can have anything to add. Yes with respect to Airbnb we have a lot of respect for what they are doing. It is still as good as their website is as it's still a relatively high friction process of booking on Airbnb but the whole sharing economy peer to peer is a real force. I will remind people that on average every day we have more than a 1 million guests if we do the math and if you look at the total number of units that are actually bookable on Booking.com it far exceeds what's available on Airbnb.  The interesting dynamic is really happening in the vacation rental space. We're coming into the market with an instantly bookable, immediately confirmable product -- they are coming from the bottom up with a sharing economy and there is a lot of interest among our consumers in self-catered product and whether that product ultimately ends up being somebody's sofa or being in a aparthotel room in Paris nobody knows but one of the things that Airbnb is really helping us with is the rules in this space have traditionally been very foggy and gray and city by city around the world the rules are now getting written and that helps us a lot because we're always going to play on the right side of the rules but they have always been a little bit foggy and we will see where that all goes at the end of day.  We're seeing some -- we don't see a big impact on hotel demand based on this new advent of what I would call self-catered demand I mean that's all up Airbnb, us, other players but maybe one day you will see that shift and obviously the big hotel brands I don't think are sitting still either. We see a lot of properties for instance in Europe where they will have the hotel and then they have an apartment block in behind the hotel you use the hotel front desk but then as a family you might stay in the apartment. That's kind of new behavior is a reaction I think to some of this current trend at least.  And then as it relates to mobile unit economics I should also qualify that mobile web search is primarily still a Google business and it is working better and better. So even when we acquire a customer on the phone one of the best ways to do it is through Google and through their web search. But as I look forward what we've generally done is our business has become more direct we're leaning even heavier into some of these channels.  We certainly keep ROI standards but I can't particularly say if along long-term online will be a lesser percentage. But we will continue to adjust our marketing mix and we think that our margin level we need to keep throwing out the fishing net to find more and more customers. And we're not satisfied just to work off the loyalty of our existing customer base. So a lot of it depends on the opportunity to cast the fishing net in a ROI positive fashion and it's hard to really predict that based on the competitive dynamics in some of these markets.  But the one thing that is real is we're having to adjust our marketing mix overtime based on mobile specifically but also based on the ability of let`s call it, the non-Google participants to create products that are ROI standards but I positive for us and we're seeing progress at places like Facebook for instance. I mean others where they are improving the ability for direct responsible to performance marketers like The Priceline Group to buy their products and that's a real good thing for us and because it hasn't been that case traditionally over the past. 
Daniel Finnegan: I agree we're not moving away from paid search we're moving closer to we're looking for every opportunity to spend money with our partners to drive business profitably and we're seeing nice growth in our direct business which we hope will continue over time but -- and that may cause what you would perceive to be moving away but we're actually diving in with both feet partnering with our HR partners to drive more opportunities for both of us. 
Operator: Thank you our next question comes from Mark Mahaney of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open 
Mark Mahaney: Thank you. Two questions please. I think two quarters ago you'd quantified vacation rentals as a percentage of your total bookings. Could you give us an update there? Has it exceeded 10% perhaps on a trailing 12-month basis? And then, secondly, Darren you talked about having used acquisitions to expand into newer areas, and you mentioned a couple of them. I want to ask your thoughts about expanding into things like local attractions and air, especially internationally. How do you think about those as incremental or adjacent market opportunities? How high on the priority list or low on the priority list are those two things, particularly attractions and international air?
Darren Huston: Okay. Thanks, Mark. So we don't have any new numbers on vacation rentals, we gave a trailing 12-months but I will say is the vacation rental business is outgrowing our business. And so the next time we say a number maybe we do it a year from the first time we said the number and you can think about it in that way. So it's becoming a greater proportion of our business. I always also flag you have to be careful with property count.  That's why we added the vacation rental sub number because those properties do come in with less units than our traditional hotels. And that's why you will see our property count continue to expand at a rate faster than our overall business because we're bringing on less units per property. And I think that will continue to be the case going forward. I'd say and I don't we're not by any means done with acquisitions as a lot more to do and then next move in vacation rental is to really address the home owner versus property managed vacation rental product and we're well in our way to doing that.  And in terms of acquisitions or opportunity space, number one, I would say we have a lot to digest right now, and we're in what I consider to be the most attractive spaces. And the addition of restaurants is just an amazing opportunity for the group. Areas are very low margin business and its right with customer service concerns and our plan right now is a little piece of Priceline but also growth KAYAK which plays about OTA and direct air.  And even though air is not a very attractive business from an EBITDA perspective, it is an important part of travel and we want to make sure that whatever we do in air that we remain relevant in air. And certainly with over 90 partnerships of airline build around the world including Ryanair and EasyJet and KLM, et cetera, we play an important partnership of did you monetize air into things like hotels bookings.  But as I look forward, yes, attractions are interesting. We're doing a lot of experimentation right now with various elements of cross sell. Always we're looking at things that, yes, we could make money off of but much more importantly. What are the things we can cross sell it improves the experience of a consumer and it enhances their loyalty. If you follow Booking right now, for instance you'll see us do a lot of pre-trip e-mails. And you'll see us now, we have insider guides of the top cities in the world and within those guide you'll see us testing and experimenting with various things. But again we're going not become the charge key shop itself 50 different things to just make a little bit more money we're really conginets in this. What is the use of really wanted to do. And if any of those things gets big traction then we'll figure out should we enter this space organically, through acquisition, or an alliance, or some other mode, is the way I think about it. But at this specific moment, we've got our hands full and we're by and large focused on organic execution.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Olson of Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Mike Olson: Thanks, good morning. You mentioned vacation rentals again as a focus and, I think you just said, you'll be looking at addressing the homeowner property category. Does that present more challenges than what you've done so far in this space with the property manager inventory? So, should the pace of BR inventory addition slow in the coming quarters because of that? And then, secondly and totally separately, does the $3 billion buyback have any specific time frame on it? Like, is it authorization for one or two years or is it just an open-ended authorization? Thanks. 
Darren Huston: Since we started primarily focusing on hotels even moving into bed and breakfasts and hostels and even treehouses and igloos and everything we've added to the site as presenting new challenges. And what we do is we bring in we experiment with it we adjust our business system.  Recently we rolled out a simple extranet and we've got a lot of other things in the pipeline to specifically address the needs all the way down to the single unit, single property single owner model. I mean that ultimately as a company it's our destination we're here to be the world's largest inventory and selection of accommodation at the best price of the simplest experience and it's very much fits that.  I honestly don't believe the challenges are insurmountable but it takes a lot of work in an industry that's traditionally operated in a very different fashion than modern eCommerce which is the ability device things that a price and we'll actually booked them without ever having to talk to the seller of the product and that's what we're working towards And, frankly I'm quite optimistic -- not that we have the answer to everything at this moment but we've got really smart teams working on this right now and over to Dan on the $3 billion.
Daniel Finnegan : On the stock buyback authorization Mike similar to all of the authorizations we've had in the past that's open ended there is no specific time frame by which we need to execute that. If you'll look at our tract record we've been active in the market and Q4 we bought back over 500 million over the last couple of years we bought back $1.6 billion for worth of stock. That said this is the biggest buyback authorization we've ever gotten from our board. We got it because we want to use it will be active in the market. But we're not going constrain ourselves by stating the pace at which we will execute it. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now open
Naved Khan: Yes hi, thanks. Just two questions. One on the TV ad spend -- last year it grew faster than your online spend as well as the growth in gross profits. And I know you're not guiding 2015 but can you just talk about what to expect for the year in terms of TV ad spend?  And then on a different topic, have you tested the traffic cross-sell synergies between the core travel and OpenTable? And what have you seen so far? 
Darren Huston: Yes, I'm going to let Dan take the first one, I'll take the second one.
Daniel Finnegan : Hi Naved. On the TV ad spend, we're not giving any guidance for the year, we didn't mention it as it relates to Q1 being a factor positively or negatively related to guidance so you can assume it's fairly neutral. As we added more and more markets over the last couple of years and then you continue to spend on those markets at the same amount or some relative increase that's not growing as fast as our business the pressure on operating margin subsides to an extent that said we still like the results we've seen in all the markets where we've launched our advertising and we'll likely to launch an additional market for this year particularly for Booking.com and so when we do that you can't see from quarter-to-quarter some operating pressure when we add those new markets.
Darren Huston: And Naved on the second question, the way I like to think about the cross sell is a very narrow way to think about it, that would be I made a hotel booking and immediately I'm going to make a restaurant booking and I think of the much bigger opportunity as cross-promotion meaning A, I live in Italy and I love using Booking.com -- oh and you can also do that with restaurants and that's the part that we've seen the biggest interest. If we look at our insider guides and our pre-trip e-mails the biggest thing people are interested in who book accommodations is restaurants. The restaurants nearby or they booked and the ability on that first night if they arriving late, where can I eat, any of our hotels have restaurants and as a competitive thing within the space the persons sitting in there and that we're absolutely confident that there is significant interest in that but we need to then get of course is great relevant content get the OpenTable reviews, the photos, et cetera and really lace those two things together but we're quite optimistic, I'd say all of that in OpenTable's proposition is not going to grow as a primary just because of Booking.com. OpenTable will need to stand on its own as a business which it has in the United States and I'm confident will internationally.  Booking.com will be a nice new group of tens of millions of customers we can introduce the concept to and that's really the way I think about it versus get a hotel booking, get a restaurant booking. Although by the way we've tested that it works but it's not like the biggest idea in terms of the synergy between the brands.
Naved Khan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from Tom White of Macquarie, your line is now open.
Tom White : Thanks for taking my question. I think in your prepared remarks you talked about Booking and Agoda, you guys believe now are the leaders in intra-Asia travel. Could you maybe just talk a bit about what metrics that's based on and why you believe the playbook there is working? And then, just quickly, you talked about less pressure on online ad ROIs in quarter than expected. Maybe talk a bit about what's driving that. I'm curious if any of it relates to your emerging markets. Are you seeing any of the recent investments you've made there starting to pay off in terms of repeat visits? Thanks. 
Darren Huston: Thanks Tom. It's really we say intra-Asian travel because it really has been the strength of the group, if you look at the Agoda brand in Southeast Asia really is the leading people way book accommodations in Southeast Asia, and then with the addition of booking.com which brings travelers from all over the world in Asia and Asians amongst Asia, it really plays to our strong suite of brands. There are very large domestic OTAs in the market, the Ctrips, the Gilands, the Rackatins, who do actually very high volume business but their business is largely domestic and we have a pretty good sense from our hotel partners that we're the leading players from market share standpoint in terms of how Asians move within Asia, meaning from country to country.
Daniel Finnegan: And for the second part Tom, regarding Q4 we said the favorability for operating margins was mainly driven by better than forecasted online ad ROIs. So not so much of a mix issue direct growing faster and that's also in there but that was in our forecast. We don't get into the specifics of much driving those better ROIs but you know all the elements that go into it, it's got CTCs conversion which we got are great teams, had all of our brands working hard every day to approve cancellation rates, unit economics. So the way that all blended our in Q4 was favorable to what we had assumed in our forecast.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald of Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Brian Fitzgerald: Thanks. A quick question on your thoughts around loyalty programs and their impacts on consumer travel behavior. Is that something that's important to you guys? Are you going to be investing around that? Do you feel like you're at a bit of a disadvantage relative to some of the other OTAs that have been investing around loyalty programs? Thanks, guys.
Darren Huston: Thanks Brian. Agoda has a loyalty program that was very points driven. It's as much my philosophy as some of the brand CEOs. I grew up at Starbucks and other places. My own view, and what we've seen in the data, is that customers are most loyal when you give them a great experience. And that's what we've been focused on. And it's driven if you look at repeat behavior if you look at a number of bookings share of wallet in a year we've seen in our biggest brands it won't have a formal and post loyalty program significant increases in those kind of metrics every single year that we've been in a business. So, that's what we focus on.  The other question though is for high volume travel what you do and most of our business is built off of leader travelers they don't actually book that often  But for high volume travel it seems like loyalty is an aspect. By the way, it is a very deep aspect more in the United States than it is in many other parts of the world where people take a lot more leisure travel versus pure business travel. So, we've always been interested in what is the role of points and loyalty programs, what role should The Group play in that. By the way, some of these programs, you think they drive people to be more loyal but they can actually make them more dissatisfied with you because people will give you points and then make it harder and harder for you to use your points that's what marketers do and CFOs do at times looking at Dan so there's also cautions with these things, but we're obviously very interested it hasn't been a big issue for us in the past or when you do look at specific pockets of high volume traveler that's where probably we have the greatest going forward interest in this topic.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Ron Josey of JMP Securities. Your line is now opened.
Ron Josey: I'll be brief. I was just following up on an earlier question I believe that Darren, you'd answered, specifically on segmentation and one of that perhaps and finding non-Google participants. I wanted to get your thoughts on marching to Millennials. I think you've said in the past Millennials have a pension for non-hotel activity. You launched Booking. Now recently, the new TV ad campaign I think maybe focused on them, as well. So, as you think about sort of the new segments not resting on your existing customers, curious on those on your approach there. Thank you.
Darren Huston: We're are cognizant of Millennials I think another thing I would add to your list, its MHAs it's things like Booking Now they basically like not to go to Paris or London or New York, they like to just wander off into the countryside many of them don't have computers they only have phones. So thinking of all of those things and as well as having product on the site, we're one of the world leaders in hostels. If you go to our any hostel in Europe a lot of people using booking.com to book hostel so making sure that we're relevant to this next generation of travelers is also helping us to make sure relevant with the emerging lifestyles of consumers. So we do a lot of work not I wouldn't say traditional marketing work like we're now buying ads on just programs that Millennials watch that's never been something we do but we target them more from the data perspective and also making sure that the product that we have is relevant to their lifestyles and at least the data that we see shows that we have a very large group of young people who use booking.com on a regular basis even backpacking through Europe we're thing. We're not just a rich person product and that obviously keeps the brand healthy and we hope that the hostel stayers become hotel bookers et cetera through their life cycle.  But it's a great question and certainly watching my own children the world is changing very-very fast and we want to make sure relevant the way that they use their screens versus the way that Dan and I would use our stream which was quite different.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time I'd like to turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Darren Huston: Okay well thank you very much and thank you all for joining the call and we look forward to getting back into the weeds on execution there I think Dan mentioned the currency is the translation challenge for us but as the team we continue to be very focused in organically executing through the way that we've always done and we're very optimistic in where the business will be going in the coming quarters years et cetera. So thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-04 07:30:00) =====
Executives: Darren Huston – President and CEO Dan Finnegan – CFO
Analysts: Heath Terry – Goldman Sachs Justin Post – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Doug Anmuth – JPMorgan Ross Sandler – Deutsche Bank Mark Mahaney – RBC Naved Khan – Cantor Fitzgerald Kevin Kopelman – Cowen & Company Ken Sena – Evercore Partners Brian Fitzgerald – Jefferies
Operator: Welcome to the Priceline Group's Third Quarter 2014 Conference Call. The Priceline Group would like to remind everyone that this call contains forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause the Group's actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements please refer to the Safe Harbor Statement at the end of the Group's earnings press release, as well as the Group's most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, the Priceline Group undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of the Group's earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement is available in the For Investors section of the Priceline Group's website, www.pricelinegroup.com. And now I would like to introduce the Priceline Group's speakers for this afternoon, Darren Huston and Daniel Finnegan. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Darren Huston: Okay, thank you very much. Welcome to The Priceline Group's third quarter conference call. Thank you for joining us before the markets open this morning in New York. I'm here in Amsterdam with Priceline Group CFO, Dan Finnegan. The Group reported consolidated gross bookings for the third quarter of approximately $13.8 billion, up 28% year-over-year or about 29% on a local currency basis. Non-GAAP net income was $1.2 billion; up 29% year-over-year and earnings per share was $22.16, up 28% versus prior year, surpassing FactSet consensus estimates of $21.08 per share and our guidance for the quarter. Our customers booked accommodation reservations for 95 million room nights in the quarter, up 27% year-over-year, versus 29% in Q2. This modest deceleration reflects the benefit of higher growth rates in new markets which continue to become an increasing share of our worldwide business. Growth rates also benefited from strong execution in building supply and availability during our peak booking season. Booking.com's platform now has over 540,000 hotels and other accommodations in 207 countries, up 52% over last year. Booking.com is establishing clear global leadership in the online accommodations market. We continue to see market share gains in every geography, with particular strength outside of Western Europe. The business is also growing in the non-hotels area as we continue to experiment and invest in adding these properties to our inventory and taking friction out of the booking process. Growth in our vacation rental bookings, including villas, chalets, apartments, apart-hotels and other self-catered product continues to exceed the growth of our hotel business and as a result comprises an increasing share of our business. Our marketing mix is also diversifying favorably. We believe the off-line branding investments of Booking.com have been a key component of our growing mix of direct business and we intend to continue to complement our substantial online advertising investment with effective off-line branding. We'll likely invest in off-line advertising in additional markets during 2015 provided we continue to observe acceptable ROIs on our total advertising spend. Priceline Group posted 10% growth in gross bookings versus 21% in Q2 reflecting the impact of tougher comps from increased advertising on Kayak last year and a difficult environment for opaque availability. Conversely, retail hotel and rental car growth helped to offset this challenge with solid performance. Total rental car days accelerated in the quarter, reflecting strong performance at both RentalCars.com and Priceline Group. Between Kayak, Priceline Group and Booking.com, we feel good about our growing position in the United States travel market and we plan to continue to profitably invest to improve our services and bring more customers to our sites. Asia Pacific also continues to be a bright spot for the Group and we believe we delivered market share gains through the efforts of Agoda.com and Booking.com. We saw strong growth in particular in North Asia, with some recovery from the political unrest in Southeast Asia. We're also well into the planning and execution of our latest commercial agreement and investment in Ctrip, China's largest OTA. We were excited to have OpenTable join our quarterly leadership team meetings in Amsterdam and the knowledge sharing between OpenTable and the balance of the group is underway. Pay with OpenTable, our mobile payments app, is off to a strong start with great adoption rates and feedback from diners and restaurants alike. International expansion will be a longer term rollout and the team is hard at work laying the groundwork for success. We've also completed our plans for co-marketing between our brands and experimentation and execution on those plans has now begun in earnest. The Group performed well in the third quarter with market leading growth on both the top and bottom-lines and sustained leadership and profitability as well. I believe our teams are executing very well in an intensely competitive marketplace and against a mixed global economic and political backdrop. We continue to build our brands for smart investments in mobile, marketing, people, best-in-class customer service and product and service innovation. This includes new opportunities also like dining, mobile payments and hotel marketing services. We also continued to invest in building trusting win-win relationships with our partners across accommodations, flights, rental cars and restaurants. I want to thank our employees around the world for their hard work and dedication in delivering terrific performance during our peak summer seasons. We also continued to be very optimistic about the many opportunities that are still ahead of us. I'll now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review. Dan?
Dan Finnegan: Thanks, Darren. I'll discuss some of the highlights in operating results and cash flows for the quarter and then provide guidance for the fourth quarter of 2014. Growth rates mentioned in my remarks are in relation to the prior year comparable period, unless otherwise indicated. OpenTable is included in our income statement from the acquisition close date of July 24 through the end of the quarter. OpenTable revenue included in Q3 results amounted to $41.2 million and is included in advertising and other revenues in our consolidated statements of operations. There was no cost of revenues for OpenTable in our reporting format so gross profit equals revenue. We will report OpenTable's revenue for the first year to help investors understand the impact of the acquisition on our top line growth. Q3 was a strong quarter from a top and bottom-line perspective. Room nights booked grew by 27% from the third quarter decelerating modestly compared to the 29% growth rate for Q2. Average daily rates or ADRs for Q3 2014 were up on a local currency basis by about 3% for the consolidated group. The FX rate for the Euro to the U.S. dollar for the third quarter was about the same as the prior year; however, the Euro weakened as compared to the $1.34 exchange rate that prevailed at the time we gave Q3 guidance. The impact on the bottom-line was mitigated by our hedging program, but currency exchange rates had a slightly negative impact compared to our guidance for gross bookings, gross profit and operating profit. Q3 gross bookings grew by 28% compared to prior year. Our Q3 international gross bookings grew by 32%, both in U.S. dollars and on a local currency basis. Gross bookings for our Priceline Group brand business in the U.S. grew by 10%, driven by good performance for retail travel services which benefited from increased retail advertising placements on Kayak. We lapped the start of these ad placements in Q3 which caused gross bookings growth to decelerate for Priceline in Q3 and will result in further deceleration in Q4. Hotel express deals performed well, but our Name Your Own Price hotel, air and car services were all down year-over-year due to limited availability of discounted rates and share shift to express deals. I highlight that Name Your Own Price impacts merchant gross bookings and disproportionately impacts merchant revenues, since we record Name Your Own Price revenues on a gross basis, while our other revenues are recorded on a net basis. Gross profit for the quarter was $2.6 billion and grew 32% as compared to prior year. Our international operations generated gross profit of $2.34 billion which constituted an increase of 33%, both in U.S. dollars and on a local currency basis, as compared to the prior year. Gross profit for our U.S. operations, including OpenTable which is largely a U.S. business amounted to $275 million which represented 24% growth versus prior year. Non-GAAP operating income amounted to 54% of gross profit for Q3 which is 191 BPs lower than last year. Operating margins were impacted by investments we made in off-line advertising and other OpEx, to build our brands and support growth initiatives in restaurant reservations and hotel marketing services. Operating margins came in better than our guidance due mainly to less than forecasted year-over-year decline in online advertising ROIs. Adjusted EBITDA for Q3 amounted to $1.43 billion which exceeded the top end of our guidance range of $1.37 billion and represents 28% growth versus prior year. Non-GAAP net income grew by 29% and non-GAAP EPS grew by 28%. In terms of cash flow, we generated approximately $1.3 billion of cash from operations during third quarter 2014 which is about 33% above last year. We spent $29 million on CapEx and repurchased $148 million of our common stock in Q3. We spent about $2.5 billion of U.S. cash in Q3 to complete the OpenTable acquisition and we used non-U.S. cash to invest $500 million in the Ctrip convertible bond and $151 million in Ctrip stock. We raised about $2.3 billion of additional capital in the U.S. during the quarter at what we believe to be attractive terms, by completing a $1 billion convertible debt offering and raising about $1.3 billion through a Euro denominated bond offering. Our cash and investments amounted to $8.2 billion at quarter end, with about $1.6 billion of that balance in the U.S. Now for Q4 guidance, OpenTable is included in our forecasted results for the entire quarter. It is still a relatively short period of time since the deal closed, but our current intention is to increase investment in OpenTable from an advertising and OpEx perspective in Q4 and coming quarters to position the business for future growth. For Q4 guidance, we're forecasting total gross bookings to grow by 8% to 15% in U.S. dollars and by 13% to 20% on a local currency basis, with U.S. bookings growing by about 0% to 5% which reflects lapping certain retail air add placements on Kayak during Q3. We expect international gross bookings to grow by 10% to 17% in U.S. dollars and by 16% to 23% on a local currency basis. Obviously, the deterioration in the Euro exchange rate over the last couple of months is indicative of weakening economic conditions in our most important market which is of concern as we look at the business going forward. Our Q4 forecast assumes that local currency ADRs with the consolidated Group will be up about 1% compared to the prior year period. Our Q4 forecast assumes that foreign exchange rates remain at the same $1.25 per Euro and $1.60 per British pound, as Monday's closing rates which would result in average exchange rates that would be weaker by about 8% for the Euro and about 1% for the British pound, as compared to the prior year. I highlight that the Euro exchange rate assumed in our forecast is about 7% weaker than the $1.34 exchange rate that prevailed at the time we reported Q2 and most analysts last updated their forecasts. We’ve hedge contracts in place to substantially shield our fourth quarter EBITDA and net earnings from any fluctuation in the Euro or the pound versus the dollar between now and the end of the quarter but these hedges do not offset the impact of translation on our gross bookings, revenue, gross profit or operating income and do not hedge our earnings beyond the fourth quarter. We expect Q4 revenue to grow year-over-year by approximately 11% to 18% and gross profits to grow by approximately 17% to 24%. We expect the declines in our Name Your Own Price service will continue to negatively impact revenue growth rates in Q4. We expect that 350 BPs of deleverage in non-GAAP operating income as a percentage of gross profit compared to prior year as we invest in advertising and other expenses to support our brands and new initiatives. Our Q4 online advertising forecast reflects our actual results to-date and assumes further pressure on ad efficiency throughout the remainder of the quarter based upon the trends we’ve experienced over the last couple of years. We estimate that we will spend about $50 million to $55 million for off-line advertising in Q4. These investments in advertising and other OpEx can have a more pronounced impact on profitability in Q4 and Q1 which are quarters where we typically earn a lower percentage of our annual profit due to the normal seasonality for our business. As a reminder, Q4 2013 personnel expense included a $12 million charge related to a payroll tax levy in the Netherlands. We do not expect to incur a similar charge this year. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $625 million and $665 million which at the midpoint represents 12% growth versus prior year. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax rate of approximately 15%, comprised of international income taxes, an alternative minimum tax and state income taxes in the U.S. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast also reflects the cash interest expense related to the two bond offerings we completed in Q3 that I mentioned a moment ago. We're targeting non-GAAP fully-diluted EPS of approximately $9.40 to $10.10 per share which at the midpoint represents 10% growth year-over-year. Our non-GAAP EPS guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of 53.2 million shares, based upon Monday's closing stock price. We forecast GAAP EPS between $7.55 and $8.25 per share for Q4. The difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP operating results is driven by non-GAAP adjustments that are detailed in our earnings release. In summary, we believe that our forecast represents strong top line and bottom-line growth and exceptional profit margins. Our Q4 forecast implies full year EBITDA growth of 26% to 28%, with an operating profit margin in the mid-40% range. We would be pleased with this outcome under any circumstances, but particularly in a year where we made substantial investments to support our brands, including increasing off-line brand advertising support by over $100 million. Our guidance reflects the actual deceleration in growth experience to date and our assumption that we will experience further deceleration over the remainder of the quarter as we compare against the period where our room night growth accelerated last year. Although we're increasingly concerned about economic conditions in general and in our key European market in particular, our forecast does not assume any further deterioration in macroeconomic conditions. We will now take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Heath Terry – Goldman Sachs: You commented on seeing higher online ROI in the quarter and then obviously guiding towards seeing pretty significant weakness, particularly in the U.S. in the fourth quarter. Wondering if you can tell us what's changed from Q3 to Q4? Is it a specific channel? Is it mix from independent to more chains on the hotel side? What would you say describes the difference? And to the extent you see quarters like Q3 where ROI and online spend is higher, how quickly can you adjust your spend to take advantage of that and were you able to do that in the quarter?
Dan Finnegan: So for Q3, we actually didn't have an increase in ROIs year-over-year. They just weren't down to the extent that we forecasted when we gave guidance and we don't really adjust based upon the ROIs coming in better. We follow a consistent and disciplined approach that targets what we consider to be a reasonable ROI, based upon positions in the variable channels at that point in time. As far as the U.S. growth rate goes that's more a function of lapping ad placements that Priceline Group has done on Kayak over the past year, particularly powering the retail air booking path on Kayak so that drives a significant amount of gross bookings dollars, not a significant amount of gross profit. So the impact from the bottom-line perspective is not as dramatic.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Justin Post – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just a couple questions on Q4 guidance, you mentioned ADRs going from plus 3 to plus 1 in local currency. I'm just wondering if you’re seeing a real slowdown in travel so far this quarter and are you seeing some cancellation in room nights? And then has the competitive environment picked up as Q4 has started? Thank you.
Dan Finnegan: So as far as the ADRs go Justin, it reflects our particular business mix. We’ve seen some market-to-market impacts that could be more macroeconomic or currency driven, for instance European travelers going to the U.S. with the significant slide in the Euro versus the dollar, having a tendency to trade down in terms of what they're willing to spend in dollars for a hotel room to try and keep the cost of the trip consistent from a Euro perspective. In terms of the European economic condition in particular we're concerned about what we’ve seen over the last couple of months. I think the results we posted for Q3 are very strong from a top line and bottom-line perspective, for Q4, we’ve seen some deceleration and then our forecast reflects an expectation we'll see further deceleration as we go forward. If you remember last year, we accelerated during the back half of Q4 so whenever we’ve a difficult comp like that we're a little bit more cautious with our approach to forecasting.
Darren Huston: Maybe Justin, I'll just add, this is Darren, that competitively I don't feel that the issue we track market share of all of our accommodation partners around the world and we believe we're increasing market share everywhere. So there's a little bit of a geographic mix and as Dan points out exchange rate challenges obviously for us are translation issues in the U.S. dollars, but they do actually have real impacts as well, people rethink their travel. We are very internationally travel-oriented Company, we're more weighted into people coming from one country to the other and if not just the Euro, it's the ruble, the Australian dollar, there are other nationalities who like to travel internationally, who may change their plans or still execute their plans and they will actually trade down to maybe a three star versus a four star accommodation to reflect a fixed family budget.
Justin Post – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Maybe one follow-up, in 2012, I think you saw a slowdown and then in 2013 you re-pivoted, did more off-line advertising, bought Kayak. As you look forward to next year, are there some levers and different adjustments you can make maybe to try to reaccelerate growth? Thanks.
Darren Huston: I'm actually very optimistic. Obviously what we constantly face is just the sheer size of our business relative to others and we always have a strong focus on profitability. So there are things we could do but if we don't feel good about it from an ROI standpoint that generally as a group those aren't things we will do. But we have many plans. We are really bullish on of course OpenTable and its opportunity to add to us longer term. Hotel marketing services as you know, is an area we are investing in and seeing some real positive signals from our hotel partners of people interested in that kind of product which is a great new vehicle. We're also doing a lot on the mobile front and other plans that I'm not prepared to announce on this call for competitive reasons. But I feel good about the pipeline of innovation that we have and it's still a very big market. I mean, we are the largest player now in online travel, but we're still small proportionate to the market opportunity and it's always good to remind ourselves as well that travel is growing twice the rate of GDP. Online travel within travel is growing. The share is shifting to large players in the OTA space. There is a lot of things that are working in our direction and we would hope over time to continue to take advantage of those. One other thing I will flag is our property count because some people have brought this up. You see that it's been a little slower in the last month or so, but that's really a seasonality effect. We have a significant amount of stock that comes online in the Spring and then goes offline in the Fall. So we don't count that on our total until it comes back online, but we don't see any barrier there as well. We’ve a very strong pipeline of new properties ready to be completed and signed on and verified and I still think the opportunity to add properties is still very significant for our business going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Anmuth with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Doug Anmuth – JPMorgan: I was hoping you could just talk more about Booking.com into the U.S. and perhaps also just help us parse out the growth rates a little bit across the international business by geography. And just to clarify on Q4, going from 32% ex-FX bookings growth in the third quarter down to 16% to 23% and you're saying you don't think it's competition so we can interpret it as macro and perhaps law of large numbers. But is there anything else we should be thinking about there? Thanks.
Dan Finnegan: I'll take that second part. I would say you hit it pretty well there, Doug. I think, we look at it as the law of large numbers, so generally we expect the business to decelerate given the size of it. There are some macro concerns, particularly in Europe and then in addition we just have a very difficult comp because growth accelerated last year, so because it's our normal expectation that we're going to decelerate when we have a period of particular strength like that, it gives us more caution when we forecast against it.
Darren Huston: Just adding on the United States in particular, it is one real highlight in the global travel market. It's a real positive and it has been a real positive for us. Our retail business is very strong and in particular Booking.com. We believe, is of all of the bigger players, is the fastest growing player in the U.S. accommodations market and we continue to expand our properties. We have got great repeat rates, a lot of growing business in direct customers so we're very bullish that we can get significant growth out of the U.S. market looking forward. But it's a very competitive market and we certainly stand ready to compete for that business and feel good about the progress our team has made. There is much more to do it's one of the number of very large markets where I think our product deserves more market share and we plan to go out and make that happen.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Sandler with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Sandler – Deutsche Bank: Just two quick questions, I think a follow-up from what Doug just asked but if you look at the growth rate for core Booking.com implied by the 700,000 room nights per day, you decelerated fairly meaningfully from Q2 to Q3 and I know Easter had an impact on the Q2 growth rate but where do you think we are in terms of Booking.com's share gain story globally in most of these Markets? Is it still happening or are you basically the market and in particular, where does that stand in the U.S. and then Darren, you just mentioned new mobile products or some new initiatives. Can you just elaborate a little bit on what you're implying from that comment a few minutes ago? Thanks.
Dan Finnegan: Doug I'll take the first piece. So I'm not sure what you're referring to there in terms of local currency growth rate for our international business we went from 34.5% to 31.8% from Q2 to Q3, so what I would classify as modest deceleration, I believe that Booking.com is growing its share across the board in all of the markets in which we're operating so growing still at a very good rate within Europe and as we've said several other times on prior calls, Europe is still such a big part of the business that the overall growth rate pretty closely tracks the trends that you're seeing with the European business and then our other newer markets, North America, Asia Pacific and South America growing at a faster rate than the U.S..
Darren Huston: And let me take on I think you were asking, Ross about mobile specifically. Yes it's an area that doesn't cease to amaze me in terms of the potential automotive if anything particularly bookings through mobile phones had been extremely strong. Tablets are becoming a little more like PCs I think for everyone and it's just the curiosity with all of the new Fablet type form factors coming out and also the growth in ultra-light PCs etcetera, where the tablet ultimately will fit in but certainly we're seeing more and more of the business coming through mobile and I think that really does play to a strength. If you look at the ratings of our products on Google or on the iTunes store we have some of the most highly rated products and we've spent a lot of time as a team working on the plumbing to make sure that they are all cloud connected, that the consumer has a great experience walking in with an electronic version of their bookings etcetera, etcetera, and a lot of the new innovation which we aren't announcing in this call really relates to how do we enhance the experience for the consumer. So now that the plumbing is working really well and we're getting great feedback, how do we take our mobile game to the next level so that it connects end to end from looking, booking to staying for the user, and I'm very excited and optimistic about the opportunities that will bring for us. These things are not easy to do. They make executing an online business more complicated but they really play to our scale and our ability to invest across a very large base of properties and we can then bring pretty amazing value to our consumers and their sort of multi-screen lifestyle, so hopefully that helps. The other thing I think Dan just totally touched on, but we feel also very good that our productivity per hotel continues to increase so if you take a hotel that was on our website four years ago three will see more bookings per day from booking today than they did a year ago than they did the year before that and the year before that, so our core hotel partners are getting more production from us but still there's so much more to do and we still represent a small share of the total accommodation space. So I don't frankly see any limits to that at this time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney with RBC. Your line is open.
Mark Mahaney – RBC: If I could try to get off three questions, you talked about Ctrip somehow being still in the planning stages. Could you talk about when or the extent that that's already operational, what's the path to that being fully operational and material perhaps. Second, in terms of competition could you just talk qualitatively; it's always been a competitive marketplace. Is there something that's changed in terms of where the competition is coming from? Are you seeing it more from direct travel wholesalers or hotels or airlines directly as opposed to other online travel agencies? Is the direction of the competition changed and then finally on alternative accommodations you talked about it becoming more material? Is that having an impact on the rest of the business? Like do you view those alternative combinations as purely incremental, somewhat cannibalistic, could you describe what impact that has on the rest of the business? Thanks a lot.
Darren Huston: So maybe I'll take you to those quickly one by one. On the Ctrip deal, as you know we've been in a commercial relationship with them for some time. Part of the new commercial relationship was a deeper integration for Ctrip being able to then book Booking.com and Agoda Hotels and a lot of that integration has happen and we're seeing very strong results from it. Obviously those accrue to both us and to Ctrip because it's now on a branded basis and more and more Chinese are traveling outbound. The other side of the agreement was for us to put Ctrip our product on the Booking.com website in particular. There is a lot of work going on to get the technical terms APIs worked out so that we have the right connection points because they want those bookings to be able to have them for the consumer very seamlessly but we hope to be in test with their product on our website say by the middle of this quarter, so the end of this month and then we'll see where we go from there. We're going to take a slow rollout approach just to make sure the consumer experience is absolutely perfect as it relates to that particular integration but I don't see any barriers to making that happen. In terms of competition there's obviously a lot of noise in the marketplace, it's an extremely competitive marketplace. I don't see anything really that material has happened. If anything, our dependence particularly on Google has lessened which is some of the challenge Google has in growing their clicks relative to the rest of the internet. More of our business is coming direct which is very healthy. I think that's partly related to offline, but also partly we offer our guests a great direct experience and a lot much higher percentage of them are using accounts now versus finding us through indirect channels and in terms of us versus hotels or hotel chains I don't see any material change there. I think there's always going to be business that goes direct to hotels and into hotel chains. We frankly embrace that fact but there is also a lot of travelers who travel less frequently and are really looking for a bed in a particular city versus a particular property and I think that continues to play to our strength. And then your last question was on non-hotels. No, I don't see this at all cannibalistic, if anything – if you look at the Millennial Travelers, the younger travelers, they prefer to stay in non-hotels. They prefer to stay in secondary cities. Certainly with the rise of players like Airbnb, etcetera it's getting – it's making people more courageous to try new things and if anything the non-hotels are really significantly increase the variety of product on our site and it's made the world of accommodations more transparent and more exciting frankly for people. Non-hotels also help us a lot when cities get sold out which it does happen, convention times, things like that, so they provide nice shoulder availability for people and for particularly for leisure travelers and families. Sometimes the non-hotel can feel like an upgrade because they have got a lot of people, they all want to stay in the same house. They don't mind traveling into the city to see the museum but one has more of a self-catered versus catered experience. So I really don't see any negative in it. Hotels still do very well. Occupancy rates in many parts of the world are quite high. I don't see there being any sign at least at this time that the phenomenon of more non-hotels entering the legitimate space is having any big effect on hotels or kind of the more traditional product.
Operator: Our next question comes from Naved Khan with Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open.
Naved Khan – Cantor Fitzgerald: Can you touch up on the opportunity for TV spending in some of the newer markets, can you elaborate on that a little bit. Where are you seeing those kind of opportunities?
Darren Huston: Yes, so we don't – as you know, we advertise the three brands; Priceline Group is still primarily U.S. but we do do ads in Canada now. With Kayak it’s been a North American story although we have increased our offline marketing in Europe and still working the model but feeling some success there and then for Booking.com, it's really not been that long but we're now in the U.S., Australia, Canada, the UK and then recently launched in Germany and as time goes on and if anything we’re feeling better about that investment that it fits well in our mix, it gives us a really nice drive towards our direct business. It also helps diversify our sources of demand really nicely that allows us to the more we diversify the source of demand and better understand sources, we can act a little more strategically vis-a-vis our source of demand. We don't have to lean into everything at all times because some of our sources of demand can have strategic conflict and this has been a real breakthrough for us to know that we can be out on our own and to build our brand and to build customer relationships for the long term rather than having to consistently be in the market buying them on a transactional basis. So that's the story and then in terms of future plans, unfortunately, nothing to reveal at this time, although I know you're hoping for that but we're looking at a number of options going into 2015 and we wanted to make sure we signaled at this time that they are quite likely will involve more markets.
Naved Khan – Cantor Fitzgerald: And then just a quick follow-up if I may. Turning back to your guidance especially for international bookings growth, what kind of impact are you baking in from Ebola or the threat of Ebola and what have you seen so far in your numbers?
Darren Huston: I would say, again it's a very mixed environment and before I get into the negatives, it's always worth highlighting, you know the summer was actually quite stable in Europe and a lot of particularly Brits and Germans didn't go to Southern Europe. There were other pockets like France, Benelux and of course Russians weren't traveling a lot. So it was kind of mixed picture but relatively stable and also it's important to highlight that the U.S. has been very strong, as has North Asia and we also did great business during the World Cup out of Brazil, but I think what's happening now the primary is not Ebola. It's more – the travel business is very headline driven and headlines create perceptions that can lead to reality and of course people already know in a lot of our core markets that their currencies have devalued. There is a discouragement for maybe international travel, so maybe they will stay more domestically which will often lead to maybe a lower ADR, even a lower length of stay and we do see that a little bit and are more concerned that those perceptions can become more significant negative reality even though today we haven't seen any major drop off. It's just been more a concern that there are concerns building particularly outside the United States. Ebola is out there. We've had issues in the past like SARS that have been much more impactful. I want to be clear we are not seeing that kind of impact in our numbers, but I would have it on the list of negative things. It's big enough to be on the list but probably at the bottom of the list relative to other effects that we've already highlighted on this call.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Kopelman with Cowen & Company. Your line is open.
Kevin Kopelman – Cowen & Company: Could you just give us an update on Kayak, how that's performing, as a standalone business and how international expansion is going? Thanks.
Darren Huston: Well maybe I can answer this, Dan maybe you can chime if you want to add. I would say that Kayak since the day we acquired it has exceeded our expectations from a profit standpoint. And I'm really proud of the work that Steve and his teams have done. I would say we are not as aggressively investing. We certainly don't want to invest at a loss to build the Kayak business, so we have done a lot of experimentation and we feel pretty good about the results in particular in Europe. We've also expanded Kayak very methodically into other languages and we continue to want to see the brand grow and be more successful but in the very sustained fashion. The other area that I'm really proud of at Kayak is the product continues to improve. We get great accolades from the customers who use Kayak and the investments that we're making there seem to be at least from the data seem to be paying off very well and we're still very optimistic that there is more that we can do at the Kayak investment over time but to-date, I would say overall quite pleased and beyond our expectations but look to see the effect of the various experiments that are going on and our ability to profitably roll this business out to more parts of the world.
Kevin Kopelman – Cowen & Company: And if I could just ask a follow-up on FX impact, you talked about having hedging contracts in place to cover you for one quarter. Are those included in the Q4 EPS guidance? Thanks.
Dan Finnegan: They are, Kevin, so we take the contracts out right around the point where we're reporting and so we're essentially hedged against any movements from FX here forward for Euro and pound.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Sena from Evercore Partners. Your line is open.
Ken Sena – Evercore Partners: I was just wondering if you could update us maybe on the enterprise efforts in terms of boutique and hotel and just what's the reception that you're seeing from suppliers at this point in terms of the new products and also their willingness to allow a demand channel to manage that for them? Thank you.
Darren Huston: Overall, what we have done with those acquisitions is they become the cornerstone of what we call Hotel Marketing Services. We continue to market boutique as a website quite successfully but we have really been spending let's call it a dark period, really architecting the products and rethinking them to put together on what I would call a Hotel Marketing Software Stack and it's something we haven't yet launched. But we’ve been doing a bunch of testing, we’ve been doing many focus groups talking to our property partners and I would generally say the reception has been very positive. The large majority of our partners or I would call in a lien-in mode, they like Booking.com in particular as a very cost efficient way to build demand and they are very receptive to us helping them with their direct websites and helping them build demand. So to-date I'm very positive, experiments are going really well and I'm excited that we're getting into it and the teams integration has been seamless and we hope to have further things to announce in 2015.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies. Your line is open. Brian if your line is on mute can you please unmute it?
Brian Fitzgerald – Jefferies: I wanted to drill down a little bit on OpenTable. Is the integration so far happening as expected? Is the cadence as you expected? Any unique insights as you go through that process and then I might have missed it. Could you comment on the ability to cross sell that you're seeing so far from travelers, and the diners? Do you see it going the other way also? Thanks.
Darren Huston: So with regard to OpenTable, as you know the major pillars of that integration are co-marketing, international expansion and Pay with OpenTable which we highlighted at the time of acquisition where there has been a lot of planning that have gone into those. We're now in experiment if you look hard enough, you'll see us co-marketing and promoting off of various tools within Booking.com and we'll expand that over time to other brands. International expansion if you look carefully you'll see we posted a number of positions. We're now – our plans are completed and we look to expand the product to many other top cities around the world. So all of that and Pay with OpenTable, we're expanding that to more cities around the United States and the pickup isn't very good. I would say outside of those three pillars though the biggest learnings have been in how much we as a team can help OpenTable with their B2C efforts. So in a way OpenTable was really built as a B2B software play into restaurants and they've had success in B2C but they've only come very recently and they've done some great work to re-architect the B2C – or this is their website basically for consumers, and it's just is happening at the right time. They can learn a lot from the group on how to experiment and optimize and do various forms of marketing to drive more and more diners to the OpenTable restaurants and that's been a real positive and a ton of learning have gone back and forth and we've put a couple of folks now into OpenTable from Booking.com to help them with that B2C side of the business. I would also say that their B2B competency back to the previous question is also assisting us in how we think about Hotel Marketing Services. They've had a tradition of selling in basically software annuity contracts into restaurants and building relationships that were both B2B and B2C and that's something that we as a group have not had that experience and we've really learned a lot from them on how to manage that and how to manage expectations around how that delivers and how to manage any inherent conflict in providing both software and B2C booking experience. So to-date I would say as I think we've highlighted OpenTable financially has performed about where we thought it would perform, if not maybe a little bit better than that but really what I'm most excited about is the things that we're doing to build a new more exciting platform for OpenTable as part of the group looking forward into the future.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ronald Josey with JMP Securities. Your line is open.
Ronald Josey – JMP Securities: Two please. Wondering if you can give us an update on how you're preparing for the Spring/Summer travel season in Asia and Latin America. Anything different this year as those markets increasingly shift online? I think Dan you mentioned that things have recovered somewhat in Southeast Asia. And then the second one, second quarter in a row where we've seen increased percentage of user whose are now logging into Priceline, wondering if this has increased due to mobile or something you are doing in the marketing spend? Thank you.
Darren Huston: Dan, do you want to take Asia a little bit and then I'll jump into the account?
Dan Finnegan: Sure, so getting ready for spring and summer is just kind of normal operating procedure in the business. It's going out and trying to make sure that we’ve got – constantly adding properties and then for the properties that we've got in our system making sure we've got good availability, best prices for our customers and then aggressively tapping into demand through variable channels at reasonable ROIs and then when we bring the traffic to our websites having what we think is the best in market experience for our customers to make sure that we convert that traffic into a booking.
Ronald Josey – JMP Securities: And Southeast Asia is back online to a certain extent given the unrest in Thailand?
Dan Finnegan: I wouldn't say completely back online. We said it improved to an extent but still not back where it was prior to the unrest there and Martial Law.
Darren Huston: Yes. I would say generally that Dan framed it well that Southeast Asia is no longer in the whole [ph], but with the combination of everything that happened there – the burning of factories in Vietnam and of course the two Malaysian air tragedies in particular have shaken a lot of confidence for a lot of travelers who are not experienced travelers, maybe their first or second time out of the country. Obviously time is what will heal this but I think that's also been part of the reason why you've seen such a pickup in North Asian travel. I think for a lot of North Asians right now it's just feels a little bit more safe, but I'm really confident that over time obviously these things will work their way through. And your second question was just about how do we get more logged in users? We're using various techniques. We have 10s of 1000s of closed user group rates on the site, but you have to be logged in to be able to see. You don't by the way see these rates on any meta, you don’t see them on Google and that's been a real asset for us for to get people to logged in because they basically say, they login to see lower rates, that’s pretty compelling. But also I think having an account allows you as you've noted to go across screens. So if you book on a PC, having your account is what allows your booking to show up on your mobile phone. It sounds like so simple but it's extremely powerful, then you don't have to print off your confirmation and also I think logging in gives consumers just more comfort that they're able to get to their stuff a lot easier. The other thing is generally speaking we've done a lot of work to make the creation of account and the maintenance of an account have a lot less friction than it did in the past and I think that's been a big positive for all of the brands actually.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes the Q&A session. I'll now turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Darren Huston: Yes, we want to thank everyone again for joining the call. I think you see that our guidance reflects appropriate level of prudence on the things that we don't control but we remain very optimistic. This was the largest quarter in the Priceline Group's history and we will – I'm sure print many quarters like that looking forward into the future. So thanks for joining the call everyone.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude today's conference. You may all disconnect and everyone have a great day.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-11 07:30:00) =====
Executives:  Darren Huston – President & Chief Executive Officer Daniel J. Finnegan – Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts: Justin Post – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dough T. Anmuth – JPMorgan Securities, LLC Mark S. Mahaney – RBC Capital Markets, LLC Dean J. Prissman – Credit Suisse Securities, LLC Thomas Cauthorn White – Macquarie Capital Inc. Ross Sandler – Deutsche Bank AG Heath P. Terry – Goldman Sachs Brian Fitzgerald – Jefferies & Co. Ronald V. Josey – JPMorgan Securities, LLC Michael L. Millman – Millman Research Associates Kevin Kopelman – Cowen and Company 
Operator:  Welcome to the Priceline Group's Second Quarter 2014 Conference Call. The Priceline would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals or expectations similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause the Group’s actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of Gorup’s earnings press release, as well as the Group’s most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, the Priceline Group undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Group's earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the Investor Relations section of the Priceline Group's website www.priceline.com. And now, I would like to introduce the Priceline Group's speakers for this afternoon, Darren Huston and Daniel Finnegan. Please go ahead, gentlemen.
Darren Huston: Well thank you very much. Welcome to the Priceline Group’s second quarter conference call. Thank you for joining us before the market opens this morning in New York. I'm here in Amsterdam with Priceline Group CFO Dan Finnegan. The Group reported consolidated gross bookings for the second quarter of approximately $13.5 billion, up 34% year-over-year, or about 32% on a local currency basis. Non-GAAP net income was $667 million; up 31% year over year, and earnings per share was $12.51, up 29% versus prior year surpassing Factset consensus estimate of $12.06 per share and our guidance for the quarter. Our customers booked accommodation reservations for 90 million room nights in the quarter, up 29% year over year. Booking.com's platform now has over 525,000 hotels and other accommodations in 205 countries, up 58% over last year, reflecting Booking.com's continued aggressive push to extend its lead as the world's largest brand for booking accommodations. Following the success of Booking.com's first offline advertising campaign in the U.S. last year, and the encouraging early results this year of the campaigns in Australia, the UK, and Canada, we launched TV advertising in Germany a few weeks ago. These off-line branding efforts, together with our substantial long term investments in online brand building, product innovation and best-in-class customer service have helped to grow our mix of direct business. We believe the healthy balance we have between a strong direct business and first-time customers acquired online are critical to sustained and profitable growth, and are helping us increase market share in every market we operate in. Another area of investment and innovation for Booking.com has been vacation rentals. We are rapidly expanding our footprint of vacation rentals, and we now have over 190,000 directly bookable self-catered properties. In the last 12 months, our customers spent over $4 billion on vacation rentals that they booked primarily through Bookng.com, but also on our experimental site, Villas.com. We are encouraged by these early results, but also recognize there is still much left to do. We expect to make significant progress in how we grow, merchandise, and expand our vacation rental offering in the coming months. Agoda.com was negatively impacted by the civil unrest in Thailand, but nevertheless delivered good transactional growth in the quarter. Both Agoda.com and Booking.com continued to strengthen the Group’s position in the Asia Pacific region, particularly among international travelers. We are making excellent strides in North Asia and Booking.com has become the largest online accommodation service in Australia. This region of the world continues to contribute to higher overall Group growth, as it increases its share of our worldwide business. Priceline.com posted solid 21% growth in gross bookings, with strong results in its retail offerings. The Name Your Own Price business however continues to be under pressure, given the tighter availability conditions present in today's robust travel environment. Priceline.com's hotel results, when combined with Booking.com's success in North America, continued to reflect hotel market share gains. RentalCars.com delivered good results in what has become a more competitively intense marketplace. Having transitioned from an entirely semi-opaque offering to a retail offering, our team is now focusing on striking the right balance of savings and transparency, to deliver the right product at the right time. I have high confidence in our team's ability to successfully make this transition. KAYAK again delivered an impressive bottom line quarter, while also accelerating its top line. Targeted expansion in Europe, with a dedicated off-line advertising presence is yielding favorable results, and we look forward to building the KAYAK franchise across Europe, in an aggressive but profitable manner. Success on mobile remains critical to all of our brands. Mobile has become a very material and fast-growing booking channel for the Group, and we believe we are on the right path of offering best-in-class experiences, without bias to interface chosen by the customer. We prefer to earn our customer's loyalty over the long term, by exceeding their expectations, time-and-time again, rather than relying on short-term channel specific incentives. We view the mobile opportunity through this lens, and are taking a disciplined approach to driving lasting, sustainable customer engagement with our Company's brands. China is also critical for the future. As we announced last week, the Group expanded its relationship with Ctrip, the largest online travel agency in China. We invested $500 million through a convertible bond, and feature a plan of the Group the right to obtain up to 10% of Ctrip's outstanding through a combination of this convertible bond and open market purchases. The Group will also have the right to appoint an observer to the Ctrip Board of Directors. By getting closer together, both we and Ctrip see ways that we can offer our customers the absolute best choice of accommodations and experiences. This collaboration will bring more guests to China, and more Chinese to the rest of the world, in the coming months, quarters and years. I look forward to executing against this next stage of our partnership, and continuing to learn from and work with James and his leadership team in Shanghai. Finally, I'd like to welcome the OpenTable team to the Priceline Group. We closed on the acquisition in late July, and have already begun the groundwork to realize the global potential we see in this adjacent marketplace. The OpenTable team meanwhile has been working hard on expanding our mobile payments app, known as Pay with OpenTable, beyond the pilot launch in San Francisco earlier this year. Today, we are announcing that Pay with OpenTable is now launching in New York. We are also confirming our plans to roll it out to 20 other cities across the U.S. before year-end. Early results show that everyone wins with pay with OpenTable. The restaurant gets faster table turns, the servers get better tips, and the guests leave far more satisfied. Since many of you on the call are from San Francisco or New York, we welcome you to try this experience yourselves. It's really quite satisfying, and we believe it has great potential. The Group's business performance exceeded expectations in the quarter. We remain committed to making the smart investments in marketing and people, and I want to thank our employees around the world for their hard work and dedication. I will now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review. Dan.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Thanks, Darren. I'll discuss some of the highlights and operating results and cash flows for the quarter, and then provide guidance for the third quarter of 2014. Growth rates mentioned in my remarks are in relation to the prior year comparable period, unless otherwise indicated. Q2 was a strong quarter from a top and bottom line perspective. Room nights booked grew by 29% in the second quarter, with solid performance across all our key regions. Average daily rates, or ADRs, for Q2 2014 were up on a local currency basis by about 3% for the consolidated Group. The FX rate for the Euro to the U.S. dollar was favorable for the second quarter compared to the prior year by about 5%; however, the Euro weakened versus the dollar as compared to the $1.39 exchange rate that prevailed at the time we gave Q2 guidance. As a result, currency exchange rates helped year-over-year U.S. dollar growth, but had a slightly negative impact compared to our guidance. Q2 gross bookings grew by 34% compared to prior year. Our Q2 international bookings to grow by 36% in U.S. dollars, and by about 35% on a local currency basis. Gross bookings for our Priceline.com brand business in the U.S. grew by 21%. Performance was strong across retail air, hotel, and rental car verticals, including the benefit from increased advertising placements within KAYAK. Hotel express deals also performed well, but our Name Your Own Price hotel, air, and car services were all down year-over-year, due to limited availability of discounted rates, and share shift to express deals. I highlight that Name Your Own Price impacts merchant gross bookings, and disproportionately impacts merchant revenues, since we record Name Your Own Price revenues on a gross basis, while our other revenues are recorded on a net basis. Gross profit for the quarter was $1.9 billion, and grew 36%, as compared to the prior year. The inclusion of KAYAK in our results contributed about 3 percentage points of inorganic gross profit growth for the quarter, and a later Easter this year also benefited Q2 growth. Our international operations generated gross profit of $1.65 billion, which constituted an increase of 38% as compared to the prior year, and 36% on a local currency basis. Gross profit for our U.S. business including KAYAK amounted to $230 million, which represented 25% growth versus prior year. Non-GAAP operating income amounted to 42% of gross profit for Q2, which is 210 bips lower than last year. Operating margins were impacted by 76 bips of deleverage in offline advertising, mainly related to our Booking.com TV campaigns and the inclusion of KAYAK offline advertising. Online advertising expense as a percentage of gross profit delevered by 50 bips compared to prior year, mainly due to lower ROIs, partly offset by the favorable impact of including KAYAK. The inclusion of KAYAK benefits this metric through the anniversary of the acquisition, because KAYAK spends relatively less on online advertising as a percentage of gross profit, and spending by our other brands for ad placements on KAYAK is eliminated from our consolidated results. Other OpEx also reflects some deleverage, because it includes $5.6 million of one-time deal costs incurred in Q2, related mainly to the OpenTable acquisition. OpEx also includes the impact of our investment in people, offices, and IT-related expenses to support our business growth. Operating margins came in about 100 bips better than our guidance forecast, due mainly to less year-over-year decline than assumed in online advertising ROIs. Adjusted EBITDA for Q2 amounted to $809 million, which exceeded the top end of our guidance range of $775 million, and represents 30% growth versus prior year. Non-GAAP net income grew by 31%, and non-GAAP EPS grew by 29%, reflecting the impact of the higher fully-diluted share count. In terms of cash flow, we generated approximately $690 million of cash from operations during second quarter of 2014, which is about 16% above last year. We spent about $32 million on CapEx, and we repaid about $59 million of our 2015 convertible notes upon early conversion by their holders. Our cash and investments amounted to $7.2 billion at quarter end, with about $1.8 billion in the U.S. In July, we used our U.S. cash and $995 million borrowed under our revolving credit facility to fund the $2.5 billion of cash paid to close the OpenTable acquisition. Our credit facility does not expire for over two years, and represents low-cost borrowing, at about 1.4% interest. Our credit rating was recently upgraded by S&P to BBB-plus, and terms in the investment grade and convertible debt markets continued to be very attractive. We will evaluate all longer-term financing options available to us going forward. Before I cover third quarter guidance, I'd like to spend a few moments on recent strategic transactions, and their impact on the forecast. We lapped the KAYAK acquisition we made on May 21 last year, so there is no inorganic benefit to top line and bottom line growth in Q3. We have also seen a meaningful benefit to our online ad efficiency over the past year from KAYAK's impact on this metric as I mentioned a moment ago, while discussing Q2 results. This year-over-year benefit no longer exists in Q3. OpenTable is included in our forecasted results from the acquisition close date of July 24 through the end of the quarter. It is only a couple of weeks since the deal closed, so we are in the process of charting the path forward with the OpenTable team, but we intend to increase investment in Q3 and coming quarters, to position the business for future growth. We expect that the impact of the OpenTable acquisition on our non-GAAP EPS for Q3 will be slightly accretive. In Q2, we also acquired certain businesses that provide hotel marketing services including boutique. Our Q3 forecast includes the operating expenses for these businesses, as they build and refine their services over Q3 and coming quarters, to go to market. We believe that our hotel marketing services team will create compelling offerings for our hotel partners, and help us deepen our relationships with them on a mutually beneficial basis. Lastly, we just recently announced an expansion of our partnership with Ctrip. We have great respect for the Ctrip team, and are excited at the prospect of partnering more closely with the leading online travel agent in China. We invested $500 million of our international cash in a Ctrip convertible bond. Ctrip also granted Priceline Group the right to purchase their shares in the open market over the next year, so that combined with shares underlying the convertible bond Priceline Group could hold up to 10% of Ctrip’s outstanding shares. The impact of the enhanced partnership is reflected in our guidance forecast, and is not expected to have a significant impact on our near term financial results. For Q3 guidance, we are forecasting total gross bookings to grow by 19% to 29% in U.S. dollars, and by 18% to 28% our local currency basis. With U.S. gross bookings growing by about 10% to 15%, which reflects lapping certain ad placements on KAYAK. We expect international gross bookings to grow by 22% to 33% in U.S. dollars, and by 21% to 31% on a local currency basis. Our Q3 forecasts assumes that local currency ADRs for the consolidated Group will be up by about 3% compared to the prior year period. Our Q3 forecast assume that the foreign exchange rates remain at the same $1.34 per Euro and $1.68 per British pound as Friday's closing rates, which would result in average exchange rates that would be stronger by about 2% for the Euro and about 9% for the British pound, as compared to the prior year. I highlight that the Euro exchange rate assumed in our forecast is about 3% weaker than the$1.39 exchange rate that prevailed at the time we reported Q1 and most analyst last updated their forecasts. We have hedged contracts in place to substantially shield our third quarter EBITDA and their earnings from any fluctuation in the Euro or pound versus the dollar between now and the end of the quarter, but these hedges do not offset the impact of translation on our gross bookings, revenue, gross profit and operating income and don’t hedge our earnings beyond the third quarter. We expect Q3 revenue to grow year-over-year by approximately 15% to 25%, and gross profit dollars to grow by approximately 21% to 31%. We expect the declines in our Name Your Own Price service will impact revenue growth rates in Q3. We expect 350 to 400 bps of deleverage in non-GAAP operating income as a percent of gross profit compare to prior year primarily due to lower online ad ROIs, increased offline spend, and increased investment in other operating expenses. Our Q3 online advertising forecast reflects our actual results to date, and assumed further pressure throughout the remainder of the quarter, based upon the trends we have experienced over the last couple of years. We estimate that the Group will spend roughly $130 million for offline advertising over the back half of the year, with more than half the spend coming in Q3, which puts us near the high end of the full-year range we previously provided. We are pleased with our forecasted operating margins as we make the investments for future growth in OpenTable and hotel marketing services, that we said we would make at the time of the acquisitions. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $1.265 billion and $1.365 billion, which at the midpoint represents 18% growth versus prior year. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax rate of approximately 16%, comprised of international income taxes and alternative minimum tax and state income taxes in the U.S. We are targeting non-GAAP fully diluted EPS of approximately $19.60 to $21.10 per share which at the midpoint represents 18% growth year-over-year. Our non-GAAP EPS guidance assumes a fully-diluted share count of 53.4 million shares, based upon Friday’s closing stock price. We forecast GAAP EPS between $17.86 and $19.36 per share for Q3. The difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP results is driven by non-GAAP adjustments that are detailed in our earnings release. In summary, we believe that our forecast reflects another quarter where we would sustain our market leading topline growth rates, while maintaining strong bottom line growth, and market-leading profit margins. The advertising investments assumed in our forecast are consistent with our past practice, while following a disciplined and sustainable approach to support our brands, while striking a reasonable balance between growth and profitability. We believe that investments in restaurant reservation and hotel marketing services will plant seeds for future growth. Our guidance reflects our actual results to date and our expectation that such a large business, comparing against high transaction growth rates, will experience a pattern of sequential deceleration. Our forecast does not assume any material change in macroeconomic conditions in general, and conditions in the consumer travel market in particular. We will now take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Justin Post of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now opened.
Justin Post – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I'll just do one. On the OpenTable acquisition, can you tell us how you plan to report that in your financials going forward, how we should be thinking about modeling it, and then how you've incorporated that in your gross profit growth, and EBITDA growth, and the EPS growth guidance for Q3? Thank you.
Darren Huston: Hi, Justin. We'll report it in revenue, gross profit and in our EBITDA bottom line. It won't show up in our gross bookings or in our room nights obviously so those are key metrics that we always point to for the top line health of the business so those will be unimpacted. For the first year, we'll likely report the revenue that is generated by the business so you have a read on the inorganic impact on our growth rates. We won't break out their profitability separately. We may break out specific metrics from time to time like restaurant count or seated diners, but I wouldn't think we're going to be reporting on those consistently quarter to quarter.
Justin Post – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And is there a benefit in your EBITDA or EPS in 3Q?
Darren Huston: There is. So as I've said in the prepared remarks we've included OpenTable from the acquisition close date of July 24 through the end of the quarter. Now our forecast does reflect our expectation that we're going to make investments in the business as we said at the time of the acquisition, particularly in the area of international growth and so our forecast also reflects those investments.
Justin Post – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Darren Huston: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dough Anmuth of JPMorgan. Your line is now opened.
Dough T. Anmuth – JPMorgan Securities, LLC:  Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to ask about the marketing environment, and Dan, if you could just go into more detail on your comments on ROI and what you're expecting in Q3 here? And also I think, Darren, you talked about disciplined approach on mobile, if you could elaborate on that a little bit as well? Thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Thanks a lot, Doug. So in terms of the Marketing environment I'd say on the online side it's obviously a very competitive environment but relatively stable. I'd say we're being like always a little bit prudent because we don't completely control that environment and if within the next six weeks it changes we want to reflect that in our guidance but nothing other than that will report. Obviously the offline Marketing is the stuff that we completely control and that's an area where we decided we're still within the range but at the higher end of the range we gave an offline marketing and we're making investments specifically by with KAYAK and booking.com in Europe and we've actually seen results from the investments we've made to date and we're deciding to double down a little bit on that on the back end of the Summer. Those are the two things as it relates to Marketing. I'd say also from an online perspective of course we're in this competitive environment but we also mentioned our direct business is increasing quite nicely. That's the kind of effect you'd want to see if do offline Marketing which is also a bit of a mobile effect and more of our business on mobile comes direct but I think that's a real healthy trend for the future of course we want to continue to bring new customers into the franchise and that's why we do Marketing but those customers are sticking to the platform and coming back directly which is a real positive sign. And just final comment on the mobile front. We continue to feel really good our mobile products both our web based products and our App product. We don't talk about the percentage of our business that gets done on mobile but it's definitely in line with the other players in our industry and we continue to see really significant growth on mobile going forward and that's not just us, we're seeing that everywhere we buy demand and it's really the nature of the customers transition to more of a multi-screen environment versus just a pure desktop business.
Dough T. Anmuth – JPMorgan Securities, LLC: Great. thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney of RBC. Your line is now opened.
Mark S. Mahaney – RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Two questions please. Darren on this direct approach that you are talking about this direct business, could you quantify how much of your business you would say is direct and I assume you mean people coming directly to your brands rather than coming to you through search engine marketing channels. And what learnings do you have about how the loyalty of these customers to profitability, customers to come to you directly versus through the other channels you used in the past and just briefly on Ctrip, it sounds like its not that material because you talk about the mechanics of the deal, maybe its not that change than what you have in the past, but how should that impact if its successful, how should that impact your bookings revenue and earnings five years down the road. Thanks.
Darren Huston: Yes, thanks a lot Mark. I would say first on the direct approach, so we don’t like to reveal the exact percentages that we get direct than what we don’t. the way we do think about it though is its all of the free demand that we get basically people coming and typing in Booking.com of coming through our approximately. We often also include of course SEO, e-mail. There is a it of a debate on the SEM we spent our own brand, because that’s very high ROI, but we do consider that indirect, because we are buying the customer, but those customers obviously pay type Booking.com into a search engine and pick our ad, we do pay for them but it’s at a lower rate and that obviously helps us the more they do that versus finding us in other ways, but generally speaking it’s a positive trend, but we like to of course keep a good balance. We are also pushing account signup more on Booking.com and our other brands and a much higher percentage of our customers now use accounts and those accounts are also used to experience the brand more than just a booking brand to get their confirmation when they arrive on site, its also for us to give them other offers, we give our account holders discounted rates, things like that and that’s also improving the business that comes back to us through account holders who generally tend to book more direct than they do through paid channels, because they have an established relationship with us. And then on the Ctrip, you know the mechanics are basically you know Ctrip is a channel for us, if a Ctrip customer books at Booking.com or Agoda hotel room then we record that and then the cost of marketing is what we pay Ctrip in terms of the revenue share its kind of typical affiliate relationship and that we hope gets better and stronger because in this next phase of our relationships we are really working closely with Ctrip to both brand, so the Ctrip customer knows they are booking on Booking or Agoda, but also too improve the content that’s being used to market international accommodations to Ctrip customers. The other side of this deal which actually is completely new, is us using Ctrip’s properties and using those on Booking.com in a reciprocal fashion so we will have customer whose come from overseas and may want to stay in a really small village in China and which may not see a lot of international demand, we will be able to offer them a product that is actually supplied by Ctrip but we end up doing the booking and they of course pay us back for that customer as well. So, obviously we see even regardless of the Ctrip deal, Chinese bookers are one of the fastest growing bookers on all of our properties, particularly on Agoda and Booking and we think that this will only accelerate that and of course tapping into China is going to be a huge benefit, both because they are a great source of bookings, but also we are running a global business here and we believe five, 10 years down the road it would be hard to say you are global if you are not taken China and this is just a next step for us in what will likely be a series of steps as we move closer and closer to Ctrip overtime.
Mark S. Mahaney – RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Thanks Darren.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dean Prissman of Credit Suisse. Your line is now opened.
Dean J. Prissman – Credit Suisse Securities: Thanks for taking my questions. So Darren, just sticking with Ctrip, obviously given the market opportunity of outbound demand from China, I think the strategic motivations for the enhanced distribution agreement are very clear. However, could you shed some light on the strategic motivations underpinning the investment in the Company? And then I think you previously indicated that when you acquired KAYAK, The Priceline Group's brands were underrepresented as advertisers on the platform. To what degree are you fully represented now, and if not, can you give us a qualitative sense on how much runway remains? And then I have one follow-up afterwards, thanks.
LLC: Thanks for taking my questions. So Darren, just sticking with Ctrip, obviously given the market opportunity of outbound demand from China, I think the strategic motivations for the enhanced distribution agreement are very clear. However, could you shed some light on the strategic motivations underpinning the investment in the Company? And then I think you previously indicated that when you acquired KAYAK, The Priceline Group's brands were underrepresented as advertisers on the platform. To what degree are you fully represented now, and if not, can you give us a qualitative sense on how much runway remains? And then I have one follow-up afterwards, thanks.
Darren Huston: Okay. I would say first of all on the Ctrip deal our original relationship in 2012 was commercial and it was fairly arms length. It was really meant to test the international product of Ctrip and also to build a relationship between the two companies to see a lot of this does come down to cultural match and can we work together and can we build trust together and this next wave which really is a next step and we that making an investment in Ctrip along with the commercial relationship also allowed us to go much deeper int eh commercial relationship with also something that was important to Ctrip as well and I think also in a North Asian context taking a minority share is a positive next step that we're also aligned with their success, the future becomes successful and we become more conformable on the commercial side pushing our brands to one anothers customers but that's really the reason behind it. I think it's a very safe investment in the way that we built it, it gives us a lot of options going forward, both sides retained a lot of flexibility in both running our own businesses but also I mentioned to James we're almost like second cousins now, we're not necessarily married but we are certainly related and that also for our employees on both sides, I think – then understand relationship between the two companies is more special than a standard arms length commercial relationship. And your second question was Dean was on KAYAK?
Dean J. Prissman – Credit Suisse Securities, LLC: Exactly.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Yes, I would say it's funny because we go back and forth as you know at the Group we run our brands very independently and I give Steve a hard time all the time. I would say we have reasonable representation on KAYAK. We don't do anything with KAYAK to tilt the playing field at all. We keep a very strong Chinese law between the works that they do with many of our competitors who are also advertisers on KAYAK and we haven’t that anything to change those dynamics but I would say at this point, relative to the market share that we have and particularly in United States where KAYAK is strongest, our brands are reasonably represented but I always believe we can do more but I think about that more in an arms length way of how can booking and go to and Agoda and Priceline work even closer with KAYAK, to get a more meaningful share of their business, but our share on KAYAK I would say as represented as we are on say trip advisor, or other platforms that aren’t owned by the Group.
Dean J. Prissman – Credit Suisse Securities, LLC:  Great and just final question being, I was wondering if you could quantify the impact that the Agoda headwinds you called out had on your room night growth in the quarter?
Darren Huston:  No, we wouldn’t separately that out it. It's hard to quantify an impact too, Dean. We can see when a market is impacted the growth rate suffers but we don't know to what extent those people are instead going and staying in Malaysia or Indonesia so we don't put out a quantification on that.
Daniel J. Finnegan:  One thing I would just highlight is that Agoda, in Asia generally what we saw because of the issues in Thailand but also issues in Vietnam et cetera and also the Malaysian air tragedy the original one that Chinese bookers are among the biggest bookers in the region and many of them decided to travel into North Asia so we both saw great business in North Asia, but a lot less in Southeast Asia, so generally that would balance out but Agoda has other issue they very strong with bookers in Southeast Asia and it was some nervousness among bookers in Southeast Asia, given everything going on there but as I mentioned as well, we do hope that is abating and we do see some positive signs so that particular situation impact us as much going forward.
Dean J. Prissman – Credit Suisse Securities, LLC:  Thanks guys. 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Tom White of Macquarie. Your line is now opened.
Thomas Cauthorn White – Macquarie Capital Inc.:  Great thanks for taking my question. Just on the issue of direct versus paid traffic, seems like you guys are benefiting from your recent branding campaigns. But, I guess my question I guess is on the Meta search channel. A lot of those are also investing considerably in consumer marketing. Can you maybe comment a bit on whether that channel, the Meta search players, is kind of increasing as a percentage of your mix, or is your direct traffic gains coming primarily from traditional paid search or affiliate channels, other channels? And then just quickly on the hotel marketing services opportunity, the acquisition of boutique seems interesting, maybe just a bit more color on the strategy there, and potential synergies? Thanks.
Darren Huston: Yes. Thanks, Tom. We generally speaking among our paid sources of demand, Meta has been quite strong although I would say a little less so in the last few months in terms of its percentage. Probably the biggest weakness in terms of growth has been Google and PPC overall and I think that reflects as much Google shift from desktop to mobile. We do think in all these channels by the way, we are increasing our share of these channels, but I should also flag that Meta search is not that critical to our business. It's an important channel but PPC and even our affiliate business would holdup to our overall Meta search business. So, that’s a little bit of color there. And when you compare direct to overall paid, our direct business is growing faster than our paid business, and then when it comes to hotel Marketing services, we don't want to reveal too many cards here, but right now, before we acquired Boutique and Hotel Ninjas, we already had a number products, we were selling B2B basically to Hotels. We do a lot of white label sites for the chains and other languages, we also have a product both Agoda us called the Booking button that allows hotel websites to add booking functionality at no cost to their websites. All of these are things we're doing to increase our value to hotels, but now we're looking at cloud-based solutions to really help hotels improve their own direct marketing over time and there will be more to report on that in the coming months and quarters.
Thomas Cauthorn White – Macquarie Capital Inc.:  Great. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross Sandler of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now opened.
Ross Sandler – Deutsche Bank AG:  Thanks, guys. So I had a question on the kind of offline marketing versus online marketing. So you're now about two years into the offline campaign, and can you broadly talk about how you're measuring success of the program, and at some point, do you expect to see your online marketing start to show leverage, when combined with this pace of offline marketing, as we've seen with some other companies? Doesn't look like its showing up yet in the financials, but maybe on a country-by-country basis are you seeing that? And then second question is for the customers that you're bringing in direct from these new mobile channels can you just talk about how the LTV or the purchase frequency compares to customers that have come in historically under the PC channel as you measured it? Thanks.
Darren Huston: Okay, Ross. First of all on the offline versus online, there's a set of macro measures that are important and then there's a set of micro measures. Let me start with the micro measures there are about how you spend and the media you use and the ROI you get from running an ad on this channel versus that channel. That's all a very sophisticated set of measure that helps you improve the ROI you get from offline in short and medium term. The macro measure of course if you add online plus offline in any market you want to be able to return – increase your return on overall advertising in that market and often that takes some time. It can be six months, nine months, 12-months, 24-months but that's ultimately the goal and if we don't achieve that if ultimately we can't get a market from a level of return before we did offline to a higher return after we did offline, then that wasn't a good investment to make. We're still early on even though it feels like we've been doing this for a long time. Many of our Markets even Australia which is our second market hasn't even lapped a year, but we feel relatively confident that over time we can improve our return on advertising in every market using a positive mix of marketing tools including offline and online marketing, but again, this is early learning and we're quite positive but more to come. As it relates to mobile you always have to go into the different aspects of mobile. Lots has been written about last minute booking, obviously if you look on a per transaction basis and this is now mostly mobile phones, a last-minute booking is usually for one night and on average our bookings are two nights or more so that immediately makes it a less valuable booking, but what you don't know is that if that's banned, for instance booking he may be a customer that his next booking may be a five night booking and you’ve got to be careful that you don't under attribute the value of maybe finding Dan on his cell phone in the next time finding Dan on a PC. The other thing I would say about mobile is, that’s a very specific thing, around last minute booking, but we’ve also seen a trend where people are doing more and more early booking. And, lot of that is happening on tablets as they are earlier in their research process and we find that tablet-based booking is as if not at times more valuable even than the PC bookings. So you shouldn't just paint all of this stuff with a single brush and we have to look into the economics of each channel and then obviously what you're willing to pay is really attribution of the customer when you go out and try to find at the map. I hope that helpful.
Ross Sandler – Deutsche Bank AG: Yeah very helpful thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you Our next question comes from Heath Terry from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now opened.
Heath P. Terry – Goldman Sachs:  Great thank. I was wondering if you could give us a sense from maybe more macro perspective, as we look at the occupancy rates at record highs, and the increases that we've seen in ADRs, do you have a sense of whether or not that's been a positive or negative headwind to your business and to the extent that we think about how this is going to have an impact over the next year whether or not we're seeing sort of crowding out of the leisure market as occupancy rates hit that level and you start to see the less price sensitive business market continue to take share versus leisure?
Darren Huston:  Okay. Thanks Heath I will add something to that one. So first of all the important thing is not to paint too much of a brush on things geographically because the U.S. market is very different than any other markets. You've got extremes like if you look at four star and five star hotels in China they are still running a very low occupancy because that’s a market that's over-built, and then you have different destinations. Some are very business oriented, some are very leisure oriented like in Orlando and some are kind of a mix if you look at a city like New York. Also leisure customers also tend to be a valuable customers to hotels it depends on where their business customers are coming from business customers will sometime pay higher ADR but in some hotels the leisure customer may be worth more depending on how the business customer was acquired. In our business generally, our business works well positively with the cycle meaning if ADRs go up then our commissions are higher, but we also have a counter cyclical chit is in low demand periods and we obviously get better availability and that helps our opaque business and other high discount our products build supply. So we are able to be a little bit we can write the cycles quite well because of these countering effects and I don’t believe that we’re seeing environment almost in any market where we are feeling crowded out of demand. Certainly right now as we speak this is high season in Europe literally this week and we still have availability in most markets in Europe. And then we're going to go obviously into the fall and then we are going to have a lot more opportunities to sell lot more product.
Heath P. Terry – Goldman Sachs: Great thank you.
Operator: Thank you Our next question comes from Naved Khan from Cantor Fitzgerald Your line is now opened.
Naved Khan – Cantor Fitzgerald: Yes thank for taking the question. Darren, just going back to your comments about KAYAK, and seeing a topline acceleration in that business, were you sort of referring to the business on a gross business, or just on a net business? And then regarding the expansion in Europe for KAYAK, do you plan to focus more on the hotel side or on the air side, and can you just sort of clarify that for us?
Darren Huston: Yes, I would say that the comments with KAYAK on gross or net are both for same and then regarding their expansion I think that the team is still working that out in Europe they have been in the advertising if you see it has been in more in air message that's then taken into hotel, but they are experimenting with various types of coffee to see which works best.
Naved Khan – Cantor Fitzgerald: Okay Great.
Darren Huston:  Thank you.
Operator: Thank you Our next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald of Jefferies. You line is now open.
Brian Fitzgerald – Jefferies & Co.: Thanks. Maybe two quick follow-ups on OpenTable. You mentioned rolling out Pay with OpenTable in San Francisco and New York, and 20 other cities by year-end. Any additional color on other facets of the integration timeline, or focuses there, and when you expect to see kind of the real meaty plan to leverage your benefit from the acquisition? So that's one follow-up. And then the second one, to Doug's question on advertising ROIs, last quarter you mentioned a conscientious decision to invest in variable channels. Are the ROIs you see there inherently higher than in other channels, and that's why you decided to focus there, or do you believe you can extract better results from these channels, than the market of your competitors? Thanks.
Darren Huston:  Okay Brian. I'd say first in OpenTable, yes, we certainly haven't been, we did a lot of planning and we're now in the execution phase of those plans. As we highlighted during the acquisition it's really three areas we're focused on. One is international expansion so we're in the middle of those plans really exciting and that's an issue of product getting all the language translations, an issue of which cities, how fast but I expect that we'll be through the Fall get ourselves aligned, and begin executing fairly forthrightly. The second area is co-marketing and that's something that's in the plans right now and co-marketing is if you're a booking.com guest from London staying in New York, co-promoting the OpenTable App and the restaurants around your hotel, for instance, and those are tests that we hope to put in play pretty quickly and then finally was the payments area and you have the update on that so I feel really good about where we are and there's lots of work to do. The teams are now moving between San Francisco and Amsterdam, in particular, doing a lot of learning and a lot of things that come into play. And I think by 2015, I hope, we'll be in full rollout of those plans. As it relates to ROIs and variable channels, there's a lot that goes into ROIs. Certainly it's a very competitive environment, and the costs of buying a booker have been going up. We try to counteract that by increasing investments on our website so they convert better, which we've been seeing some good success with but also building more direct business so that we rely less and less on the paid demand, which is allowing us, basically creating currency to more aggressively go out and find those customers through paid channels.  Not much else to it other than that. Obviously, we try to balance ROIs against the various sources of demand, and we both evaluate the ROI of the demand, and then also the importance from a strategic nature of the demand and it's something that we're buying where we get full access to the customer, and can cross market to them, et cetera, or is it a source that doesn't allow us near as much freedom to build a long term relationship with that customer. And that's how we set our ROI targets, and we're quite disciplined as a Company around that. And basically making sure that we don't really look at lifetime value, although we value that, we're looking at how we earn money on every single conversion that we buy.
Brian Fitzgerald – Jefferies & Co.: Great, thanks, Darren.
Darren Huston: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ronald Josey of JMP Securities. Your line is now opened.
Ronald V. Josey – JPMorgan Securities, LLC:  Great. Thanks for taking the question. So more a high level question, Darren. We're now in a few years of the expansion of Booking.com here in the US, and I'm just wondering what the impact has been from other international markets, as more hotels come here, or are available here domestically? And specifically the demand from call it Europe and South America coming here, and then vice versa. And then also just a real quick follow-up on the marketing line. I think you said TV in Germany, I understand you are marketing more in TV here, but why Germany now? Thank you.
Darren Huston: Thanks, Ron. Let me first address the US, we announced on a previous Conference Call the U.S. is now Booking.com's largest destination market and certainly, we've had historic business that comes in from Europe, and that generally lands in a few obvious destinations, New York, Washington DC, a lot of East Coast destinations, Orlando. but recently we've seen a significant impact from guests from Latin America. I was recently in Miami talking to some hotels and we think we're the Brazilian OTA, which of course we are. But that's how they think about us because it's the guest that shows up from booking.com and then out on the West Coast a significant increase with Asian guests and Pacific guests from Oceananna in the San Francisco and Las Vegas, et cetera. So I feel a lot better about the international demand in the United States but even more importantly what I get excited about is we're getting more U.S. guests staying in the U.S.. It's probably one of our fastest growing Markets is American domestic travelers discovering the tremendous flexibility of pay when you stay, instead of paying ahead and really logging the diversity of properties that we have on our site and that really the thing creating a tipping point in the U.S. market for us and we're now at a level of accommodation and property options that I feel very proud of, and the U.S. is right up there with some of our more mature European markets in terms of what we can offer our customers, but much more to do Germany. And then Germany, the decision really was we came into the U.K. which isn’t fairly call it in quotes mature market for us, but we saw some really positive results there because even despite how successful we've been in U.K. are aided awareness was not near we wanted it to be what we've seen some acceleration in the U.K. as bookers and we decided to go into Germany. Germany has been a market for us in Europe that we do well in but we under index relative to what we do in the rest of Western Europe primarily because we have some domestic competition and a lot of German surprisingly just travel to Germany, but the campaign so far has done a nice job and it's very early days of introducing the Germans that you can use Booking.com as you love to travel Italy or Spain or its France but its also great tool to travel within Germany as well. So that was really it was the next largest obvious market for us in Europe given where aided awareness and our penetration is related to others.
Ronald V. Josey – JMP Securities LLC:  Thank you.
Operator: Thank you our next comes from Michael Millman of Millman Associates. Your line is now open.
Michael S. Millman – Millman Research Associates:  Thank you. First, wanted to follow-up on an earlier question regarding the mobile, and particularly same-day mobile. I was wondering if there's a back end of cancellations that maybe going to others? I guess I feel that it's unusual all of these people continue to travel without reservations. And secondly, on U.S. car rental, also, to what extent are you seeing growth, if you're seeing growth in mobile, and to what extent are – you mentioned that opaque is less available. To what extent therefore are you seeing more increased pricing, and to what extent are you seeing higher mileage cars, and how is that affecting the interest in people renting? Thank you.
Darren Huston:  Thanks Michael I am going to take the first one with Dan and I take the second one.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Yes, it's an interesting question, you ask about last minute booking on mobile. Knowing what I know there are some cities in Europe that it's dangerous to show up and not have a booking, and if you arrive at the airport because it can literally be close to all sold out in certain seasons, but it is a very spontaneous thing and the other thing about accommodations is unlike in a lot of other aspects of travel you can get a last minute booking for, potentially less than you would get a booking you made 7, 14, 21 day in advance. And it’s a little bit of risky proposition but at the end of the day the hotel room needs to fill in room and also the reason people are using apps for this is, if you walk into a hotel room and say I need a room, they aren't necessarily going to give you the price that's published on the internet, because you're standing in a hotel room and you need a room. And a lot of people use apps and OTAs in particular to try to get a really good price at the last minute, but it is a little bit of a gamble and you got to be smart about how you do it but you can truly get a lot of great deals last minute and in this particular aspect of travel.
Darren Huston: Hi Michael, as far as the questions on U.S. car rental, so car rental tracks similarly to the rest of our services in that mobile is growing much faster as more people are adopting – doing booking on mobile devices and research on mobile devices, so we're growing very fast and we’re pleased with the offerings that we have particularly at Priceline. com for U.S. car rental. We did say opaque is less available so you are seeing that paired with increased pricing and just a very healthy travel environment. It also drives up pricing particularly on our opaque services, because we were unable to get the same level of discounts that we've got in the past and so we're unable to give the level of discount that we typically could and that drives up the pricing there. I don't have any information for you really in terms of higher mileage cars being used to a greater extent. Sorry, I can’t help you with that one.
Michael S. Millman – Millman Research Associates:  Okay. Thank you.
Darren Huston: You’re welcome.
Operator:  Thank you. And our final question comes from Kevin Kopelman of Cowen and Company. Your line is now open.
Kevin Kopelman – Cowen and Company:  Hi, thanks. Can you give us more color on your alternative accommodations initiative, especially how the Villas.com launch performed versus your expectations? Thanks.
Darren Huston:  Thanks, Kevin. Yes, we gave a little bit in my comments, I had mentioned to you that in this what we call vacation rental space; we're already a very large player. As we went a couple years ago from being completely about hotels to non-hotels, it was a very natural migration for us to go into non-hotel categories like resorts and motels et cetera, to get into what we would call more self-catered products, like apart-hotels, vacation rentals, apartments, et cetera. So this has been a long-term journey. There's a lot to do, because there are a lot of challenges around, vacation rental bookings who's going to show up with the keys, whose changing the sheets, a lot of vacation rentals need deposits so there are some things in the market have been built up in a way where the renter expects to dance back and fourth with the guest on e-mail or by phone until they finally come to some kind of settlement. And our business is purely about booking and getting an instant confirmation and requiring vacation rental owners to keep a live calendar that's real and pricing that's real, and everything you would expect in a modern e-commerce business. So, there is many challenges we're now doing a real significant amount of business in this space and Villa's.com specifically is just one of many tactics we're taking to try to really prove out and test various options for being successful in the vacation rental space. And, so far we're really pleased with the results of that effort, but again it's part of a much broader set of actions that we're taking. Having vacation rentals on our site has proven to be a great synergy for people who are just looking for a place to stay. We even find that people with families may think they are going to Barcelona and they’re going to stay in two or three hotel rooms and they end up in a home by the beach, at potentially a cheaper price if they are a large group. So for many people, it's even an upgrade. When you're on leisure travel it’s just been really, really hard in the past to book and to feel secure about your booking and that's something that we're, as a company trying to change.
Kevin Kopelman – Cowen and Company:  Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time I would like to turn the call back to management for any closing comments.
Darren Huston:  Now, we want to thank everyone for joining this call and we look forward to delivering a very strong Q3.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This does conclude today’s program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-08 07:30:00) =====
Executives: Darren Huston – President and CEO Daniel Finnegan – CFO and CAO
Analysts: Heath Terry – Goldman Sachs Justin Post – BofA Merrill Lynch Douglas Anmuth – JPMorgan Ross Sandler – Deutsche Bank Mark Mahaney – RBC Capital Markets Michael Millman – Millman Research Dean Prissman – Credit Suisse Ken Sena – Evercore Partners Tom White – Macquarie Mike Olson – Piper Jaffray Brian Fitzgerald – Jefferies Kevin Kopelman – Cowen and Company 
Operator: Welcome to the Priceline Group's First Quarter 2014 Conference Call. Priceline would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Priceline's actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of Priceline's earnings press release, as well as Priceline's most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Priceline undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Priceline's earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the Investor Relations section of Priceline's website located at www.priceline.com. And now, I'd like to introduce the Priceline Group's speakers for this afternoon, Darren Huston and Daniel Finnegan. Please go ahead, gentlemen.
Darren Huston: Okay, thank you very much. Welcome to the Priceline Group’s first quarter conference call. Thank you for joining us before the market opens this morning in New York. I am here in Amsterdam with Priceline Group CFO Dan Finnegan. The Group reported consolidated gross bookings for the first quarter of approximately $12.3 billion, up 34% year-over-year, or about 35% on a local currency basis. Non-GAAP net income was $416 million, up 40% year over year, and earnings per share was $7.81, up 36% versus prior year surpassing Factset consensus estimate of $6.93 per share and our guidance for the quarter. Our customers booked accommodation reservations for 83.4 million room nights in the quarter, up 32% year over year. Booking.com continues to extend its lead as the world’s largest brand for booking accommodations and continues to increase its year-over-year share of rooms booked in every region it operates in. Booking.com’s platform now has over 455,000 hotels and other accommodations in 200 countries, up 54% over last year. This reflects not only our continued aggressive push into directly bookable non-hotel accommodations but still the attractive worldwide opportunity to acquire traditional hotel properties. Agoda.com delivered strong transactional growth in the quarter and we are confident that both Agoda.com and Booking.com are gaining share across the Asia Pacific region. High growth rates in these new markets continue to contribute the higher overall group growth as they become an increasing share of our worldwide business. Priceline.com posted solid 20% growth in gross bookings with strong results in both in air and rental cars. Priceline.com hotel results when combined with Booking.com success in North America reflects hotel market share gain. The Priceline.com team also made good progress reworking much of the plumbing that will allow to improve all aspects of the sites with real time experimentation and to test taking a strong brand and hotel offering aboard with multi-currency capabilities. Rentalcars.com year is off to a good start with its transition from a completely semiopaque offering to a mixed retail offering behind it. Rentalcars.com customers will now see reviews and have more transparency on the quality of the services they are booking. Results were strong as the team continues to build share in international markets and successfully execute its mobile strategy. KAYAK delivered impressive profitability in the quarter and early indications from its targeted expansion in Europe are encouraging. I am really pleased with these teams onboarding for the group and a methodical work they do every day to build a wonderful customer experience and sustainable business model for the future. Mobile continues to be a key focus for all the group companies as we continue to see mobile bookings growth or exceed our desktop growth for all of our brands. Mobile transactions are of course important but the emerging mobile and multi-screen lifestyle is also transforming our customer experience with our companies offering us opportunities to engage with them throughout their travel. This is of course driving more bookings and new booking patterns, but more importantly people engagement with our company’s brands. The group performed well in the first quarter on both the top and bottom line. Operating leverage stemmed from the beneficial impact of the Kayak acquisition. Our outlook calls for pressure on operating margins in Q2 as we will anniversary that acquisition later this month. We will continue Booking.com successful foray into offline advertising in certain international markets and invest aggressively in online variable channels to profitably build our book of business for the third quarter. We remain committed to making the smart investments in people, infrastructure, marketing, supply and innovation to allow us to pursue profitable long term growth from a position of strengths and extend our lead as the world’s leading online travel business. I want to thank our employees around the world for their hard work and dedication and delivering a strong start to the year for their brands and for the group. I will now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review.
Daniel Finnegan: Thanks, Darren. I will discuss some of the highlights and operating results and cash flows for the quarter and then provide guidance for the second quarter of 2014. Growth rates mentioned in my remarks are in relation to the prior-year comparable period, unless otherwise indicated. Q1 was a strong quarter from a top and bottom line perspective. Room nights booked grew by 32% in the first quarter, decelerating compared with the unit growth rate of 37% achieved in Q4. Growth rates were solid across all our key regions and we believe that we again grew our market share in Q1. Average daily rates or ADRs for Q1 2014 were up on a local currency basis by about 3% for the consolidated group. Rental car days booked were up by 25% for Q1, decelerating compared to 32% growth in Q4. The growth is a blend of strong performance for retail reservations for rentalcars.com and Priceline.com partly offset by a decrease in Name Your Own Price rental car days for Priceline.com. For the first quarter compared to the prior year, the FX rate for the euro to the US dollar was favourable by about 4%. However the dollar strengthened significantly against many other currencies including those of Australia, Brazil, Turkey, Thailand, Argentina and Indonesia. As a result, currency exchange rate had an overall slightly negative impact on our growth rates expressed in US dollars. Our Q1 gross bookings grew by 34% compared to prior year. Our Q1 international gross bookings grew by 37% in US dollars and by about 38% on a local currency basis. Gross bookings for our Priceline.com brand business in the US grew by 20%. Performance was strong across retail air, rental car and hotel verticals, including the benefit from increased advertising placements within KAYAK. Hotel Express Deals also performed well but our Name Your Own Price hotel, air and car services were all down year over year due to limited availability of discounted grades and share shifts to express deals. I will remind you that name your own price impacts merchant gross bookings and disproportionately impacts merchant revenues since we record name your own price revenues on a gross basis while our other revenues are recorded on a net basis. Gross profit for the quarter was $1.4 billion and grew 37% as compared to prior year. The inclusion of KAYAK in our results contributed about 7 percentage points of inorganic gross profit growth for the quarter. KAYAK revenue amounted to $69 million in Q1 net of intercompany activity. Our international operations generated gross profit of $1.21 billion, which constituted an increase of 35% as compared to the prior year and 37% on a local currency basis. Gross profit for our US business including KAYAK amounted to $201 million which represented 50% growth versus prior year, excluding the impact of travel transaction tax charges recorded in Q1 2013 that we discussed last year. Non-GAAP operating income amounted to 35.6% of gross profit for Q1 which is 50 bps better than last year. Operating margins were impacted by 111 bps of deleverage in off-line advertising mainly related to our booking.com TV campaigns and the inclusion of KAYAK offline advertisers. Other OpEx also reflects some deleverage as we continue to invest in people, offices and IT related expenses to support our business growth. Online advertising expense as a percentage of gross profit was 200 bps better than prior year. The year-over-year improvement in this metric is due to the inclusion of KAYAK because KAYAK spends relatively less on online advertising as a percentage of gross profit and spending by our other brands for ad placements on KAYAK is eliminated from our consolidated results. We expect KAYAK to benefit our consolidated online ad efficiency until we anniversary the acquisition on May 21. Operating margins came in 340 bps better than assumed in our guidance forecast due to gross profit over-performance, better than assumed ad efficiency and lower than forecasted other operating expenses. The favorable ad efficiency results from better than forecasted online ad ROIs, favorable mix of direct business and shift in some off-line advertising spend to Q2 and beyond. Adjusted EBITDA for Q1 amounted $513 million which exceeded the top end of our guidance range of $450 million and represents 39% growth versus prior year. KAYAK had a nicely profitable quarter and contributed to our bottom line. Since KAYAK earns much of its revenues click through generated rather than travel consumed, Q1 is a relatively more profitable quarter from a seasonal perspective for KAYAK than it is for our overall business. Kayak contribution to our gross profit and EBITDA growth rate will be less impactful after we lap the acquisition in May. Non-GAAP net income grew by 40%, and non-GAAP EPS grew by 36% reflecting the impact of a higher fully diluted share count. In terms of cash flow, we generated approximately $177 million of cash from operations during first quarter 2014 which is about 3% lower than last year. We prepaid income taxes of $346 million in the quarter for booking.com in return for an early payment cash discount. We made a similar prepayment last year in the amount of $224 million. These taxes would otherwise have been paid monthly over the year and so subsequent quarters of the year will have a lower payment burden as a result. We spent about $30 million on CapEx and we repaid about $58 million over 2015 convertible notes upon early conversion by their holders. We also returned $97 million to shareholders through purchases of our common stock. Our cash and investments totaling about $6.7 billion at quarter end are available for general corporate purposes, including additional share repurchases, acquisition and debt repayment. Now for second quarter 2014 guidance. We’re forecasting total gross bookings to grow by 22% to 32% in US dollars and by 20% to 30% on a local currency basis. With US gross bookings growing by 15% to 20% we expect international gross bookings to grow by 24% to 34% in US dollars and by 21% to 31% on a local currency basis. Our Q2 forecast assumes that local currency ADRs for the consolidated group will be up by about 1% compared to the prior year period. Our Q2 forecast assumes that foreign exchange rates remain at the same $1.39 per euro and $1.70 per British pound at yesterday’s closing rates. Improved result in average exchange rate that will be stronger by about 6% for the euro and about 10% for the British pound as compared to the prior year. We expect the overall impact of currency fluctuations to be favorable to our growth rates expressed in US dollars. We have hedge contract in place to substantially shield our second quarter EBITDA and net earnings from any fluctuation to the euro or the pound versus the dollar between now and the end of the quarter but these hedges do not offset the impact of translation on our gross bookings, revenue, gross profit and operating income and do not hedge our earnings beyond the second quarter. We expect Q2 revenue to grow year over year by approximately 19% to 29% and gross profit dollars to grow by 24% to 34%. We expect the declines in our Name Your Own Price services will impact revenue growth rates in Q2. We expect about 300 bps of deleverage in non-GAAP operating income as a percentage of gross profit compared to prior year, driven by lower online ad ROIs and increased investment in offline advertising expense. Our approach to online and off-line advertising is consistent with past practice. With the disciplined approach to invest in advertising to build our brands, while delivering demand at an acceptable ROI. Our ROI targets are fluid based upon competitive and marketplace conditions and are set to achieve the right balance between topline growth and bottom-line profitability. We are investing more heavily in online advertising thus far in Q2 and assume the strategy will be maintained for the remainder of the quarter. Q2 year-over-year online advertising efficiency benefits from the inclusion of KAYAK in our consolidated result but to a lesser extent than Q1, because we lap the acquisition on May 21. Q2 also reflects some off-line spend that is shifted from Q1 into Q2 as I mentioned a moment ago. For full year 2014 we continue to estimate that we would spend between $220 million and $240 million for offline advertising. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $725 million and $775 million which at the midpoint represents 21% growth versus prior year. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax rate of approximately 15% comprised of international income taxes and for alternative minimum tax and state income taxes in the US. We are targeting on-GAAP EPS of approximately $11.22 to $12.02 per share which at the midpoint represents 20% growth over prior year. Our non-GAAP EPS guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of 53.3 million shares based upon yesterday’s closing price $1131.74. We forecast GAAP EPS between $9.67 and $10.47 per share for Q2. The difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP results is driven by non-GAAP adjustments that are detailed in our earnings release. We’re pleased that the hard-work and talent of our brand teams delivered great results in Q1 and a strong forecast for Q2. Our guidance reflects our actual results to date and our expectation that such a large business comparing against high transaction growth rates. We experienced a pattern of sequential deceleration. Our forecast does not assume any material change in macroeconomic conditions in general and conditions in the consumer travel market in particular. We will now take your questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Heath Terry of Goldman Sachs.
Heath Terry – Goldman Sachs: Great. Thanks. Darren, when you look out sort of across the landscape of travel, what are you seeing in terms of the willingness of hotels to begin to work with additional platforms, particularly some of the smaller hotels that have long been almost sort of de facto exclusive to Priceline including your own other platforms like KAYAK? And then maybe even more broadly, just the level of sophistication that you're seeing in hotels, and particularly with the larger chains, the franchisees of those hotels in engaging more directly with online?
Darren Huston: I would say generally speaking of course everyone advancing in a way that they think about the role of technology and how they run our operations, a few years ago we would be going out and you’d have to be teaching people how to use the PC. That obviously isn’t the case anymore. I mean I was just in Bucharest in Romania this week and they’ve got fiber optics in Romania, I mean you would have thought and obviously you will need to adjust the model. But the internet is also changing very fast and it’s not only a world of just PCs, it’s now world of tablets and phones and there’s so many options open to hotels that the degree to which we’re catching up technologically there is becoming more confused, and all the different ways that they could be spending their money. And they of course are always looking for the best and lowest cost option to generate demand and I strongly believe we still offer that, I mean given the fact that everything is changed, you can advertise on Google or TripAdvisor, you have to pay money for that just to play. And a lot of them rely on us to be that provider of demand not just from local demand but demand from all parts of the world, and for any single hotel or even for some of the change it’s difficult for them to get the scale they need to be able to attract customers from the corners of the world, even as much of the technology is advanced. So generally speaking it’s a very dynamic environment, many hotels have channel managers which allow them to plug in the bookings as well as Agoda, they can try things on KAYAK, they can work with other vendors, they can put them on these demand systems, but net, net, most of the hotels I see have a hard time finding the kind of ROI, by doing it on their own, and they would much rather prefer to focus on just running a great hotel. I mean the real secret to success for hotels in this new world is just run a product, have a very differentiated thing and we can help bring the entire world to find them and I think many of them are recognizing that’s the case.
Heath Terry – Goldman Sachs: You mentioned ROI. Obviously you picked up some headlines earlier this month with some comments that you made about the limitations that you found in the social media platforms, the ROI there. Is that just maybe to go beyond the headline, is that something that you feel is sort of an innate limitation of those platforms or is that something that Priceline sees as an opportunity to exploit down the road as either those platforms or customers get more sophisticated around using them for travel purposes?
Darren Huston: So to be clear, we do spend money on Facebook and Twitter and any other platform and we really care deeply understand our offerings and may also work closely with us to try to make this work. That has built a small fraction of our spend and I think that is important to differentiate between kind of primarily brand advertisers, the Coca-Colas and GMs of the world, advertisers like us which are directly response advertisers and for direct response advertisers, these are these large service of audience in the world that just haven't been figured out how to translate that audience into a transaction where Google of course is extremely good at this as our many of them others and my comments there are more wanting to move bigger and faster and I'm sure, and to be honest I think Facebook for instance is making a lot of progress but we would love to have some of these big audience pools to be able to find business at an ROI like we find in other channels, and that's really my comment. And if anything I would call a general encouragement to continue to – they will be able to figure this out. I think man of these large audience platforms, company like Priceline are the key I think for them breaking the back of the issue, how do they deal a powerful advertising business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Post of Bank of America.
Justin Post – BofA Merrill Lynch: Can you comment a little bit about the positive ROI you're seeing in 1Q and then why you guided a little bit for deleverage in 2Q? I think that also is related to shifting out spend to 2Q. Maybe talk a little bit why you did that. And are you spending more now because you anticipate healthy activity in 3Q?
Darren Huston: Hey Justin, so to be clear we didn't have positive ROIs in Q1, we still had ROI pressure – we had positive ROI but we didn’t have year-over-year. Year-over-year slightly negative not to the extent that have seen thus far in Q2 and we’re forecasting. We had a significant beneficial impact from the inclusion of KAYAK in Q1 and that was built into our forecast, we knew that, that was going to be there. KAYAK also had a better quarter than with the forecast, so that contributed, we get less of a benefit as we move into Q2 from the inclusion of KAYAK because we lap the acquisition and we made a conscious decision that we’re going to invest to an aggressive degree in variable channels and that’s in our actual results to date and in our forecast for the rest of the quarter for online advertising. For offline advertising if you look at the markets you’re investing in booking.com and KAYAK and Priceline for that matter in the US, UK for booking.com, and Canada there was pretty bad weather in those markets, polar vortex in Canada and US and a lot of snow, flight disruption and we had flooding in the UK. And so we decided to step up guest and not spend as much for offline advertising there and instead deferred it to Q2 where there is still huge amount of travel booking going on for spring breaks and for summer vacation. So that’s why we pushed back on that.
Daniel Finnegan: I would also note that Q2 is really a key period in the online travel space, and certainly in the northern hemisphere. And we’re going to make sure that we – in the channels that we really understand, the variable channels that we’re getting at least if not more than our fair share of your channels, other may be using a lot of couponing and discounting, that’s not traditionally been a way that we build business, we’re going to make sure that the channels are warmed up and the snow leaves and prices get less, we want to be in the market executing because that’s when you really build demand for the summer and we want to make sure that our forecast reflects that.
Justin Post – BofA Merrill Lynch: And maybe one follow-up. As we think about 3Q, the KAYAK acquisition will be lapped, what would you give advice as we start to model 3Q without KAYAK in there?
Darren Huston: We don’t give any guidance beyond Q2 as our normal practice, it will definitely get less benefit in the online ad efficiency from the KAYAK acquisition as we lap it. So I would just assume that there is no built in efficiency from that and then you’ve got to come up with your own estimation as to what you think will happen with just the online ROIs and in the marketplace in general. That’s such a big number in our P&L that it can be very volatile and can have its positive or negative impact on operating leverage.
Operator: Our next question comes from Douglas Anmuth of JPMorgan.
Douglas Anmuth – JPMorgan: I just want to just stick with the KAYAK theme here. Just coming up on the anniversary in a couple weeks, can you just talk how you're thinking about the benefits so far of KAYAK versus the standalone business, and then also how it's driving broader group, how that's grown over last year relative to what you're thinking when you acquired it.
Darren Huston: I would say generally speaking, we’ve seen the meta [ph] is becoming a more important channel for all of the OTA brands in the group and I think bidding and owning meta has taught us a lot about what that means, what does it mean to the other side for somebody selling advertising for those volume advertising and we certainly do a lot of impressive group to share best practice I would say in particular in the area of mobile, KAYAK has been a tremendous addition into the conversation of the group as we try to build our way through how we can drive success in the mobile space. They also have had a pretty nice impacts on Priceline’s air business, it’s been another area I would flag as a positive. Now the way we run the group is the brands run very independently. We do share across the group, we have sessions around social and mobile and other topics but really it’s up to Steve and his team to drive the results and knowing Steve and his folks, I think they get energized being around other -- group of other really high performing companies and thinking about how they’re going to take their product and lead to their business being the world’s leading meta. And now I'm excited to take settlement with the group, driving some really good results and now the next page for them is to go from being what I would call primarily the US business to becoming very global and they become a number of experiments to that degree that we’re feeling really good about and quite promising.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Sandler of Deutsche Bank.
Ross Sandler – Deutsche Bank: Just had two questions. Back to the ROI discussion. So if you strip out the impact from KAYAK we're probably seven quarters into the period where you started to call out ROI pressure. So is the year-on-year decline in ROI ex-KAYAK a function of the geographic mix shift which is natural in the business, or if we look at it on a same geo basis, is the ROI declining there as well? And do you envision a time where booking will have a base of organic traffic that could potentially offset these ROI pressures or not? And then the second question is one that you've gotten in the past, but TripAdvisor announced this week that they're going to launch assisted book for all channels, smartphone, mobile, and tablet -- sorry, smartphone, desktop, and tablet. How do you view these assisted channels? If we were to see Google implement assisted book do you have any sense of how that could impact your unit economics in hotel?
Daniel Finnegan: Hey Ross, first of all on ROI, you are right, we’ve got pressure now for seven quarters to varying degrees. We saw the back half of 2013 less pressure as we were comping against the periods where the pressure first started until the comps got a little bit easier. I would argue that as you go into the back half this year, maybe therefore the comps are little bit tougher but it’s – we’re not going to give a forecast and it’s very difficult to predict even if we wanted to give long exactly how the market is going to lay out that far into the future. In terms of geographic shift, won’t give you any details of our marketing ROIs by market but this is too significant of an impact in the consolidated results to – not being more across the board.
Darren Huston: I would probably start off by just saying that TripAdvisor is really partner of ours and we have a very healthy relationship and I would say it’s got even stronger over time and it feels quite data driven and quite symbiotic and we are finding ways together to drive a lot more business in their sort of core products. And when it comes generally to the introduction of new products, the way we think about it is we are always changing on both the ROI as well as the strategic value and I talked about strategic value, it’s just a good experience of a customer. It’s creative of a customer who they book with, as it helped us build customers for the future, or it’s just about a single transaction. And if the strategic value of a particular product is high, for instance Google PPC over the years but then we lean in, then we invest, then we spend more on it, we focus our people on innovating the campaign, we actually even co-create products in those scenarios. If the strategic value is low, obviously we don’t spend heavily, we lean back, we go for really high ROIs, we don’t invest, we might even just partially put product in, or even not participate at all. That’s always the trade off we’re going and I think in the case of [indiscernible], we understand the product really well, [indiscernible] lot of change to try to address some of our strategic concerns but at least on the launch, we decided not to participate, at this time that’s not that we won’t in the future and that is very constructive and I think in the case of TripAdvisor or Google, who introduced the new product, we’re very involved in the discussion and then ultimately they’re going to make their decision, and we will make our decision and that’s how all these things work. So I do feel very comfortable that we are building a bigger and stronger directed to over time and [indiscernible] any partner that we are not afraid to make really difficult decisions because we do every day. And over time it’s smarter to build up a better business.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney of RBC.
Mark Mahaney – RBC Capital Markets: I wanted to ask a broad question about alternative accommodations, you given the disclosure that’s become a larger part of your pace, could you talk about the impact of that to the business in terms of -- maybe just in terms of consumers, do you find that this is bringing a broad range of consumers, are you able to increase match rates, what this does to your overall economics, does it help geographic expansion, just does this give you greater depth in each existing market? What’s the impact of the buildout of alternative accommodations on your business?
Darren Huston: Thanks, Mark. I think generally speaking it’s been very positive, because if you think about it when people come to a city, they’re just looking for a place to stay but the scenario under which you arrive [indiscernible] might be with your family and kids, and other ones might be a business trip, maybe you are backpacking or you’re on a Gulf trip with friends, and in a way hotels can satisfy many of those needs but there is other types of accommodations that might never satisfy. For instance, I was talking to some folks about hostel booking and they were telling us, you guys know you’re the number one way that people book a hostel, I mean it’s hard to imagine three years ago that we were like huge in the hospital world – then with the younger consumer, it’s a low ticker, what brings us apparently just on a very low budget. When you look at Paris, it allows you to find a place you can book for €30 but we also have the George at the bank and you could save for €1000 if you want, so it’s trend for the assortment that really allows us to treat different consumer scenarios and with products that match the needs of the consumer. Specifically vacation rentals, which is kind of the latest in the long tail, or self catered product, it’s becoming a really good deal because vacation rentals are very difficult to book, you go through an email phone with the user, people don’t feel secure about it, also many familiars, the vacation rentals is an upgrade, if they are on vacation, they are also saying on a visa or in Tashkent, so our role of going down the path of accommodation, getting them wired up, making them directly bookable, making them instantly convertible, it’s good work to do and by increasing that assortment, it’s further strengths in booking.com and our other brands as products that consumers want to go to first to really find the accommodation that matches them. But I would say it’s been – it’s really hard work by the way because you should go down the long tail, you’re getting really small places, you’re getting the cities without name, you’re getting to families and holidays but it’s great work in the sense of really reinventing the product that we bring to consumers and it’s really going extremely well. And one other thing I would say is more people are looking for products like apartments or self-catered product around the world and even hotels are adjusting, you find many hotels in Europe that in the front they are hotels but in the back they’ve got an apartment block, if they are using for families etc. So also seeing that the product within a single hotel can have many variants depending on the user needs that they are trying to address.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Millman of Millman Research.
Michael Millman – Millman Research: Could you talk about what impact you're seeing from Trivago on KAYAK in the US? And also on the rental cars, can you talk about what you're seeing in pricing in Europe and the US and what you're seeing in fleet availability in Europe and the US?
Darren Huston: I will let Dan take the second one, rental cars. With regard to Trivago and KAYAK, both of them are – this is not from the FTA site, both are great sources of demand, Trivago in the United States has grown significantly but off to a very low base and we’re participating in that with Trivago, and we use the thing with KAYAK, we try to treat our first demand very independently regardless the act Expedia is the majority owner of Trivago and we won KAYAK, we try to keep Chinese wall between those, that I know Expedia has the same and we’re getting a lot of growth out of both of those sources of bookings today.
Daniel Finnegan: And in terms of rental cars business, Michael, pricing is up low single-digits in the US and down low single digit for our European business. Availability for summer is always a challenge as the team in rentalcars.com does a great job of working closely with the suppliers to make sure we get our fair share of the availability, that’s an ongoing path to make sure we are in the right position. In the US as well as it relates to our Name Your Own Price business, it’s been more challenged each of the big players, the big 3 have partnered with their smaller price alternatives where they can move some excess inventory on weekends and what have you, in the past more typically got to our Name Your Own Price channel, so this is really nothing there, it’s always the challenge for the Priceline team to get at that excess inventory, we will have quarters where we get better results because we’re more successful in quarters like Q1 and what we are projecting for Q2 where it looks like it’s going to be more challenging, the market is healthy and there is not just that many excess cars to move through Name Your Own Price.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dean Prissman of Credit Suisse.
Dean Prissman – Credit Suisse: So as you look at the continued growth of your business, room night growth of 32%, I'm guessing it's combination of both new users and greater wallet share with existing customers. Can you qualitatively discuss the relative importance of each lever? And then I have a follow-up.
Darren Huston: Yeah I would say we have a healthy balance of both new usage as well as repeat. We’re always looking to get both levers in a way I don't feel that healthy to have too much of your business direct because we’ve got to keep casting the net and the fishing net to bring more customer base, clean good franchise. So we have a healthy balance of both, more of our business as Dan mentioned is coming direct which I think is healthy and that includes new customers. But I don’t really want to talk too much about wallet share and other topics which should be confidential.
Dean Prissman – Credit Suisse: And then given the size of the outbound China travel market and even greater potential, beyond the Ctrip relationship, can you update us on your strategy with Booking.com, particularly as one considers the tour group oriented nature of international travel originating from the country?
Darren Huston: We feel very positive about our outbound business from China, it’s one of our fastest growing businesses in the world. We did find just for color that The Malaysian air tragedy where everyone had a bit of a short term impact but we are seeing Chinese in drove right now traveling to North Asia, Southeast Asia, even Europe, US and I think part of this is all nationalities are becoming more comfortable with mid travel or traveling in a do-it-yourself way into the packaged travel, that’s a general trend. We certainly see that with Chinese as well and you can come to Amsterdam I would figure [indiscernible] Shanghai, all the people who have come back, channel bags, and they were definitely traveling on their own, wasn’t group travel and I think you’re going to continue to see that trend, the Internet in some ways makes it more comfortable for even cautious travelers to go out whether couple or as a family versus having to travel as groups. By the way I had spent three years as they have a Microsoft in Japan, even back then Japanese only travelled in groups. So you definitely see a massive change in that Japanese are traveling in alone or with very groups of friends, doing their do-it-yourself travel versus the kind of packages. By the way it doesn’t mean packages are going away any time soon and it’s just that the general trend is for more and more independent travel including among North Asian folks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Sena of Evercore Partners.
Ken Sena – Evercore Partners: Does growth in Facebook and some of the newer channels pose any sort of change to how you think about rate parity over the next few years given that it's a log-in experience? Maybe as you look out over the next few years, how should we think about rate parity and what effect that could have on the competitive landscape?
Darren Huston: I think it’s a good chance to touch on this topic and I would say first, you need to start with the consumer and if anything things are getting more confusing for consumers if you go on to most meta channel despite all the great work that’s been done, most rates are not real deal, there is tax issue, exchange rate issue, lot of wholesale inventory being landed as retail inventory, sometimes you will click on a rate and it goes to a blank website and you try to – use something else. So the whole area of rate in hotels and accommodations I would say unfortunately it’s like backsliding, there’s just a lot of noise in the market and that’s a very important thing that needs to get addressed, by a combination of both gate, and metas, the world just needs more transparency to really rate. I guess the second point I would make is that new customers get charged more, I mean it's a basic principle of the company, we will not let them charge more, it’s why we have the best price guarantee, it is why we push for transparency in pricing and clarity and we will go to the ends of the earth to make sure they don’t. So to some degree we need more data on it, we need to more better understand that property is like building a product less on some surgical social channel but we understand the opportunity whether it’s also Google etc. and all of the new ways to market as well as anyone does and we’re monitoring this and creating investment in big data etc to really understand in depth to basically deliver on that basic principle, we will never let our customers get charged more. And that also by the way includes collecting deals that are better than anywhere they will find on the internet and I mean we have thousands and thousands of rates on our sites that if you log in or you are loyal user, those hotels are providing to you to get your business, so we’re in our own a massive marketing channel for hotels to pick a customer that might have shown up somebody else to come to their hotels. And I think that is going to continue going forward. But I actually relish the opportunity to continue to address this and I think we are in a pretty unique position to help bring some sanity to the world of pricing, both because of KAYAK, also because of our position in the marketplace as the world’s leading player in the space.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom White of Macquarie.
Tom White – Macquarie: Thanks for taking my question. I guess I just wanted to reconcile some of your comments around meta search becoming a more important channel for the OTAs. But I'm also hearing some comments about sort of better direct navigation business in the quarter. If we look at sort of your markets on a geographic, unique basis, is the percentage of traffic you're getting from meta search increasing or decreasing? And then also just on mobile, maybe provide a bit more color around some of the non-transaction engagement you referenced in your prepared remarks.
Darren Huston: Let me take the first comment. We – meta search is an important channel for us but it's not as big as you might think it is, it’s been growing as a percentage of our source demand, we have many other source of demand versus Google, and many other search engines that we buy demand from globally but we also have a very long tail affiliate of EasyJet, providing there and all the way down the line many, many airlines and railroads etc. So if you look at all sorts of paid demand, direct demand is growing search paid demand, within paid demand, meta continues to grow quite well and take some x proportion but it’s not so dramatic, it’s completely shifting that overall landscape – for Q1 it is a positive factor in terms of our advertising efficiency, it’s the trend we’re seeing for some time now, a nice growth in our direct booking business, nice growth in repeat – we talked about our advertising philosophy, the client focused dollars in areas that we think are strategically valuable, we will build the customers that recognize our brand and it’s loyal to it, from the service we can provide them over the long run.
Tom White – Macquarie: And then just on mobile, talked about non-transaction engagement. I was just wondering if there's any more color there, and if you ever thought that that might be a monetizeable opportunity for you somewhere down the line, maybe advertising revenues or something like that.
Darren Huston: I think on that, the way we think about it is – sometimes it’s hard to connect all the pieces but the users will take one of the screen to ultimately book on, we want to give credit to the experience to all the screens that they ultimately use and multiscreen attribution is not simple, so we think we have a fairly strong bit on it in terms of way – whether you use it for entering the system on what devices they are using, to ultimately complete their journey, and then we think all learning is they are using more and more screens to help on their journey, it’s amazing how many screens people touch on the same booking. I think what that’s helping us do is it’s changing – just the booking and into something that improves the entire trip from easy check in to easy Wi-Fi to even comparing thins like guides to the city and other elements of innovation, in some ways it’s almost like the move to increase the number of screens and move to mobile, has the wallet that we are painting on before it was just the desktop and it was a single experience and people would print out their paper based confirmation and that would be it in terms of their digital connection with us. So now everything is digital, many never print the confirmations, they won’t actually go on the confirmation, when they are standing at the bus, or train station and say, taking to my hotel, that you can now do on booking.com and literally give you walking direction, the driving direction to your hotel, as you find things around your hotel, that it’s interesting I would say all of the growth of screens, it’s still early days, but I think we are getting a lot of smarter about thinking of the consumer as holding many screens and then deciding how we interact with that. I wouldn’t say it’s a big advertising thing necessarily, that’s not our thinking about, it’s much more about how do we become more meaningful in the booking experience rather than just being aggressively do the transaction.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Olson of Piper Jaffray.
Mike Olson – Piper Jaffray: For Booking.com in the US, where would you say we are on the spectrum of growth trajectory? Was there some low-hanging fruit in terms of market share gains in the first few quarters of entering the market with the new brand and the big ad campaign, and now it becomes more challenging to gain incremental share? Or is it the opposite, that now with the brand further permeated in the market, it should be easier to leverage the work you've done in building Booking.com in that market?
Darren Huston: I would say that generally speaking it’s still early days, we recently passed 40,000 properties in the United States and to build a property kind of like it takes many years, we’ve gotten now pretty much all the change on board, now we are building independent hotels and really gotten into long tail accommodations, I was talking about a team in Boston the other day, all of P&Ds and things that they have yet to put on the platform. So we are seeing continued growth, there are some markets that are very retail oriented, places like Miami, where we are really bigger, San Diego and other markets that are more wholesale oriented but Orlando is the world place like that we need to continue to chip away but in the way that we grew the rest of our business, it doesn’t all come in one pop, it’s like a continued methodical breaking down walls, moving forward and I feel really good about what our teams are doing in the United States. We are going to continue to expand the number of offices, the amount of engagement we do, the hotels and we’re still at booking.com highly under-indexed in the United States relative to Europe and the degree to which we can continue this hard work there's a lot of growth still ahead of us in that market.
Mike Olson – Piper Jaffray: And then following an earlier question, could you talk about where you are on number of vacation rental properties now on Booking.com? And will you kind of focus on primarily adding portfolios of properties from managers or also individual property owners?
Darren Huston: I think the count today is right at the bottom – vacation rentals at the bottom, we tend to think it’s a 145,000 approximately vacation rentals, we define those as self catered product that includes holiday homes and 144,702, by the way all of our data on the website is real, we’re constantly updating, that’s why I look, but what we are trying to do is build those properties that you can truly confirm, that you know you’re going to be able to stay there, that have electric calendars that are secure, and we started by working with property managers because it’s easy to understand, because it’s like working with the hotel owners, it’s got thousands of rooms, the room impacts the vacation rentals themselves. And we’re building out other some extra net [ph] other products will ultimately allow us to work with individuals vacation homeowners as well. That’s our goal, there is a lot of work to do to get there but you will continue to see this number go up over time because we’re just going to methodically break down the walls and bringing the product on board. We’re really happy with our production, if you talk to any of players who work with us I think they will highlight to you that booking.com produces extremely well for them and we hope to bring that production to a broader number of accommodations over time. I would say we’re more European planted today because it was a natural place to start we do have vacation rentals in other parts the world but slowly that account outside of our [indiscernible] building as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald of Jefferies.
Brian Fitzgerald – Jefferies: A couple quick ones. Maybe a quick follow-up on mobile. Anything to call out in terms of engagement as differentiated across your brands or geographies? And then on booking, user reviews up 44% by our estimates year over year, 10% in the quarter. How do you think about -- how you drive review growth there and the efficacy of the reviews, make them more valuable to the traveler?
Darren Huston: I will start with the review question and then – so on reviews, the thing I would like the people is our reviews are all some verified guests and we still have rule that once your review is 14 months old, becomes off the site, so it makes the comps a little bit weird at times because of seasonality. So importantly when you look at that number you always take that into account and the second thing is obviously our ability to attract people, their review changes over time. Right now I am feeling very good if anything engagement is increasing despite the fact that often when you check out of a hotel you get a message from us, from the hotel, maybe somebody else and people are engaging a very deeply in our reviews and our review response rates are very high and keeping our reviews a very high quality and we are proud of that and we feel like we have the largest number of verified reviews for accommodations in the world, of course others have many more reviews but they are not necessarily verified, they are much more open ended in terms of anyone being able to do the review. I think your other question was on mobile.
Daniel Finnegan: And so we said in the past, the brands are at different stages of maturity in terms of mobile apps and mobile websites, booking.com, KAYAK and Priceline.com are pretty far advanced, all of our brands are getting significant and growing levels of traffic coming to us through mobile devices and we are doing a nice job in growing our mobile bookings are very high rate as well. So from us mobile engagement -- typical level when a customer comes in and look at the [inaudible]
Operator: Our next question comes from [inaudible]
Darren Huston: …Because everyone is trying to figure out this exact question. I think for the group versus others would be very heavily weighted on mobile web, we think that's where you're going to a pickup brand-new transactional customers, somebody standing in airports, staying in either hotel tonight and they open to a web-based record, downloads our app, to necessarily make that, we think our app customers as more of our loyal bookers, we don’t necessarily try to take them down to do their first booking ever, on a mobile app, we are happy with that. But that’s not – that’s been our general way of generating demand with mobile and we also believe that mobile downloads for sure don't lead to engaged booking does and there is a lot of Charlotte [indiscernible] lots of download but it doesn't necessarily ultimately make it a good ROI investments and we’ve got similar views in the past on things like Facebook likes, it’s nice to have but it’s not ultimately leading to a good result and we definitely shied away from. We also don’t believe strongly and overly interrupting the experience that when you get on mobile app we immediately tell you we will download the app, without letting you get through to the experience, that’s something that differentiates our approach, I think we’re much more about what the consumer experience and quickly getting them into the booking path and learning about what they are going to do next. That’s -- again it's an evolving – there is lots of companies that are trying to implement in the space, we’re building our own tooling, we have a lot of smart people looking at it, I feel very good about our result but it’d be wrong for me to say that we’ve got everything figure that it will work, we’re just trying to get as smart as we can and be ROI focused as much as we can on this space.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Kopelman of Cowen and Company.
Kevin Kopelman – Cowen and Company: Thanks a lot. On KAYAK, you said it delivered impressive profitability. Can you give us any sense of how it compares to overall group margins? And also can you discuss any Easter timing impact for Q1 and to what extent that will offset the Priceline anniversary of KAYAK in Q2.
Darren Huston: So the KAYAK profitability, the KAYAK business is nicely profitable. Some of the competitors talk about the growth rate of their businesses but the profit is more in question. Steve and team have chosen to strike the right balance I think between what they spend to drive topline growth while delivering very healthy margins. So our earnings based upon check out, they are delivering higher relative percentage of their annual profit in Q1, it’s really positive to our margins for Q1. In terms of Easter timing that is a benefit to Q2 and a detriment to Q1 [inaudible] that’s reflected in our forecast, so Q2 looks better – Q2 looks worse as a result of that shift in terms of our profitability and gross profit growth.
Kevin Kopelman – Cowen and Company: And then a follow-up on vacation rentals. We know it's a large percentage of the properties. Can you give us any sense of how big a factor it is on bookings or room nights growth? Is that a meaningful addition to growth yet?
Darren Huston: Yeah, I think as we have disclosed vacation rentals are not – on average not as big as [inaudible] rentals. So [technical difficulty] educate you on this call but this call is a self-catered hotel with lots of apartments. And there is actually quite a few of those and it’s a growing category particularly in Europe and also in other parts of the world. So we feel like the production in the vacation rentals space is very strong, but always if you look at the growth of our property count it always going to over emphasize the amount of rooms supplied because the supply is still many times, you are getting less rooms for property. It’s not that there is no hotels to acquire requiring many, many hotels to just over time the long tail, per property brings on investments.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time I would like to turn the call back to management for any further remarks.
Darren Huston: No, I want to thank everyone again – this is our first conference call in Amsterdam – it’s our first conference call for Europe hopefully, it’s a signal that we are a global company but I apologize everyone having to get up before the market but I do really appreciate the interest and the engagement and we are looking forward to a great Q2.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This does conclude today’s program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-20 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman of the Board Darren Huston - President and CEO Daniel J. Finnegan - CFO and CAO
Analysts: Justin Post -Bank of America Merrill Lynch Dean Prissman - Credit Suisse Naved Kahn - Cantor Fitzgerald Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets Ronald Josey - JMP Securities Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank AG Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co. Thomas White - Macquarie Research Aaron Kessler - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Brian Fitzgerald - Jefferies & Co. Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company Brian Nowak - Susquehanna Financial Group
Operator: Welcome to the Priceline Group's Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2013 Conference Call. Priceline would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Priceline's actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of Priceline's earnings press release, as well as Priceline's most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Priceline undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Priceline's earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the Investor Relations section of Priceline's website located at www.priceline.com. And now, I'd like to introduce the Priceline Group's speakers for this afternoon, Darren Huston and Daniel Finnegan. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Darren Huston: Well, thank you very much. Welcome to the Priceline Group’s fourth quarter conference call. I’m here with Priceline Group CFO, Dan Finnegan. The Group reported consolidated gross bookings for the fourth quarter of approximately $9.1 billion, up 39% year-over-year. Gross bookings growth accelerated sequentially due to a slight acceleration in the room night growth. For the full-year, the Priceline Group reported gross bookings of $39 billion, up 38% and 271 million room night, up 37%. Our top line growth rates were remarkably steady through 2013, reflecting a relatively more stable economic backdrop and continued forward execution and innovation from our teams around the world. Booking.com continues to solidify its position of the world leading brand for booking accommodation. In 2013, we continue to build on our differentiated worldwide supply with now over 425,000 hotels and other accommodations in 195 countries, up 54% over last year. Much of the recent growth is also being driven by continued push into non-hotel accommodation, including our 112,000 vacation rental properties that are directly bookable with instant confirmation. In addition to aggressively growing our number of accommodation partners, the Group invested nearly $2 billion in marketing during the year, including our successful Booking.com offline advertising experiment in the United States. Following that success we intend to continue our offline investment in the Booking.com brand in the U.S in 2014 as well as expand this experiment to other markets. In September, we launched in Australia and then the past few weeks we also launched off-line campaigns in Canada, and our first European experiment in the United Kingdom. Ads with our online advertising investments, we take a measured, disciplined approach, testing and constantly optimizing, always seeking the best returns for our spend. So far we’re pleased with our results, but there are still more to be done and we continue to invest to build our competencies in this area. Booking.com’s growth in Europe held out well this year, but its newer markets continue to grow faster, largely comprising an ever larger percentage of the business. Although these markets are sometimes less possible than Booking.com’s core markets, we believe that these investments, position Booking.com to capitalize on what we believe to be an attractive, long-term opportunity. Over the course of the year, Agoda strengthened its position in the fast-growing Asia-Pacific market making great strides in mobile functionality, accommodation supply and localization efforts. The Group’s Q4 results benefited from the increasing mix of APAC business from both Agoda and Booking.com which seasonally peaks in this quarter. Momentum in our U.S priceline.com brand continued in Q4, the 27% gross bookings growth and 28% airline ticket growth. Room night growth and rental car day growth also accelerated in the quarter. Strong performance from Express Deals, excellent mobile execution, increased advertising on KAYAK and effective offline advertising contributed to these results. When you combine priceline.com strong results with Booking.com’s increasing success American bookers, we feel proud of the solid market share gains we’re making in the worlds most competitive online travel market. Also notable for the first time in 2013, the United States became Booking.com’s largest destination. Rentalcars.com recently transitioned from a semi-opaque offering to more globally appealing retail offering. Early indications are encouraging and we remain excited with rentalcar.com opportunity to expand its business globally and be the world's leading online rental car reservation service. The Group made good progress in the months following the KAYAK acquisition, expand our presence on KAYAK, but we were previously underrepresented. KAYAK and our other brands have being showing best practices, while KAYAK works to build its brand into international markets and maintain its high pace of product innovation. Mobile execution and innovation continued to be key areas of focus in investments for all our businesses. Mobile is a prime example of how the Group’s can successfully share knowledge, tools and lessons learned across our brand. To give you a sense of just how fast mobile is changing our business, we previously announced that Booking.com completed just over $1 billion in gross mobile transactions in 2011 increasing this three-fold to 3 billion in 2012. In 2013 that same number exceeded $8 billion. But mobile is not just about booking; it is also an increasingly important part of our customers' multi-screen lifestyles. We want to support our customers with the best pricing, best assortment and best connective online experience regardless of the screen they use to book with, travel with or stay with. The Group performed well in 2013 exceeding expectations throughout the year. In my new role as Group CEO, I'm excited by the tremendous potential of each of our brands and by the opportunity to work with our talented and dedicated people around the world. Going forward we intend to continue building our brands by making investments in marketing, people, supply and product innovation to drive long-term profitable and sustainable growth. I want to thank our employees around the world for their hard work and dedication and delivering a terrific year for their bands and for the Group. We look forward to a successful 2014 as well. I'll now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Thanks, Darren. I'll discuss some of the highlights and operating results and cash flows for the quarter and then provide guidance for the first quarter of 2014. Growth rates mentioned in my remarks are in relation to the prior-year comparable period, unless otherwise indicated. Q4 was a strong quarter from a top and bottom line perspective. Strong unit growth, paired with better than forecasted operating margins, drove results that exceeded the top end of our guidance range in all key metrics. Room nights booked grew by 37% in the fourth quarter, modestly accelerating compared to the unit growth rate of 36% achieved in Q3. Our key European market posted a solid quarter and our unit growth rate also benefited from our fast-growing Asia Pacific and South American regions which represent a larger percentage of our business for the quarter due to seasonality. Performance was also strong in North America and I believe that we again grew our market share across all our regions in Q4. Average daily rates, or ADRs, for Q4 2013 were up on a local currency basis by about 2% for the consolidated group. Rental car days booked were up by 32% for Q4 compared to prior year, accelerating compared to 28% growth in Q3 driven by strong performance for rentalcars.com and priceline.com. For the fourth quarter compared to the prior year, the FX rate for the euro to the U.S. dollar was favorable by about 5%. However, the dollar strengthened significantly against many Asian and Southern Hemisphere currencies, including those of Australia, Brazil, Japan, Argentina and Indonesia. As a result, currency exchange rates had an overall slightly negative impact on our growth rate expressed in U.S. dollars. Q4 gross bookings grew by 39% compared to prior year. Our Q4 international gross bookings grew by 41% in U.S. dollars and by about 42% on a local currency basis. Our international business continued to deliver remarkably high growth rates, made possible by our teams around the world, diligently adding accommodations, efficiently driving demand to our desktop and mobile sites and then continuously innovating so we successfully convert traffic into customers that book. Our priceline.com brand business in the U.S. grew gross bookings by 27%, accelerating compared to Q3 with strong performance across air, rental car and hotel verticals. Priceline.com also benefited from increased advertising placements within KAYAK. Non-GAAP gross profit for the quarter was $1.3 billion and grew 39% as compared to prior year. GAAP gross profit for the quarter was $1.3 billion and grew 42% as compared to prior year. GAAP gross profit includes a credit in the amount of $6.3 million in Q4 2013 and a charge in the amount of $16.1 million in Q4 2012 related to travel transaction tax litigation. These exclude the impact of the credit in Q4 2013 and the charge in Q4 2012 for non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP operating income, adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP net income. Consistent with past practice, we exclude significant charges and credits for judgments, rulings and settlements related to travel transaction taxes because the amounts and timing of these items are unpredictable, not driven by core operating results and rendered comparisons with prior periods less meaningful. The inclusion of KAYAK in our results contributed about 5 percentage points of inorganic gross profit growth for the quarter. KAYAK revenue amounts to $55 million in Q4 net of intercompany activity. Our international operations generated gross profit of $1.15 billion which constituted an increase of 38% as compared to the prior year on both the U.S. dollar and local currency basis. Non-GAAP gross profit for our U.S. business, including KAYAK but excluding the impact of the aforementioned travel transaction tax items, amounted to $172 million which represented 44% growth versus the prior year. Non-GAAP operating income amounted to 42.7% of gross profit for Q4 and is 106 bps lower than last year. Operating margins were impacted by 146 bps of deleverage and offline advertising mainly related to our Booking.com TV campaigns in the U.S. and Australia and the inclusion of KAYAK offline advertising. Q4 personnel expense includes a $12 million charge related to a payroll tax levy in the Netherlands. While there was a similar payroll tax levy in 2012, it was an accident in Q3 that year and we therefore had an unfavorable comp in Q4. Other OpEx also reflects some deleverage as we continue to invest in people, offices and IT-related expenses to support our business growth. Online advertising expense as a percentage of gross profit is 200 bps lower than prior year. We continue to see pressure on ROIs but to a lesser degree in Q4 than previous quarters. Much of the year-over-year improvement in this metric is due to the inclusion of KAYAK because KAYAK spends relatively less on online advertising as a percentage of gross profit and spending by our other brands for ad placements on KAYAK is eliminated from our consolidated results. We expect KAYAK to benefit our consolidated online ad efficiency until the anniversary of the acquisition in May. Operating margins came in 234 bps better than assumed in our guidance forecast due to gross profit over-performance, better than assumed ad efficiency and lower than forecasted other operating expenses. Adjusted EBITDA for Q4 amounted to $578 million which exceeded the top end of our guidance range of $540 million and represents 36% growth versus prior year. Non-GAAP net income grew by 35% and non-GAAP EPS grew by 31% reflecting the impact of a higher fully diluted share count. In terms of cash flow, we generated approximately $554 million of cash from operations during fourth quarter 2013 which is about 12% higher than last year. During Q4 we spent about $27 million on CapEx and we repaid about $415 million of our 2015 convertible notes. For full year 2013 we generated approximately $2.3 billion of cash from operations which represents a 29% increase versus prior year. During full year 2013 in addition to the $415 million spent to repay debt, we used about $500 million to buy KAYAK and the remaining minority interest in rentalcars.com, and we returned $884 million to shareholders through purchases of our common stock. Our cash and investments totaling about $6.8 billion at year end are available for general corporate purposes including additional share repurchases, acquisitions and debt repayment. Now for first quarter 2014 guidance. We are forecasting total gross bookings to grow by 23% to 33% on both the U.S. dollar and local currency basis with U.S. gross bookings growing by 15% to 20%. We expect international gross bookings expressed in U.S. dollars to grow by 25% to 35% and to grow by 25% to 35% on a local currency basis as well. Our Q1 forecast assumes that local currency ADRs for the consolidated Group will be up by about 2% compared to the prior year period. Our Q1 forecast assumes that foreign exchange rates remain at the same $1.37 per euro and $1.67 per British pound as yesterday's closing rates, which would result in average exchange rates that would be stronger by about 4% for the euro and about 7% for the British pound as compared to the prior year. We expect the overall impact of currency fluctuations to be about neutral to growth after factoring in fairly significant devaluation and various other currencies versus the U.S. dollar as compared to the prior year. We have hedged contracts in place to substantially shield our first quarter EBITDA and net earnings from any fluctuation in the euro or pound versus the dollar between now and the end of the quarter but these hedges do not offset the impact of translation on our gross bookings, revenue, gross profit and operating income. Do not hedge our earnings beyond the first quarter, and they do not hedge against further deterioration in currencies other than the euro or the pound. We expect Q1 revenue to grow year-over-year by approximately 15% to 25% and gross profit dollars to grow by 22% to 32%. I’ll remind you that gross profit is a better indicator of our top line momentum than revenue since we record Name Your Own Price revenues on a gross basis, while our other revenues are reported on a net basis. For example, the success of our Express Deals service has driven opaque hotel growth in gross bookings and gross profit, but the shift of share away from Name Your Own Price hotel has caused the decline in opaque hotel revenue. We expect about 290 bps of deleverage in non-GAAP operating income as a percentage of gross profit compared to prior year. More than half of the operating deleverage was attributable to growth in offline advertising related to our Booking.com brand and the inclusion of KAYAK off-line advertising. We have been pleased with the results of the offline investment we’ve made in our Booking.com brand thus far in the U.S. and Australia. We recently launched Booking.com offline advertising campaigns in Canada and the U.K. and we will likely continue to invest in additional markets going forward as long as the result continue to be positive. For full-year 2014 we estimate that the group will spend between $220 million and $240 million for offline advertising. Q1 margin pressure is also caused by a later Easter this year which means all gross profit related to Easter checkouts will be recognized in Q2 this year whereas some benefited Q1 last year. Other OpEx also reflects some deleverage as we ramp our headcount, office and IT expenses to be ready for peak travel season. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $420 million and $450 million, which at the midpoint represents 18% growth versus prior year. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax rate of approximately 15%, comprised of international income taxes and alternative minimum tax and state income taxes in the U.S. We are targeting a non-GAAP fully diluted EPS of approximately $6.35 to $6.85 per share, which at the midpoint represents 15% growth over prior year, including the impact of a higher year-over-year share count. Our non-GAAP EPS guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of 53.3 million shares based upon yesterday's closing stock price of $1,273.76 and reflects the impact of shares issued and options assumed as part of the KAYAK acquisition, net of shares repurchased over 2013. We forecast GAAP EPS between $5.02 and $5.52 per share for Q1. The difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP results is driven by non-GAAP adjustments that are detailed in our earnings release. We're pleased by the remarkably strong and steady unit growth the group has delivered over 2013 and that is inherent in our forecast for Q1. Our guidance reflects deceleration in growth experienced to-date in the quarter and our expectation that such a large business comparing against high transaction growth rates will experience a pattern of sequentially decelerating. Our forecast does not assume any material change in macroeconomic conditions in general and conditions in the consumer travel market in particular. We will now take your questions.
Operator: Thank you sir. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Justin Post of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Justin Post -Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, thank you. Hope you can hear me okay. My question is regarding the gross profit guidance for Q1; it looks like a quite of bit of deceleration, maybe you could parse that out. Is it just natural deceleration in the business or are there other factors like Easter that are affecting your outlook? And then when you look out further in the year, are there anything else besides the KAYAK acquisition that you would point out, maybe investors should think about as we work through the year on tougher comps? Thank you.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Hey, Justin. So as far as the gross profit growth the later Easter is definitely a significantly factor, so that will be a shift of gross profit out of Q1 into Q2. Since Q1 is a relatively smaller quarter from a gross profit perspective it has a more significant impact in Q1. We also are forecasting some deceleration as I said in my prepared comments and that would flow through in the gross profit line. For the remainder of the year we gave you some guidance on offline advertising because that’s a difficult one for you guys to model and we have been rolling out for some additional markets. In terms of online advertising we’re not going to give guidance for the expectation for the future other than I did make a comment in my prepared remarks that we will last the KAYAK acquisition is May and that kind of beneficial impact on our online ad efficiency in the year since we’ve owned it.
Justin Post -Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, great. Thank you.
Jeffery H. Boyd: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Dean Prissman of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Dean Prissman - Credit Suisse: My question, so for your vacation rental properties, is there any color you can share in terms of the profile of your suppliers, specifically is the majority of inventory coming from a number of large property managers or is the base of potential suppliers is far more fragmented. And then just KAYAK, is there any perspective you can share in terms of how you’ve either begun to or intend to apply KAYAK’s technologies across your other brands? Thank you.
Darren Huston: Okay, Dean, this is Darren I’ll take both those questions. First of all on vacation rentals, vacation rentals are real natural extension of our Booking.com’s move into non-hotel accommodation. And as you probably know the vacation rental market is a supply heavy demand starved market place. But our place is different from others because we’re working to make the vacation rentals directly bookable and instantly conformable at scale. And we want ultimately for vacation rentals to be easy to book a hotel room on Booking.com. So there’s a lot of issues to work through and in terms of the early suppliers on Booking.com there are a number of large property management companies in that mix, these are companies that have built the infrastructure to do current bookings, they have like the digital calendars of the home owners, they have exclusive access to the homes. But there’s also a lot of smaller properties as well, apartment blocks, products like this that we’ve been able to bring online and we’re pretty optimistic that we can continue to do that. We’re going to hold a pretty high bar on that ability again to be instantly bookable and confirmable going forward. And then as it relates to KAYAK specifically, I think there’s been outstanding learning particularly in the mobile space and KAYAK to the group got a lot of great thinking in that area and I think it's really benefited all the group companies to be in with conversations with KAYAK. I also think that KAYAK’s approach generally speaking to product development or it's quite consistent with the other brands but together we’ve learned a number of things from that nimbleness in how we can experiment real time things like that. By going forward Steve and team are now taking a really disciplined and methodological approach international expansion and that is very consistent with the way the group works as well and I wholly support that kind of process versus of throwing things out there, they’re really thinking through things and I am quite optimistic about the future.
Dean Prissman - Credit Suisse: Great. Thank you.
Darren Huston: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Naved Kahn of Cantor Fitzgerald. Your question please.
Naved Kahn - Cantor Fitzgerald: Couple of questions, so can you talk about if you’re contemplating any kind of impact from the political investment Thailand in your guidance and then, with regards to the pace of hotel additions, the 225,000 that you have currently does it, it seems to be a nice pickup from the number you reported last time. Does it include – is it fair to assume it's largely because you're also signing up vacation rental properties at higher pace that’s causing the expiration?
Darren Huston: Okay, I’ll again take both those questions. The Thai market there’s a number of things that are happening in January, seems always be a sporadic month. The Thai market has been challenging obviously with the unrest, although we are finding that bookers are finding their way around Thailand. We’re seeing strong bookings in places like Malaysia, Indonesia other sort of South East destinations. But we don’t think obviously we’re a global business so these things aren’t as material to our global result. I’d also highlight of course the winter storms that many of you're experiencing in the United States as well as the floods in the U.K. and the winter Olympics, they all have a tendency to dampen pockets of demand depending on where users are with overall. We don’t think those had a material effect on the global business. And as it relates to our property count, yes, we've been adding a lot of vacation rental properties. These are generally self-catered products. Some of them have one room, some of them may have multiple rooms, but I also want to make sure people understand we are still adding hotels in many, many countries, even countries we've been in for many years like Italy, Spain, France, so the mix of what we're adding has fewer rooms than an average property that we have in the base, but there's still a lot of multi-room properties of various sorts and types that still need to be acquired in the system.
Naved Kahn - Cantor Fitzgerald: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Heath Terry of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Thanks. Darren, I was wondering if you could sort of give us a sense of what you're seeing within advertising, customer acquisition costs particularly around mobile, whether it's on the app download side or even just sort of the more straightforward customer acquisition through search or some of the other alternative channels that you have. As you think about sort of lifetime value of your app customers, how are you thinking about allocating budget between those channels that you have available to you?
Darren Huston: Yes. Thanks, Steve. We don't give out conversion ROI data things like this probably are very proprietary, but I would say at the highest level. Mobile is obviously an interesting area and mobile comes in various forms. People say mobile, it's such a broad concept. But you actually have to get into either web based mobile or app based mobile and then you got to talk separately about tablets and phones. And as mobile has increased the mix of our business, mobile is tending towards becoming more PC like. It's interesting how we talked about in mobile how it's all last minute booking or app based, but in fact over time, people are starting to view even more regular types of bookings on mobile phones and tablets. Tablets used to be a product of the rich and the wealthy, but more and more they're becoming very mainstream and begin to behave very much like a laptop or another device. So we think mobile is generally a net positive for an online travel agent because it increases the number of screens that we can market against. It improves the experience of our customers, but figuring out exactly where to send money and how to attract customers is still an ongoing art. We meet regularly as a group to discuss these things to really, really be smart about it because sometimes you can get – fads can happen and people can go out chasing downloads, but if people download apps and they never use them, those aren't very valuable. So we think we've got a pretty good handle now on what the ROI is of a mobile download versus a mobile app they'll actually convert. But we continue to try to learn in that space. I would say we certainly have a lot of caution about going and chasing downloads (indiscernible) and we think a lot through that. The other really important thing is many people will book on one device but then experience on another device or they'll start the booking on one device and then pick up the same search on another device. So we're working a lot to connect their screens so that single account users can really reflect their experience regardless of the screen that they're using and I think that is obviously a new phenomenon that people are starting to figure out and I think in general we've got a pretty good handle on it.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Olson of Piper Jaffray. Question please.
Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray: Hi. Good afternoon. You talked a lot about continuing the offline marketing aggressively and is the ongoing aggressive spend in offline investments that would otherwise be made in online marketing channels or is it an investment in marketing that kind of would otherwise follow the bottom line? In other words, would you just be spending those dollars anywhere or what's the tradeoff you're making with spending more on offline tradeoff versus more online marketing or tradeoff versus higher profitability, or is it some combination?
Darren Huston: Okay. Well, I would say it's not a tradeoff. In all of our online channels we're optimizing ROI and we're not moving money from the online spend into the offline spend. The offline spend is – we also treat methodically and we're creating tools and figure out how to use offline spend as a new way to acquire customers and we compare that spend both from an immediate booking perspective as well as a lifetime value perspective against all of our online channels. So you can think about it as adding a leg to our marketing stool and trying to make that as data driven as all the success we've had on the online side. We got into this really from an experiment standpoint because the Booking.com brand in particular is broadly used, but it doesn't have very high AETAS [ph] awareness. These are in our more mature markets. And the bet is basically by increasing AETAS awareness through effective offline marketing. Can we get more earnings, more cash flow in the business from that betting? Could it make economic sense relative to other investments? So it's not a tradeoff but it's certainly all of our marketing investments are compared against one and other regardless of channel or regardless of their offline or online and that's the standard that we hold the entire group to and this is just giving us a few more options. And ultimately it does also allow us to go more directive for the future.
Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney of RBC Capital Markets. Question please.
Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets: I think you had said an interesting factoid about the U.S. is now the largest destination for Booking.com and it sounds like that's after years of building up a presence in North America. I would think long-term, however, that that would change again given that the size of the European and Asia travel markets are of the same or they could be the same or bigger than the U.S. market. How do you think about that? It sounds like a great accomplishment but would you want that to be the case say 5 to 10 years from now? Any general thoughts on that. Thanks, Darren.
Darren Huston: Yes. Thanks, Mark. When we say largest market, we're meaning country market, so that's comparing the U.S. to France or China or Italy independently. I would say at a regional level, Asia shows tremendous promise obviously with the population as does Europe more broadly defined if you include Eastern Europe. So, I think each one of those regions has tremendous potential. In terms of country markets and in the U.S. there's a quarter likely of the world's GDP still and likely a quarter of all travel expenditures. So we would have expected to be truly global. At least today that the U.S. is our largest market, maybe 20 years from now it will China. But at least today that would be a reasonable expectation. But the fact that it's just now becoming our largest destination market still means that there's a lot of growth ahead of us in the United States because it deserves to be significantly larger than it is today.
Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks, Darren.
Darren Huston: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ron Josey of JMP Securities. Your line is opened.
Ronald Josey - JMP Securities: Thank you for taking the question. I wanted to ask maybe, Darren, a little bit more about the seasonality. I know you said that while the bookings in the quarter came from Asia Pac and South America, particularly good to having the best quarter. I guess 4Q is always the seasonally highest quarter. So can you talk a little bit more about just the contribution from Asia Pac and South America? And for South America particularly, is it doing so well because of North American travelers using Booking.com? Thanks.
Darren Huston: Yes. Maybe I'll get Dan first to just talk a little bit about the seasonality of the business and I'll make some comments geographically.
Daniel J. Finnegan: So seasonality, Ron, Q4 and Q1 to a lesser degree are typically the peak season for South America and Asia Pacific, and so we see it particularly in Q4 we feel the impact of those faster growing regions representing a larger percentage of our total gross bookings driving up our consolidated growth rate. Then you start to move into Q1, also was an important quarter for those regions, but you also now see North America and Europe those bookings start to kick-in for Easter and summer checkouts. So it's a little less pronounced in Q1.
Darren Huston: Just regarding South America specifically, it's interesting. South America itself is very dependent on inner regional travel. South America is generally long ways from other places. But if you get up to the northern part of South America or into the Caribbean, Central America, it becomes more and more dependent on American bookers, particularly if you get into Mexico or Caribbean and that has really benefited as the destination as we've grown in America with American bookers. I would also add though that we were quite early into Brazil and Argentina, so our business there is both strong from an inbound basis but also among Brazilians and Argentineans and many of those end up coming to places like Miami, East Coast of America and that's helped that business as well. So, I feel like we've got a great presence in South America but also still again so much more to do than where we are today.
Ronald Josey - JMP Securities: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross Sandler of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank AG: Thanks, guys. Just a high-level question on mobile, is the mix of mobile transactions similar in terms of percentage coming from pay channels versus organic channels relative to your base business in desktop? And within those pay channels are they similar or the ones that are working similar as to desktop i.e. search versus kind of affiliate and other in mobile? Thanks.
Darren Huston: Well, Dan, do you want to take the first cut of that?
Daniel J. Finnegan: Yes. Well maybe I'll just quickly comment. The -- within mobile, again you have got tablet and phone and then you have got app versus web. And app is just a very different thing because you’re getting the app and then the businesses generally exclude to redirect bunch of a clarity app, but the place you got to get the app downloads can vary. But as it relates to web based mobile, it is relatively the same as desktop, although still a lot to work out with regards to the non Google sources, because you can think of all the things that you can think of TripAdvisor, Trivago or an affiliate like easyJet or Ryanair. They don’t necessarily have all the tools to pass us the same amount of mobile businesses as they do with desktop business. But Google specifically is probably -- it's obviously a different business on Google, on the phone because we got less real estate to play with, but they’ve been doing probably the most work here to make it an effective way to buy mobile business over time. Okay?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Anmuth of JP Morgan. Your question please.
Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co.: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Darren, I know it’s only been six weeks or so and especially since you’ve been in the new seat. But I was just hoping you could perhaps give us some color on where your -- where you think your thought process might differ most from Jeff’s if it does it all. Obviously, the business has been run extremely well of course in the past, but is there any strategy, geography, marketing initiatives or anything like that you think is perhaps a little bit different going forward? Thanks.
Darren Huston: Thanks, Doug. Well, I think its always important to remember people that I was -- I’ve been running Booking.com before I took on this role for a couple of years and its -- and a lot of the things that philosophies that were developed for the Group, I was very much part of developing and as they say you don't want to fix what ain’t broke. So I really much feel like our strategy of focusing on organic growth potentially looking for opportunistic acquisitions, but not relying heavily on acquisitions for growth. Running independent brand entrepreneurially, all of these facets and probably most importantly in the Group is our focus on the customer and making sure everything we design is around satisfying our end users is really -- I think will continue and I don’t see any major deviations from that path. There are lots of things going on in the Group, and also in the innovation side and those will only be different because the market continues to evolve and it’s very competitive. But I hope that you will see coming out of all the brands, if anything an increased pace of innovation around our product as the landscape continues to evolve and we continue to adjust to that. We’re not afraid to invest, but we definitely have a philosophy that those investments should be in profitable investments and things that can be sustainable for the long-term versus buying business in a non-profitable. I certainly subscribe to those principles and we’re going to continue to execute in that manner.
Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tom White of Macquarie. Your question please.
Thomas White - Macquarie Research: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe just a follow-up on the comments in the prepared remarks about U.S becoming the biggest destination for booking. Can you maybe just parse that a little bit whether -- how much of that is the result of U.S point of sale, maybe impact from the offline ad campaign you guys are doing here or versus maybe increased hotel supply making it more compelling for European travelers to or international travelers to travel here? Thanks.
Darren Huston: Yes, thanks Tom. We don’t -- I can’t parse it where the traffic is coming from just because it’s quite proprietary. But I will say it is a combination of all the factors. We’ve been significantly expanding our property base in the United States. We have signed now pretty much all of the chains in the United States. It’s a very chain dominant market. So our products on the shelf is extremely competitive. We have also expanded our teams in the United States. Over a 1,000 people now work for Booking.com in the United States. We have offices across the country and we are going to continue to expand those. So I feel like the products on the shelf is very strong and then that is driven then a lot of engagement in the product by both international travelers as well as domestic travelers. We have always been, for years, strong in cities like New York, which is a big international destination, Miami, San Francisco, but you're seeing increasing strength in cities that are really primarily American destinations and a lot of that is because we are attracting a significantly more American to use our product.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Aaron Kessler with Raymond James. The line is open.
Aaron Kessler - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: First on, if you can talk little bit about the KAYAK, how are you looking to integrate with that going forward. I know when you acquired them its kind of more about operating independently, although it does seem like Priceline as well as booking as it integrated a little more. But is there any overview on where you think penetration rates are today for Europe online travel as well as the European mix of Booking.com? Thank you.
Darren Huston: First of all, let me just talk about KAYAK first. We were really -- we felt very much as brands we were underrepresented in KAYAK before the acquisition. And I would say we have taken pretty big steps to get our fair representation within KAYAK. But we are also very careful that KAYAK has to be a marketplace that clears at market rates and we’re going to continue with that principle, because Expedia and other players are also buying into KAYAK and we have no intention to make KAYAK a Priceline Group only marketplace. But I feel good that we’ve gotten the right things there. We are sharing a lot of learnings with them, but the level and depth of integration work has pretty much been done. And Dan, you do want to talk about …
Daniel J. Finnegan: In terms of Internet penetration in Europe, Aaron, I don’t have any specific data to share with you. We look at the same types of reports that you do from the PhoCusWright and others. I’d say that given the growth rates that we continue to post in Europe, it’s clear that the penetration is still ongoing and that there is still a shift to the internet, that’s one of the drivers that’s helping us grow at the rate that we are.
Aaron Kessler - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great, thank you. And just any quick thoughts on the air acceleration in the quarter, what was behind that?
Jeffery H. Boyd: Good execution by the priceline.com air team for one, getting access to discounted rates for opaque, and then it's also been largely helped by integration with KAYAK as we mentioned earlier. So, Priceline is powering book at KAYAK for airline tickets and that’s driven some nice additional business for Priceline.
Aaron Kessler - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Brian Fitzgerald - Jefferies & Co.: Actually we’ve been watching the number of reviews on Booking.com for a while and maybe the proxy fund engagement. And we know it’s a kind of plateaud out towards the end of the quarter and then as inflected up since kind of nicely. Maybe just wondering is that reflective of seasonality, are you going through like a periodic calling process where you’re cleaning up the reviews, making sure they’re fresh; any color there would be great.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Yes, it's a great question Brian. I think one is two things that people don’t, they don’t find obvious that we probably market more on our reviews. One is that, all of our reviews are from verified guests, so by definition you can’t write a review unless you’ve paid. But secondly all the reviews on our site are only 14 months old. So we don’t call any reviews out of the recent reviews, they’re all real guests, bad reviews, good reviews or whatever. But we’ll take the odd review out that uses strong language or mentioned somebody personally [ph]. We’ve never removed the review score itself. But what you’re seeing basically is the seasonality because of its 14 months role and we’re very confident that the rate at which people return reviews is not changing and we’ll see that those counts will continue to increase as the business continues to grow.
Brian Fitzgerald - Jefferies & Co.: Awesome. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Kopelman of Cowen and Company. Your question please.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company: Hi, thanks a lot. Could you give us anymore color on your TV advertising test in the U.K. and as you approach there any difference given your brand is probably more well know there versus other countries where you reduced TV advertising for Booking.com? Thanks.
Darren Huston: Yes, I would say on the United Kingdom, in Europe despite our strength we're constantly surprised that half the European still know our brand even though many have used us. And the UK is a big important market for us, so this is kind of the obvious next place for us to test. And for us we're just being cognizant and methodical about the cost and the returns, including how brand awareness ultimately drives booking and I think we're getting smarter and smarter about this. So I think the net of it is we're very strong in Europe but we believe that and hope that offline marketing can have a great impact there. But again this is a test and an experiment and if we find that it doesn't have the needed impact, then we'll bring that down. But the UK was also – our ads were trying to use the same content in many markets. We changed the voice over. So if you watched the UK booking ads, you'll notice that they're just down in a different tone. We test those tones with customers. But the voice over in English works very well and that's why to-date all four markets are English speaking markets.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company: Great. Thank you very much.
Darren Huston: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Nowak of Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Brian Nowak - Susquehanna Financial Group: I have two. The first one you made really strong progress in the U.S. with the Booking.com and branded ad campaign. I guess I'd be curious about your thoughts about strategically couponing or a discounting initiative on mobile or desktop in the U.S. to really drive further growth and market share? And then the second one, in your 10-K geographic breakdown of revenue, other revenues that are non-U.S., non-Europe, non-UK accelerated really nicely to 113% growth in 2013. I assume that's APAC in Agoda. Can you just talk to which countries you're seeing that accelerating growth in and help us understand sustainability from here? Thanks.
Darren Huston: Yes, I'll let Dan take and he'll answer that second question that you're referring to. On the first question, Booking.com is an agency model. That means that the hotels are basically going into the marketplace and setting their own rates. And therefore we don't naturally tend to do a lot of couponing. This is different that Priceline and Agoda with the merchant models would more likely use that as a tactic. There are more things we can do but we like to be sort of an everyday little price option for customers that they know that the prices we have are the lowest they can get in the market. We sometimes do closed user group deals that we collect from hotels and do them just to our logged in and subscribed customers and that seemed to be a pretty effective tactic for us in terms of driving our growth. But couponing specifically is not something that we use on any basis with the agency model and Booking.com.
Daniel J. Finnegan: In terms of that geographic footnote, Brian, it's not going to be very helpful for you in trying to decide for a growth rate for that other column. There's just some shifts there between certain regions and into the Netherlands. And so if you look at the footnote there, that's just a combination of various other subsidiaries that operate outside of U.S. or Netherlands.
Brian Nowak - Susquehanna Financial Group: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I show no further questions in queue.
Darren Huston: Okay. Well, thank you very much and look forward to talking to you guys again next quarter.
Operator: Thank you, gentlemen, and thank you everyone for your participation. That does conclude the Priceline Group's fourth quarter and full year 2013 conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Have a great day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-07 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeffery H. Boyd - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Group Management Board, Chief Executive Officer of Lowestfare.Com and Director of Lowestfare.Com Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Ex-Officio Member of Group Management Board Darren R. Huston - Member of Group Management Board and Chief Executive Officer of Booking.Com, Agoda & Rentalcars.Com
Analysts: Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Brian Patrick Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Thomas C. White - Macquarie Research Eric James Sheridan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Ronald V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Priceline Group's Third Quarter 2013 Conference Call. Priceline would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Priceline's actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of Priceline's earnings press release, as well as Priceline's most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Priceline undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Priceline's earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the Investor Relations section of Priceline's website located at www.priceline.com. And now, I'd like to introduce the Priceline Group's speakers for this afternoon, Jeffery Boyd and Daniel Finnegan. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Thank you, and welcome to Priceline's Third Quarter Conference Call. I'm here with Darren Huston, CEO of Booking.com; and Priceline's CFO, Dan Finnegan. Priceline reported consolidated gross bookings for the third quarter of approximately $10.8 billion, up 38% year-over-year or about 36% on a local-currency basis. Non-GAAP net income was $920 million or $17.30 per share, up $0.40 versus prior year. Third quarter results surpassed FactSet consensus estimates of $16.23 per share and our guidance for the quarter. Worldwide hotel room night reservations were 74.8 million for the quarter, up 36% year-over-year. Our international business recorded 41% gross bookings growth on a local currency basis, down from 44% in Q2. Room night and bookings growth rates have shown considerable persistence given the scale of the business due to solid execution in core markets and high-growth rates in Asia-Pacific and the Americas. International gross bookings also benefited generally from growth in hotel supply and growth in new markets for rentalcars.com. Booking.com's platform now has over 355,000 hotels and other accommodations, up 45% over last year. Booking.com continues its investment in its global supply platform, building substantially differentiated hotel and accommodation supply and the related content. Booking.com is also executing well in changing distribution environment with, we believe, share gains, and its U.S. brand building has added to its momentum in this country. Booking.com extended its TV investment to Australia this year, and we are pleased to further diversify our marketing spend where the data tells us it makes sense. Agoda delivered strong transactional growth in the quarter and continues investment in distribution and mobile, which is so important in the region. Both Agoda and Booking.com are building a solid business for international travel to and from China, increasing the group's exposure to that key market. Priceline's domestic gross bookings growth improved to 17% in the third quarter due to growth in airline ticket sales and rising ticket prices and growth in hotel room night and rental car reservations. We believe Priceline is gaining share domestically, with solid execution on a number of fronts, including Express Deals, rental cars and mobile. Priceline is also benefiting from increased advertising on KAYAK.com, which is generating increased booking volumes. Merchant gross bookings growth of 24% reflects growth at Agoda and rentalcars.com. Rental car days grew 28% in the quarter, as both Priceline and rentalcars.com are now facing tougher comps on increasing growth rates last year. Rentalcars.com has exciting opportunities ahead, building share in international markets, expanding its mobile footprint and investing in customer experience and brand. KAYAK.com has continued its brand building activities, and we are pleased with the early results of efforts to build a presence on KAYAK for our brands where we were previously underrepresented. As I mentioned earlier, for example, referrals from KAYAK helped drive accelerating growth at priceline.com in the quarter. Competition in travel search is intense, with most players substantially increasing marketing spend, particularly in off-line campaigns. KAYAK will continue to invest in building its brand and in international expansion, with a great team and the support of other brands in the group to drive success. The group's business performance exceeded expectations in the quarter. Operating margins were strong in the third quarter, relative to our forecast, on advertising and OpEx efficiencies. Our outlook calls for pressure on margins in Q4, driven in part by investments in marketing and people as we prioritized initiatives that drive growth and the seasonally higher share of the business in Asia-Pacific and Latin America, which, to a greater degree, are in investment mode than our core markets in U.S. and Europe. Overall, our businesses are performing well, enjoying substantial benefits from working and sharing with sister brands within the group and generating operating margins that support continued investment in brand, product and innovation. The markets in which we operate have never been more competitive, with substantial investment, particularly in travel research by large global payers and venture-backed newer entrants. We believe our group is pursuing an appropriate strategy of expansion and investment, but the most important factor in our progress both historically and going forward is the quality of our people around the world and their execution for which I am extremely grateful. I will now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Thanks, Jeff. I'll discuss some of the highlights and operating results and cash flows for the quarter and then provide guidance for the fourth quarter of 2013. Growth rates mentioned in my remarks are in relation to the prior-year comparable period, unless otherwise indicated. Q3 was a strong quarter from a top and bottom line perspective. Strong unit growth, paired with good operating margins, drove results that exceeded the top end of our guidance range in all key metrics. Hotel room nights booked grew by 36% in the third quarter, decelerating modestly compared to the unit growth rate of 38% achieved in each of the prior 3 quarters. Our key worldwide markets had solid performance in the quarter and had delivered remarkably resilient growth over the past year. Average daily rates, or ADRs, for Q3 2013 were up on a local currency basis by about 1.8% for the consolidated group. Rental car days booked were up by 28% for Q3, which we believe represents another quarter of gaining share in the worldwide rental car reservation market. Deceleration in our growth rate from Q2 reflects a slowdown in growth in certain markets and a more difficult year-over-year comp. For the third quarter, compared to the prior year, the FX rate for the euro to the U.S. dollar was favorable by about 6%, and the FX rate for the British pound to the U.S. dollar was unfavorable by about 2%. As a result, currency impact aided our year-over-year growth rates expressed in U.S. dollars for gross bookings, revenue, gross profit, adjusted EBITDA and net income. These FX rates were slightly favorable to our guidance forecast assumption. Q3 gross bookings grew by 38% compared to the prior year. Our Q3 international gross bookings grew by 42% in U.S. dollars and by about 41% on a local currency basis. Gross bookings growth accelerated to 17% for our priceline.com brand business in the U.S. Performance was strong across air, rental car and hotel verticals. The success of Express Deals has restored growth to our opaque hotel business, providing another way for our customers to save money with a simple booking experience that also works well on mobile devices. Priceline U.S. growth was also helped by increasing advertising placements within KAYAK. Gross profit for the quarter was $2 billion and grew 42% as compared to prior year. The inclusion of KAYAK in our results contributed about 5 percentage points of inorganic growth for the quarter. KAYAK revenue amounted to $68.4 million in Q3, net of intercompany activity. Our international operations generated gross profit of $1.8 billion, which constituted an increase of 42% as compared to the prior year and an increase of 39% on a local currency basis. Gross profit for our U.S. business, including KAYAK, amounted to $222 million, which represented 45% growth versus prior year. Q3 2012 gross profit includes a $4.8 million charge related to an unfavorable hotel margin tax judgment in Washington, D.C. Non-GAAP operating income amounted to 55.5% of gross profit for Q3 and declined by 40 bps versus prior year due mainly to the offline advertising campaign for Booking.com in the U.S. that we launched earlier this year and a modestly dilutive impact on operating margin from the KAYAK acquisition. Online advertising expense as a percentage of gross profit is 10 bps lower than prior year. We continue to see lower year-over-year ROIs, business mix shifting to our international brands and to paid channels for certain of our brands. The inclusion of KAYAK provides an offsetting favorable impact on our online ad efficiency until we anniversary the acquisition because KAYAK's been blessed relatively on online advertising as a percentage of gross profit and spending by our other brands for ad placements on KAYAK is eliminated from our consolidated results. Other OpEx, besides advertising, levered compared to prior year mainly because Q3 2012 included a $13 million one-time payroll tax charge in the Netherlands and a $4.8 million charge related to an unfavorable hotel margin tax judgment in Washington, D.C. As I will discuss in a moment when we get to Q4 guidance, we believe it is likely that the Dutch government will enact a similar payroll tax levy in Q4 2013, which will negatively impact the year-over-year margins for that quarter. Our operating margin performance was better than 250 bps of operating deleverage assumed in our guidance forecast due to gross profit over performance, better-than-assumed ad efficiency and lower-than-forecasted other operating expenses. Adjusted EBITDA for Q3 amounted to $1.11 billion, which exceeded the top end of our guidance range of $1.06 billion and represents 43% growth versus prior year. Non-GAAP net income grew by 44% and non-GAAP EPS grew by 40%, reflecting the impact of a higher fully diluted share count. In terms of cash flow, we generated approximately $970 million of cash from operations during third quarter 2013, which is about 44% higher than last year. We spent about $20 million on CapEx and repurchased $460 million of our common stock in Q3. Since the KAYAK acquisition, we have in total spent $805 million to purchase about 916,000 shares of our common stock at an average price of $878 per share to partly offset dilution from the shares issued to close the KAYAK deal. Over the last several weeks, we have received early conversion notices for about $390 million principal amount of our 2015 convertible notes, which we will settle in Q4 by issuing cash for the principal amounts and shares of common stock for the conversion premium. Our cash and investments totaling about $6.6 billion at quarter close are available for general corporate purposes, including additional share repurchases, acquisitions and debt repayment. Now for fourth quarter 2013 guidance. We are forecasting total gross bookings to grow by 27% to 34% and to grow on a local currency basis by approximately 26% to 33%, with U.S. gross bookings growing by 17% to 24%. We expect international gross bookings expressed in U.S. dollars to grow by 29% to 36% and to grow on a local currency basis by approximately 28% to 35%.. Our Q4 forecast assumes that local currency ADRs for the consolidated group will be roughly flat compared to the prior-year period. This reflects current trends, as well as the mix impact in Q4 of high travel season in less mature Asian and South American markets that are typically lower ADR and less profitable than our more mature markets. Our Q4 forecast assumes that foreign exchange rates remain at the same $1.35 per euro and $1.61 per British pound as yesterday's closing rates, which would result in average exchange rates that would be stronger by about 5% for the euro and about flat for the British pound as compared to the prior year. We have hedge contracts in place to substantially shield our fourth quarter EBITDA and net earnings from any fluctuation in the euro or the pound versus the dollar between now and the end of the quarter, but these hedges do not offset the impact of translation on our gross bookings, revenue, gross profit and operating income and do not hedge our earnings beyond the fourth quarter. We expect Q4 revenue to grow year-over-year by approximately 19% to 26% and gross profit dollars to grow by approximately 30% to 37%. Please remember that gross profit is a better indicator of our top line momentum than revenue since we record Name Your Own Price revenues on a gross basis, while our other revenues are reported on a net basis. For example, the success of our Express Deals service has driven opaque hotel growth in gross bookings and gross profit, but the shift of share away from Name Your Own Price hotel has caused the decline in opaque hotel revenue. We expect about 340 bps of deleverage in non-GAAP operating income as a percentage of gross profit compared to prior year. We assume that margins in Q4 will again be impacted by deleverage in advertising efficiency related to our Booking.com TV campaigns in the U.S. and a new campaign recently launched in Australia and the inclusion of KAYAK off-line advertising. Our Q4 guidance forecast includes a $12 million charge in personnel expense related to the payroll tax levy that we believe is likely to be enacted by the Dutch government. The different timing for the expense, Q4 this year versus Q3 last year, creates a year-over-year margin tailwind in Q3 and creates a fairly significant drag on operating margins in Q4. Other OpEx also reflects some deleverage, as we continue to invest in people and related expenses to fuel our future business growth. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $510 million and $540 million, which, at the midpoint, represents 23% growth year-over-year. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax rate of approximately 15.5%, comprised of international income taxes and alternative minimum tax and state income taxes in the U.S. We are targeting a non-GAAP fully diluted EPS of approximately $7.80 to $8.30 per share, which, at the midpoint, represents 19% growth over prior year, including the impact of a higher year-over-year share count. Our non-GAAP EPS guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of 52.9 million shares based upon yesterday's closing stock price of $1,058.04 per share and reflect the impact of shares issued and options assumed as part of the KAYAK acquisition, net of shares repurchased over the year. We forecast GAAP EPS between $6.40 and $6.90 per share for Q4. The difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP results is driven by non-GAAP adjustments that are detailed in our earnings release. We're pleased by the strong and steady unit growth the group has delivered over the last several quarters, and that is inherent in our forecast. Our guidance reflects deceleration in growth experienced to-date in the quarter and our expectation that such a large business comparing against high transaction growth rates will experience sequentially decelerating growth rates. Our forecast does not assume any material change in macroeconomic conditions in general and conditions in the consumer travel market in particular. I will now turn the call back to Jeff.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Thanks, Dan. Today, we announced the promotion of Darren Huston to President and CEO of the group effective January 1, 2014. This promotion is part of our Board's long-term succession planning and splits the roles of Chairman and CEO. I will remain as Chairman of the group's Board. Darren is the CEO of Booking.com, the group's largest business, and has done a great job delivering impressive growth and share gains as underscored by the results we announced today. He has also participated in group management through his membership in our group management Board and in his role overseeing the relations among our international brands. Darren is the right choice to lead the group, and I look forward to working with him as Chairman of the Board. I will now turn the call over to Darren for a few comments.
Darren R. Huston: Thanks, Jeff. Very briefly, I couldn't be more excited to take this next step with the group. I also look forward to working with our outstanding teams at all the group's 5 brands and building on our strong tradition of independent and entrepreneurial brand leadership. I see tremendous potential for the Priceline Group to continue to serve and delight travelers around the world with industry-leading and innovative online services. Also important will be to build on our long history of win-win distribution partnerships with hotels, rental car companies, airlines and other travel service providers. In the coming months, my focus will be to work with Jeff, the brand CEOs and group leadership to make sure we stay at the course on the execution of our business strategy.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Thanks, Darren. And with that, we'll now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Heath Terry of Goldman Sachs.
Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you could start by giving us a bit more of an update on what kind of impact you saw for mobile this quarter, particularly to the extent that you're seeing any impact on -- or that was in any way sort of a driver of some of the marketing leverage that you saw or could be seeing in the business. And as you think about particularly the incorporation that you've done of KAYAK's mobile assets into the model, how that's affecting your planned investment in the category.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Well, thanks, Heath. I think our mobile businesses are performing very well in the marketplace. We have not been publishing share data in terms of the amount of reservations running through mobile platforms. But based on what we're seeing, we feel very good about the extent to which we are building mobile penetration in the group, especially looking at some of the disclosures that have been made by competitors. I think if you look at the apps and products in particular of KAYAK, priceline.com, Booking.com, I think they're all outstanding. They're getting good reviews and substantial acceptance by consumers. As I've mentioned before, I think it's still a little too early to start talking about marketing leverage or deleverage from the growth of business in the mobile channel because it's such early days in terms of really understanding what the return on investment in mobile is, and that's particularly true when so many consumers are completing a transaction after accessing our brands through multiple screens. But that's something that we continue to look at and it's our objective and the objective of others to try to get real estate on people's smartphones, so that they will come back directly to our brands, and I think we're doing a good job working in that direction. KAYAK's mobile assets, we think, are top notch and we said that at the time of the acquisition. They've been an active participant in our intercompany activities, as we share with each other best practices and new developments in mobile. And certainly, our brands are advertising, not only on KAYAK's desktop product, but in their mobile product as well; and as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, that's proceeding well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Post of Merrill Lynch.
A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Jeff, could you talk about why the CEO change now and how involved you plan to be with the company going forward? And then, a little bit about the update on Booking.com in the U.S. How successful has that ad campaign been? Obviously, you're continuing to see much like the results. And maybe you could help us on whether you think this thing is working and can continue next year.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Okay. Justin, in terms of the CEO change, Darren is leading the biggest brand within the group. And as you guys can see, with all of our brands we're becoming an increasingly global business and I think it's a very, very logical and great choice for Darren to be the next CEO of the group. As to the timing of it, part of that is personal. I've been involved in the business for 14 years and running it for most of that time. And I'm looking forward to the opportunity to doing some different things, but also looking forward to the opportunity to work with Darren to make sure that the business continues on its successful course. I think we have something really special here, and it's really my highest priority to make sure that this transition in CEO goes well. And I'm confident that Darren and I will work well together in that regard. And I think I'll let Darren talk about how the advertising is going in the United States for Booking.com.
Darren R. Huston: Yes, Justin, we're really, really pleased with the results of the campaign so far. We are a very large global brand, the largest brand for booking online for hotel accommodations in the world, but we started off being a relatively unknown brand in the United States. So our primary objective in the -- these early stages is really to get Booking.com, Booking.yeah into the American dialect around travel. And with that, we've been really pleased with the initial results. No comment right now on the nature and extent of what we'll do in the coming year, but we're really pleased. And now, of course, with this latest experiment in Australia and America, where we've historically done very well, to also see how that works. And so far, we've been very pleased with those results as well.
A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Maybe one follow-up. Have you been able to see an acceleration in your U.S. Booking.com growth since you launched the campaign?
Darren R. Huston: We've been really pleased with our results in the U.S. We don't specifically disclose those. But for our business in what's otherwise a very mature market, we're extremely pleased also to get American bookers because that's helped our business in destinations at American Go [ph], like Mexico, the Caribbean and other destinations.
Operator: Our next question comes from Douglas Anmuth of JPMorgan.
Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just wanted to ask 2 things. First, on the early integration with KAYAK, could you just talk a little bit more about how you're feeling about how it's being used for Express Deals; and then, also where you currently are in terms of the booking you have and getting more of the Priceline Group brands in there? And then, secondly, can you just comment on the rental car days deceleration that we saw and the key drivers there?
Jeffery H. Boyd: Thanks, Doug. So the early integration with KAYAK, the integration includes both advertising placements, which would include banners for Express Deals. And if you go to KAYAK, you'll see those from time-to-time, and we have to compete for that space but we're happy with how that's working. And with respect to the booking path, our group brands did not previously participate in KAYAK's booking path before the acquisition was closed, but we are participating now. And again, that's a competitive marketplace, but we're happy to be trying to get our share there. With respect to the rental car days deceleration, Dan, maybe you could?
Daniel J. Finnegan: Yes. So the -- what we highlighted, Doug, was deceleration in certain markets. We saw some softness in demand for rentalcars.com, particularly in our biggest market in the U.K. And what's going to trump that up to, whether it's comping against the Olympics or great weather, we just saw some softness there. Overall, the business continues to perform very well. It was also just comping against a very high growth rate in the prior year. That was also an issue for the Priceline U.S. business. There can be variability for the opaque rental car business depending upon our access to discounted rates. We had some acceleration in our growth rate there in Q3 2012. And so, that created a difficult comp for this year, although that service continues to post some healthy growth rates.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Sandler of Deutsche Bank.
Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: But quick question on the guidance maybe for Dan. You guys called out a few items that are impacting the operating margin deleverage in the guidance. I think there was 4 things, mix shift to APAC, marketing ROIs, TV campaign and the Dutch payroll issues. So can you just bracket for us, I guess, a little bit better which of these items are accounting for the deleverage? And now, that you've comped the negative ROI period from 3Q last year in your online marketing, can you just talk about what you're seeing broadly in terms of the year-on-year ROI trend?
Daniel J. Finnegan: Yes. So the last piece there, in terms of the year-over-year trend for online advertising, the comps are easier and you can see that the results that we posted for Q3 are better. We don't have deleverage in that line item. That's somewhat helped by alleviation in the amount of decline in ROIs year-over-year and then, also just the inclusion of KAYAK, as I pointed out in my scripted remarks. So they have a higher percentage of direct traffic to the website, but they're not acquiring through paid online channels. And we now eliminate the spend by our other brands on the KAYAK platform. In terms of Q4, the principal drivers in terms of year-over-year deleverage, first and foremost, I'd point to the off-line campaigns. So we didn't have that spend last year and we do this year. And then, as well as significant contributor is that Dutch payroll tax, the $12 million hitting us this year and there was none last year related to that item. And then, beyond that, it would just be more broadly kind of the expenses that we incurred to run the business. So people, offices, travel, things of that nature.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney of RBC Capital Markets.
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Jeff, I know you're still staying with the company. I know it's a team effort, but your stock has gone from $10 to $1,000 since you've been CEO. That's a 100-bagger. I don't think I've seen that before and may not see that again. Two questions. One, same-day bookings, the sense we have is that that's now becoming a material advantage for online travel agencies. Could you talk about how large or how material that opportunity has been for you? And then, any color at all on Asia-Pacific, Latin America markets? You threw out a few more qualitative comments than normal. Would you be able to quantify what percentage of your international bookings come from those 2 markets?
Jeffery H. Boyd: Mark, thank you for those kind words. I really appreciate it. So same-day bookings, I think, has taken on a little bit of increased importance in our space because of the mobile product that's now essentially ubiquitous. There's been a lot of development by our brands and others to try to drive same-day deals to consumers via the mobile platforms, and that's a compelling opportunity. And I think what's happening is that the availability of that product is changing people's behavior, that they're more comfortable waiting until the last minute to book a hotel in the hopes that they'll find a deal on their smartphones. So just a great example of technology changing behavior and representing an opportunity not just for consumers, but for brands like ours who can meet that demand. And I think, based on the data we see internally, we are taking good advantage of that business trend and doing well in same-day bookings, in particular through our mobile platforms. And that may be something where we have a bit of an advantage too because I think our brands are well known for value, and it's a logical place for a consumer to look at a brand that's well known for value. And maybe I'll turn it over to Darren to talk about how we're doing in Asia-Pacific and Latin America.
Darren R. Huston: Yes. We've been doing very well in both markets. Obviously, as you know, Agoda, their primary booker market is Southeast Asia. But also, Booking.com has done extremely well, particularly would highlight, for instance, outbound Chinese business for both brands have been very strong. Inbound Japanese business has been strong. So that's a great market. And Latin America continues to be a very strong market for us, both travel within Latin America but also our increasing strength with American bookers has helped our Latin American business. So we're really pleased. I think both markets are becoming even more important to the group. And also, it's a demonstration of the globalization of our business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald of Jefferies.
Brian Patrick Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Maybe 2 quick questions. As TripAdvisor is adding smaller IBEs, Internet booking engines, to their platform, do you think that's going to create volatility or temporary pricing pressure for those leads as maybe they're less sophisticated and they have less data in terms of being able to adeptly kind of price those leads and sell for ROI? And really quickly, the second one was any unique dynamics you're seeing from your Google-derived traffic as the technical [ph] functionality has been out there for a while now?
Jeffery H. Boyd: Okay. So, Brian, with respect to the so-called IBEs on TripAdvisor, it's a very small part of their business right now, so we don't have a lot of data to analyze or to comment on. I do think that, at least in my estimation, it's unlikely that single hotels will be empowered to bid aggressively on TripAdvisor by virtue of that connectivity. They will absolutely benefit by being displayed and they'll get bookings, but I think it's unlikely that they'll have the sophistication or the conversion to dramatically move the auction dynamics in their advertising market. And again, it's early days, but that's just my opinion with respect to that. In terms of the unique dynamics on Google, we obviously have seen the carousel. We've -- they're continuously experimenting both in their hotel price ads platform, as well as across the various venues where we advertise. I -- we would not comment on how we're doing with respect to one of their particular experiments or presentations, suffice it to say that we work very hard to understand how all of those presentations work and we work with Google to make the best out of all their channels, and we continue to do that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom White of Macquarie.
Thomas C. White - Macquarie Research: Question. Jeff, you talked a bit about the changing distribution landscape and all the investment in the metasearch space at the moment by both of you guys and your competitors. I guess, when we think about the percent of your total traffic that comes from meta or maybe just paid channels more generally, is it increasing if we sort of isolate it by geography? Obviously, some of your newer markets, I think you guys are maybe getting more traffic there from paid channels. But what about from more mature markets, isn't that overall increasing as kind of a percent of your overall traffic?
Jeffery H. Boyd: So I think the best way I can answer that is to refer you to the growth that other reporting companies have mentioned recently for TripAdvisor and for Trivago. There's definitely growth in the channel. And while TripAdvisor is really much more than just a meta site, that ultimately is the price comparison tool they offer to their customers. So there's definitely growth in those channels and growth for our brand in those channels, and that's one of the reasons that we are delighted to have joined up with KAYAK because they've got a great product and they're participating in that growth. It's not big enough to substantially drive the marketplace at least for a business of our size, but it's an important distribution channel and it's growing for us and it's a good distribution channel. There are customers who want to comparison shop. And if you look at the experience that we can provide to somebody who arrives at one of our brands from a metasearch site, we can get them to a booking better than anybody. So we're -- we think we're well positioned to compete in that channel. The other thing I will say though is I think we're going in the right direction to make sure that we build our strength in a variety of distribution channels and ultimately build our brands because, just like any other online brand, our goal is to get customers to come to our site, enjoy the experience and come back directly. And you see the brand advertising that we're doing now with 3 of our brands, priceline.com, Booking.com and KAYAK.com, and I think we have good expertise and capability in that area, too. And we'll hopefully continue to invest there to try to drive direct traffic as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Sheridan of UBS.
Eric James Sheridan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Two quick questions. One, on the advertising business more broadly, I want to understand, with sponsored listings now launched as a product in KAYAK, sort of the puts and takes as you think about being more aggressive on pushing advertising products, either on the platform or off and how that might help marketing efficiency for Priceline in general going forward? And then, the other question really is around the agreement that was announced between Expedia and Travelocity and how you might think about that impacting the domestic business as we move into 2014, 2015?
Jeffery H. Boyd: Thank you, Eric. With respect to the ad business, I think the way that we look at that on our brands and the way KAYAK looks at it is really of an optimization game to try to build the presentation on your website that gives the customer what they're looking for in the most efficient way and ultimately maximizes your conversion and the revenue that you can drive from a page view. Sponsored listings can work well in that regard, as long as the -- it's not defeating the choice that the customer is looking for or the price transparency that the customer is looking for. And so, you can expect there -- to continue to be optimization there. The other thing I'll say is that not all of our brands are active in advertising on the site. Priceline.com and KAYAK obviously have substantial advertising on their site. But if you look at Booking.com, Agoda or rentalcars.com, it's -- you're just not going to find it. So different brands are independently managed and have the ability to deal with the trade-offs between driving advertising revenue or putting direct product in front of customers, and our different brands deal with that differently. And I think that's the only comment I would make on that front. With respect to the Expedia-Travelocity transaction, I think it represents a good transaction for Expedia. They disclosed a range of EBITDA, which is a nice addition to their earnings for the first year that they have it implemented. After that, for that revenue to grow, I think it's going to be a challenge for Travelocity to take a portion of the total revenue derived from a transaction and be competitive with other players like ourselves who are basically having the entire economics to use for investing and innovating and marketing, and it's also hard to win the innovation game when you can really only play it on the front half of the product that you're delivering to your customer. So I think that ultimately might represent a long-term challenge for Travelocity. And the final thing I'll say is that Expedia is going to have a greater share of market vis-à-vis suppliers, particularly in the markets where Travelocity is strong and that will probably be a benefit for them. But if your question was phrased in terms of, is that going to change materially the overall dynamics in the advertising and distribution markets in which we play, I think the answer to that is probably no.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Olson of Piper Jaffray.
Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Given some recent partnerships and just general continued momentum in vacation rentals, do you increasingly feel that you'll need to make more significant efforts in that space? In general, do you believe the consumer really wants to have all available lodging options on 1 site? And then, how do you think your hotel partners have react to more significant vacation rental listings integrated onto OTA sites, in general?
Jeffery H. Boyd: Mike, thank you. I think I'll let Darren take that one.
Darren R. Huston: Yes, we've -- as you can probably tell, on Booking.com, which probably of the brands in the group were the ones going the furthest into what we can call non-hotel accommodations, we have found that there's always a place to stay for every person depending on your needs. And whereas you might be traveling on business one time, the same booker may be traveling with a family of 4 or 5 for a week and wanted to stay in Southern Spain. And what we want to try to do is present a variety of accommodation options so that we can help consumers find the best option for them. And I think, certainly, it's hard to argue that vacation rentals might not fit in one of those options. But if you're on business, you don't want to see a bunch of vacation rentals if you're going to be staying in downtown New York. So I do think it's valuable. I think there's a lot of work to be done to make vacation rental booking as smooth as booking a hotel, but I think it is an interesting space for us for the long term. But there's a lot of work to do in multi-room, non-hotel accommodations as well. So at least, we've seen, when a demand comes in the front of the funnel, people do appreciate having more options than fewer options when searching for accommodations.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Millman of Millman Research.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: So following up on at least the U.S. car rental business. The -- there's now more discount brands and more -- to what extent is that reducing the availability of cars with the opaque market on one hand; and on the other hand, putting prices at a point where the consumer who really does need the aggravation of the opaque market? And then, I have another question.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Michael, thank you for your question. With respect to discount brands and the impact of discount brands on opaque, it is true that the name brands that we offer on opaque have consolidated some discount brands. And one of the reasons for doing that is to have some flexibility in moving cars back and forth, although I can't tell you for sure the degree to which they're effectively doing that. But having that ability to transfer cars back and forth and push idle inventory to a discount brand that can be sold at retail could potentially have an impact on the availability for opaque. With respect to pricing, the consolidation hasn't, at least in the experience of our business, had a dramatic impact on opaque availability. And the -- I think the reason for that is that the price competition from the discount brands is similar, whether they've been operating independently or whether they've been operating as part of some of the larger ones and there's, in most markets, still plenty of discount brands that are independent to push that pricing down. Now the degree to which that has produced a circumstance where people don't want to make the opaque trade-off -- and by the way, I wouldn't use your word of aggravation. It's actually quite un-aggravating to rent an opaque rental car on priceline.com. You're going to get a car at an airport from a major brand for 25% to 30% discount. That -- usually for our customers, they're very happy about that. And really, the trade-off is they're going to take some comfort in knowing that they're going to get an on-airport, well-known brand versus potentially having to go off-airport or get something from an unknown rental car company that might have a lot more miles on it, et cetera. So that's a long answer to your question. But I think the pricing is really driven much more by broad fleet dynamics than what's been going on in the discount space.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Okay. And the other is, I guess, Focusrite has at least put out some papers, arguing that APAC travel within the region now has surpassed Europe. Can you comment on whether you see that as well?
Darren R. Huston: This is Darren. Thanks, Michael. It's interesting. The statistics in travel are pretty hard to come by and Focusrite is definitely a good source of information. But I think, certainly, both the European and APAC markets are very attractive marketplaces. Yes, of course, there's a rise in the Chinese traveler that we all know about, certainly increasing incomes in Southeast Asia. Those are all dynamics that are particular to Asia, which you don't see in Europe, and Europe doesn't have the population growth nor the same kind of opportunity. So -- but I would say Europe, the Americas, APAC are all, of course, sizable opportunities with plenty of room to grow still for the group.
Jeffery H. Boyd: And, Michael, I would just add to that, that when we've been talking about the Asia-Pacific opportunity, it's a substantial opportunity. But notwithstanding the Focusrite data, we caution that it's going to be difficult to have that market grow as fast on the Internet as the Western European market has just because of Internet penetration, the type of devices that people are using. And most importantly, the overall level of relative affluence is just so much higher in Western Europe. So I'm sure there's been a dramatic increase in intra-Asia travel, although we don't have those numbers. But I still think that the good news is that opportunity is going to continue to unfold over a longer period of time.
Operator: Our final question for the hour comes from Ron Josey of JMP Securities.
Ronald V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: So, Dan, I wanted to go back to -- I think you had mentioned that maybe some advertising efficiencies on KAYAK. And in your prepared remarks, you mentioned that better advertising efficiencies helped the bottom line. So was it KAYAK that was better, or were there other benefits -- maybe other benefits in your advertising spend that helps like the TV and brand spend?
Daniel J. Finnegan: So for Q3, Ron?
Ronald V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Yes, for 3Q. Yes, for 3Q.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Yes. For Q3, ROIs came in better than what we had forecasted as well, so that definitely helped. The dynamic where KAYAK has a lower percentage of online ad spend and we eliminate spending by the other brands on KAYAK, we knew about that. That was built into our forecast. So the bigger driver there is just some efficiency in terms of ROIs and overall spend for offline as well.
Ronald V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Got it. And then one last question real quickly, given the strong domestic bookings growth we saw in the quarter in guide, any comments on just Express Deals in terms of how that's impacting the overall hotel growth domestically?
Daniel J. Finnegan: So that has really just been a game changer for the U.S. business for opaque hotel. As you will remember, last year, we were posting quarters where we had pretty significant declines in opaque unit growth. And we've turned that around now, and the opaque hotel business is growing nicely for the U.S. priceline.com business. We continue to see some declines in Name Your Own Price, but the 2 together, Express Deals and Name Your Own Price, have driven overall growth. So Express Deals has just been another nice offering in the arsenal for people that aren't willing to make the more substantial trade-offs for Name Your Own Price. It also just lends itself very well to mobile because it's a simpler offering where the person can see the price and just click and make the booking. So it's been a real positive for the U.S. business.
Operator: And at this time, I'd like to turn the call over to management for any closing remarks.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Thank you, all, very much for participating in the call.
Operator: Thank you, gentlemen. That does conclude the program. Thank you, everyone, for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Have a great day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-08 16:30:00) =====
Executives:  Jeffery H. Boyd – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Daniel J. Finnegan – Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer 
Analysts:  Ross Sandler – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Naved A. Khan – Cantor Fitzgerald Securities Ron Victor Josey – JMP Securities LLC Mike J. Olson – Piper Jaffray, Inc. Heath P. Terry – Goldman Sachs & Co. Douglas T. Anmuth – JPMorgan Securities, LLC Tom Cauthorn White – Macquarie Capital, Inc. Mark S. Mahaney – RBC Capital Markets LLC Brian P. Fitzgerald – Jefferies LLC Michael Millman – Millman Research Associates Ken Sena – Evercore Partners Scott H. Kessler – Standard & Poor’s Investment Advisory Services LLC Justin Post – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brian T. Nowak – Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Eric J. Sheridan – UBS Securities LLC Aaron Kessler – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.  
Operator: Welcome to Priceline Group’s Second Quarter 2013 Conference Call. Priceline would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical facts are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Priceline’s actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of Priceline’s earnings press release as well as Priceline’s most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Priceline undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. A copy of Priceline’s earnings press release together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement is available in the Investor Relations section of Priceline’s website located at www.priceline.com. And now, I like to introduce the Priceline Group speakers for this afternoon, Jeffrey Boyd and Daniel Finnegan. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Thank you and welcome to Priceline’s second quarter conference call. I’m here with Priceline’s CFO, Dan Finnegan. I will make some opening remarks and Dan will give a detailed financial review. After the prepared portion, we will take questions. The Priceline Group reported consolidated gross bookings for the second quarter of approximately $10.1 billion, up 38% year-over-year. Non-GAAP net income was $508 million or $9.70 per share, up 24% versus prior year. Second quarter results surpassed FactSet consensus estimates of $9.38 per share and our guidance for the quarter. Worldwide hotel room night reservations were $69.4 million for the quarter, up 38% year-over-year. Our international business recorded 44% gross bookings growth on a local currency basis, roughly consistent with Q1’s growth rate. Growth rates benefitted from good results in Europe and continued high growth rates in Asia-Pacific and the Americas. International gross bookings also benefited generally from growth in hotel supply and strong results at rentalcars.com. Booking.com’s platform now has over 330,000 hotels and other accommodations, up 40% over last year. Booking.com’s growth in Europe has held up well this year, despite continuing economic and political uncertainty. We believe the steady international room night growth we have posted this year is driving market share gains. Booking.com continued its aggressive development of markets outside Europe. These markets continue to grow faster than the core European markets, contributing to more overall growth as they become a larger percentage of the whole business. We are investing in growing hotel and accommodation supply and in marketing, including Booking.com’s offline marketing experiment in United States, which we believe is contributing to the room night growth Booking.com is seeing in the U.S. Agoda delivered good room night growth in the quarter and continues to build its business as a leading site for Asia Pacific bookers. With Agoda and Booking.com, whose Asia Pacific business does particularly well within international bookers, we believe the group is strengthening its position in this part of the world with attractive prospects as the region grows. Priceline’s domestic gross bookings grew 12% in the second quarter showing continued improvement aided by growth in domestic rental car reservations as well as improved hotel room night gross bookings, with Express Deals becoming a larger part of the APAC hotel business. Priceline.com has done a good job building Express Deals for customers who want Priceline savings without the bidding and the response to some new ads we are running featuring William Shatner and Kaley Cuoco seems positive. Merchant gross bookings growth of 30% continues to reflect growth at Agoda and rentalcars.com. Growth in rental car days increased sequentially from 43% to 46% driven by a strong growth at rentalcars.com and continuing improved results at priceline.com. Rentalcars.com continued to perform well as it builds out its international footprint. We closed the KAYAK transaction on May 21 and Dan will discuss the impact of including their financial results for the stub period. KAYAK is being run independently and we are encouraged as we start to look at opportunities to promote KAYAK’s growth. The group’s business performance exceeded expectations in the quarter and operating margins, while down, came in within the range of our forecast. Advertising efficiency continues to be an important variable, which is difficult to forecast with precision. Efficiencies are impacted not only by changing business mix and competitive and seasonal factors, but by substantial ongoing changes to our most important distribution channels, including the growth in mobile and changing interfaces at our largest partners. Based on what we see in the marketplace, I believe our online and offline teams are executing well in a challenging environment. I want to thank our employees around the world for their hard work and dedication. I will now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Thanks, Jeff. I’ll discuss some of the highlights in operating results and cash flows for the quarter and then provide guidance for the third quarter of 2013. Growth rates mentioned in my remarks are in relation to the prior year comparable period unless otherwise indicated. KAYAK is included in our income statement from the acquisition close date of May 21, through the end of the quarter, as well as in our guidance for all of Q3. KAYAK revenue included in Q2 results net of inter-company activity amounted to $31.1 million. We will report KAYAK’s revenue for the first year to help investors understand the impact of the acquisition on our top line growth. We expect that the impact of the KAYAK acquisition on our non-GAAP EPS for 2013 will de minimis. Q2 was a strong quarter from a top line perspective. Hotel room nights booked grew by 38% in the second quarter consistent with the unit growth rates achieved in both Q1 and Q4. Our international business performed well in all of our key markets. Our priceline.com U.S. business achieved accelerating room night growth in Q2 compared to Q1. Average daily rates or ADRs for Q2 2013 were up on a local currency basis by about 1% for the consolidated group. Rental car days booked were up by 46%, reflecting strong results for both rentalcars.com and priceline.com. For the second quarter compared to the prior year, the FX rate for the euro to the U.S. dollar was favorable by about 2%. The FX rate for the British pound to U.S. dollar was unfavorable by about 3%. As a result, currency exchange rates had a little impact on our year-over-year growth rates expressed in U.S. dollars for gross bookings, revenue, gross profit, adjusted EBITDA and net income. The FX rate for the Euro to the U.S. dollar was about 1% on favorable to our guidance forecast assumption. In summary, strong unit growth rate drove solid results compared to our guidance on all key operating metrics. Q2 gross bookings grew by 38% compared to prior year. Our Q2 international gross bookings grew by 44% on both the U.S. dollar and local currency basis. Gross bookings grew by 12% for our priceline.com brand business in the U.S. Growth in both retail and opaque reservation services contributed to year-over-year growth. Gross profit for the quarter was $1.4 billion and grew 38% as compared to prior year. Year-over-year gross profit growth for Q2 was hindered slightly by Easter falling on March 31, this year, which resulted in some revenue related to holiday shifting into Q1. The inclusion of KAYAK in our results contributed about 3 percentage points of inorganic growth for the quarter. Our international operations generated gross profit of $1.2 billion, which constituted an increase of 40% as compared to the prior year and an increase of 39% on a local currency basis. Gross profit for our U.S. business including KAYAK amounted to $183 million, which represented 26% growth versus prior year. Non-GAAP operating income as a percentage of non-GAAP gross profit amounted to 44.1% for Q2, compared to 48.2% for the prior year Q2. The operating margin declined by 410 bps compared to prior year that was near the better end of the range of 400 to 500 bps of our operating deleverage assumed in our guidance forecast. As we’ve discussed over the last several quarters, operating margins were impacted by lower year-over-year advertising ROIs, business mix, as well as offline advertising spend for KAYAK and Booking.com. Also as we discussed last year, Q2 margins are negatively impacted by an earlier Easter this year, which caused the shift of some gross profit into Q1, as well as the tough prior year margin comp. Other OpEx besides advertising delevered by 50 bps as we invested in personnel and other expenses to keep up with current and future business growth. We excluded $6.4 million of deal costs incurred in Q2 related to the KAYAK acquisition from non-GAAP net income, because the expenses are not driven by core operating results and were under comparisons with prior periods less meaningful. Adjusted EBITDA for Q2 amounted to $621 million, which exceeded our guidance range of $560 million to $595 million, and represents 26% growth versus prior year. Non-GAAP net income also grew by 26% and non-GAAP EPS grew by 24%, reflecting the impact of higher fully diluted share count. In terms of cash flow, it was a busy quarter. we generated approximately $593 million of cash from operations during second quarter 2013, which is about 37% higher than last year. Operating cash flow for the quarter benefits from our decision to prepay in the first quarter $224 million of income taxes for Booking.com, in return for an early payment cash discount. These taxes would otherwise have been paid monthly over the year, and so second quarter and subsequent quarters of 2013 have a lower payment burden as a result. We spent about $21 million on CapEx in the quarter and $193 million to acquire the remaining non-controlling interest in rentalcars.com. We also paid cash of $328 million, net of cash acquired, and $1.55 billion in shares of our common stock and assumed KAYAK stock options to close the KAYAK acquisition. As we announced in May, we completed a $1 billion convertible debt offering during the second quarter. We believe this represents attractive financing for the company with the coupon interest rate of 0.35% and a conversion price of $1,315 per share. The debt has a seven-year term and generally cannot be converted prior to maturity unless our stock trades above $1,973 per share. Concurrent with the offering, we announced an authorization from our Board of Directors to purchase up to $1 billion of our common stock. We repurchased $347 million of our common stock in Q2. The remaining proceeds as well as the other cash investments totaling about $6 billion at quarter close, are available for general corporate purposes, including additional share repurchases, acquisitions and debt repayment. Now for third quarter 2013 guidance. We are forecasting total gross booking to grow by 27% to 34% and to grow on a local currency basis by approximately 25% to 32%. With U.S. gross bookings growing by 5% to 10%, we accept international gross bookings expressed in U.S. dollars to grow by 32% to 39% and to grow on a local currency basis by approximately 30% to 37%. Our Q3 forecast assumes that local currency ADRs for the consolidated group will be up by about 1% compared to prior year. Our Q3 forecast assumes that foreign exchange rates remain at the same $1.33 per euro and $1.55 per British pound as yesterday’s closing rates, which would result in average exchange rate to be stronger by about 5.5% for the euro and weaker by about 2% for the British pound as compared to the prior year. We have hedged contracts in place to substantially shield our third quarter EBITDA and net earnings from any fluctuation in the euro or the pound versus the dollar between now and the end of the quarter. But these hedges do not offset the impact of translation on our gross bookings, revenue, gross profit and operating income, and do not hedge our earnings beyond the third quarter. We expect Q3 revenue to grow year-over-year by approximately 23% to 30%, and gross profit dollars to grow by approximately 32% to 39%. We expect about 250 bps of deleverage in non-GAAP operating income as a percentage of gross profit compared to prior year. We assume that margins in Q3 will again be impacted by deleverage in online advertising expense due to lower year-over-year ROIs, business mix continuing to shift to our international brands and to pay channels for certain of our brands. We will continue our investment in TV advertising in the U.S. market for our Booking.com brand and the inclusion of KAYAK will also increase offline advertising compared to prior year. Other OpEx is stable as a percentage of gross profit, reflecting continued investment in people and related expenses to support business growth, offset by a favorable comp because Q3 2012 included a $13 million one-time payroll tax charge in the Netherlands. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $990 million and $1.055 billion, which at the midpoint, represents 31% growth versus prior year. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax rate of approximately 16%, comprised of international income taxes and alternative minimum tax and state income taxes in the U.S. We are targeting non-GAAP fully diluted EPS of approximately $15.30 to $16.30 per share, which at the midpoint represents 27% growth over prior year. Our non-GAAP EPS guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of 53.3 million shares based upon yesterday’s closing stock price of $927.58 and reflects the impact of shares issued and options assumed as part of the KAYAK acquisition, net of shares repurchased during Q2. We forecast GAAP EPS between $13.75 and $14.75 per share for Q3. The difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP results is driven by non-GAAP adjustments that are detailed in our earnings release. We are pleased by the strong and steady unit growth the group has delivered over the last several quarters and that is inherent in our forecast. Over the trailing 12 months, the company has facilitated travel bookings accounting for about 234 million hotel room nights and total gross bookings of $33.7 billion. I highlight that our guidance reflects deceleration and growth experience to-date in the quarter and our expectation that such a large business comparing against high transaction growth rates will experience sequentially decelerating growth rates. Our forecast does not assume any material change in macroeconomic conditions in general and conditions in the consumer travel market in particular. We’ll now take your questions.
Operator: Thank you, gentlemen. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Ross Sandler of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ross Sandler – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks, guys. Just two quick questions, so we’ve seen Dan, as you’ve mentioned, we’ve seen a lot of change in some of your core customer acquisition channel. So Google Hotel Finder going better, TripAdvisor going better. Do you guys view these kinds of changing dynamics as an opportunity for Priceline to take market share versus OTAs and supplier direct? And then with the concept of changing dynamics in mind, how do you view your opportunity to gain market share in mobile versus maybe some of the smaller OTAs and supplier direct? Thanks.
Jeffery H. Boyd: So with respect to the first channel, whenever you have changing interfaces in important advertising channels, represents both the risk gained and opportunity. We have done particularly well in the legacy environment. And so I think we have risk when the interfaces change, but I think our teams have done a good job in executing against those changes and trying to build the processes and the understanding to do well in those marketplaces as they change. But the fundamental asset that we have is a great website that converts customers very well and that is an asset that has high value in all of these interfaces, whether it’s meta-search or pop-ups, we tend to do well once we get a visit into the website and that continues to be very important part of how we try to improve our product and help build share in these markets. So we look at it both as a risk and as an opportunity. And I think it’s a given in our space that these markets will continue to change. The media model businesses will continue to try to optimize for their customer flows and for revenue and all of us just have to be prepared to deal with those changes. With respect to mobile, I think, the teams have also done a very good job of building terrific mobile websites. Building functionality in our regular websites did work well in a tablet environment and building mobile apps. If you look at the number of downloads that we as a group, it’s in the tens of millions, and I think we’re doing good job in building apps that consumer want to download. And our focus is really to try to build downloads that consumers will actually use those apps to buy products because they tend to be quiet loyal, and I think we are doing well there based on the disclosures that have come out from competitors in the space. We are comfortable that we are tracking nicely in terms of mobile share.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Naved Khan of Cantor Fitzgerald. Your question please.
Naved A. Khan – Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Jeff, can you talk a little bit about the efficacy of your TV ad campaign in the U.S. and how much did it contributed to your performance versus your own expectations in the quarter? And how do you see it tracking going into the second half? And then I have a follow-up.
Jeffery H. Boyd: So I assume you are asking about the Booking.com campaign here in the United States, because keep in mind, now we have three brands that are advertising…
Naved A. Khan – Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Correct.
Jeffery H. Boyd: …Priceline booking in KAYAK. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we’re happy with the results we’ve seen to-date and we think that the ad campaign is contributing to the growth that Booking.com is seeing here in the United State. So it’s an ongoing experiment and we continue to monitor the results, but we’re pleased with what we see so far. And you got a follow-up?
Naved A. Khan – Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Yes, I do. Actually, so just I think going back to your comments on your earnings call for the last quarter, I think you talked about seeing some easier comps in the second half for advertising just because you start to anniversary some of the spending that you had in the last year. So are you still comfortable with that or would you want to revisit that and give us an update on how you look at that?
Jeffery H. Boyd: I think the best update we have is the guidance that Dan gave you for overall pressure on operating margins, which is going from 410 basis points in the second quarter to our guidance for approximately 250 basis points in the third quarter. The components of that pressure, while lower than in the second quarter, continue to be pressure on ROIs. And as I’ve said in previous calls, we first and foremost want to make sure that we are adequately investing in distribution and building the franchise, and while we haven’t changed the fundamental way that we do that or the disciplines that we apply to that process, we want to make sure that we are adequately supporting the business and so whether it’s offline or online, if we think there is an attractive opportunity to spend money to build the business, we’ll do so.
Naved A. Khan – Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ron Josey of JMP Securities. Your line is open.
Ron Victor Josey – JMP Securities LLC: Thanks for taking my questions. So two really, they are sort of combined. The first is just on macro, and I think, Jeff, you said that summer travels off to a strong start and seeing sustained improvement in Europe, but I think you said good results over there. Wondering if that just if you are seeing maybe a change in macro in the travel vertical over in Europe, such that things are getting better, or you just don’t want to operate better in a challenging environment? And then the second part of the question is any update on say 3Q trend, I think some of your competitors have been out there saying July might be a little bit slow, thank you.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Sure. So with respect to the macro, I think what I said in my prepared remarks really is a good summary of how we look at it. We still view it as a challenging environment from an economic standpoint, because there is continuing economic and political uncertainty. Having said that, the market has been relatively stable, when I say relatively, relative to six months ago into parts of last year where we are having civil unrest in Greece and a lot more headline activity around the economy and the potential for sovereign defaults that those headlines have abated in recent months. And so as both I mentioned we were relatively pleased with sort of the growth rates that we saw in Europe and we are not calling out any particular market or region as being particularly problematic compared to others. With respect to the third quarter basically what we’ve said in the guidance is that we guided to what we think are attractive growth rates, they represented deceleration from what we reported in 2Q and we said that that deceleration is something that we would witness so far in the quarter. And I don’t think we go beyond that in terms of characterizing the sort of month-to-month kind of results.
Ron Victor Josey – JMP Securities LLC: Great, makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Olson of Piper Jaffray. Your question please.
Mike J. Olson – Piper Jaffray, Inc.: All right, thanks. Good afternoon. Maybe the question on domestic and you come in at high end or above the high end of your domestic bookings growth over the last couple of quarter. And I think the midpoint of your domestic guidance 5% to 10% would suggest kind of 400 to 500 basis point declaration, is there anything that you expect to change during the quarter or is that you are already seeing that, they have changed in the quarter that leads you expect the sell or is it just more conservatism? Thanks.
Jeffery H. Boyd: It’s just declaration in the business. We think it was a great quarter in Q2 and we think the guidance for Q3 is strong, top end of that range would be very similar to the growth that was delivered in Q2. So really nothing in particular there Mike, they were crawling out, but just the expectation for some declaration.
Mike J. Olson – Piper Jaffray, Inc.: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Heath Terry of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Heath P. Terry – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Jeff, I know you get a lot of questions around mobile. I’m curious if you take a step back and look at the broader impact that you see mobile having particularly in the cost of customer acquisition, as well as adding incremental users, especially now that KAYAK is sort of in-house. Are you noticing that mobile in general is driving to you a newer or different customer base and you’ve typically seen online, and is it doing it either a different cost to customer acquisition or do those customers have kind of a different economic profile?
Jeffery H. Boyd:  Heath, I think it really, it’s still too early to say with certainty how mobile advertising and mobile customer flows are going to change acquisition cost. There's a couple of things that are still in play that we and others haven’t figured out. First of all, I think, most major brands are investing heavily in mobile to make sure that they understand how the channel works and that they are holding share and that they are not missing something, and those levels of spend and the efficiency of those spends, may not be steady state. They maybe more aggressively spending in the early days of the development of the marketplace to build the capacity and the confidence to win in that marketplace over the long-term, but you really don’t know what the steady state spend is going to be, because we’re still early days. Second thing we don’t know is how sticky ultimately the customer is and I think that you could hypothesize that ad customers, for example, would be sticker. If you get them to download and use the app, you don’t have to pay for them again therefore. They would have high lifetime value relative to advertising costs. And those theories are being acted out not just in the travel space, but all over the Internet trying to figure out what the real value of an app download is and how to drive one that’s effective in terms of the usage. And again, I just think it’s too early to map that out. And finally, a lot of this activity doesn’t happen exclusively on the mobile device, and people are still trying to figure out how to attribute marketing spend that results in a search on a mobile phone and a booking on the desktop or vice versa, and that’s stuff that we’re looking at and we’ll get a lot better at. So I think this is a field that is new, exciting. It’s going to change and we’re very hopeful that we’ll be able to execute effectively and build a nice loyal customer following in mobile, but I really couldn’t tell you right now, whether it’s over the long haul going to make our customer acquisition costs go up or go down.
Heath P. Terry – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Nice. I appreciate that. That’s really helpful. One other question, you’ve been able to – a lot of focus obviously on advertising deleverage, but you’ve been able to get for that additional advertising accelerating growth particularly from a bookings perspective. Can you gauge for us your willingness to push that growth accelerator forward particularly as at least some of your competitors seem to be maybe pulling back a little bit?
Jeffery H. Boyd: I think that we will try to be consistent and sustainable. Those are the two things that we would try to focus on. We’re an opportunistic company. So if there’s an opportunity to build business with these inefficiencies, we’ll take it. But we want to make sure that we have a disciplined approach that we apply across channels and that we can stick with as the channels change and we want it to be sustainable. It’s just like offline advertising. You’re not going to accomplish anything if you spend a tremendous amount of money in a given year, but then you can’t spend that money in a future year. And by the way, there has been some variability in the television spend of our competition, as they are trying to work their way through that. That variability doesn’t seem to serve a brand well. You want to have an advertising program that is sustainable overtime. So that whatever benefits you get from building your brand in the consumers’ mind, you can continue to reinforce and maintain.
Heath P. Terry – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks, Jeff. I really appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Douglas Anmuth of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Douglas T. Anmuth – JPMorgan Securities, LLC: My question, Jeff, I was hoping if you could help us understand the reasons for the KAYAK slowdown that we’ve seen over the last few quarters and then also how are you thinking about the booking path for KAYAK strategically going forward? Thanks.
Jeffery H. Boyd: So with respect to KAYAK’s revenue, I probably not going to say much more than what’s been reported publicly in the separate financials and the disclosures that Dan gave you because inter-company advertising with KAYAK is eliminated. You really can’t get a good impression of the revenue trajectory just by looking at the stub revenue we reported and because we are continuing to evaluate how our brands work with KAYAK, and I think it’s fair to say, traditionally that Priceline Group brands were under represented in KAYAK’s products, that we didn’t sort of fight through our weight in their various marketplaces and now that we’re one company, of course, we want to make sure that we have a reasonable share of KAYAK’s business given the size of our brands and that will benefit both our brands and KAYAK. I think that’s sort of how as far as we really want to go on that.
Douglas T. Anmuth – JPMorgan Securities, LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from Tom White of Macquarie. Your question please.
Tom Cauthorn White – Macquarie Capital, Inc.: Thanks for taking my question. Firstly on EBITDA margins, I was wondering if maybe you guys could talk about whether your margin expectations for the business, say over the next couple of years, have changed in anyway, given the fact that your overall unit growth rates haven’t really decelerated to extend. You guys have sort of talked about it in the past. I understand you guys are making the investments in new geographies, but how should we think about, I guess, overall leverage in the model over the next couple of years? And then just quickly on China, it’s been about a year since you announced the Ctrip partnership. Any updated learnings you can share about the market there or how’s your view on how you want to participate in that market longer term change in anyway? Thanks.
Jeffery H. Boyd: I think with respect to long-term margins, I don’t have any particular guidance for you. I can give you an historical perspective, which might be helpful for you coming to your own conclusions about where you think it’s going to go. For many years, we were very fortunate to be able to hold or even improve margins as the business grew at very high rates and we felt that at that point in time, we are investing adequately in the business and we were building very substantial share gains in the course of those years and at that time, we said it was our goal to deliver growing business and to essentially maintain our margins. We haven’t been saying that for the last couple of years and I think that reflects the statement that I’ve been making now for many quarters that to the degree that we think it’s necessary to invest in people or in marketing or technology, to basically capitalize on the global growth opportunity that we have, we are willing to do so. And we will tip the balance between trying to improve operating margins versus growing the franchises where the opportunities are so attractive and important. We’re going to tip the balance in favor of growing and I think that’s particularly the right strategy for our Group, given the fact that our absolute margins are so much higher than our nearest competitor. We’ve got the resources to do it, and shame on us, if we didn’t capitalize on that asset and use it to our greatest advantage. I’ve also said that we don’t foresee a situation where we’re forced to completely capitulate on margins, and not be able to deliver earnings growth as we invest in the business. I think the model is still robust enough to do that, and in fact, we are doing it. So I don’t foresee the time when we’re in a position of an Amazon, where the things that they are working on are so big and costly and obviously, have such massive potential, that they are prepared for a period of time to, in effect, reinvest all of their earnings growth in those new opportunities. I don’t see us sustaining in that position, at least not in the foreseeable future.
Tom Cauthorn White – Macquarie Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Jeffery H. Boyd: And I guess there was question about China there, a second question. Dan, why don’t you …
Daniel J. Finnegan: So we’ve had the partnership with Ctrip for the past year, and we’re happy with the results to-date. Our approach in China remains pretty consistent, which is continuing to add hotels in China to our extranet for Booking.com and for Agoda.com. We’ve had good success with inbound travel into China and we’ve also had good success with Chinese travelers traveling within APAC and outside of the region. And so we hope that overtime, we can continue to build our supply there, and build our brand recognition with Chinese travelers and participate to a greater extent in the domestic market as well.
Tom Cauthorn White – Macquarie Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks for the color, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney of RBC Capital Markets. Your question, please.
Mark S. Mahaney – RBC Capital Markets LLC: Please first, if you could talk a little bit about the rentalcars.com strategy extended their cross-selling opportunity, the unit economics how attractive that segment is versus your core business. And then secondly, Jeff, you described the U.S. advertising, the brand support TV ad support for Booking.com is experimental. But it sounds like you’re also making the comment that sustained branding helps businesses. So when does the experimental stage end and when do you go to full-fledged advertising support for Booking.com in the U.S.? Thank you.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Okay. Thank you, Mark. So with respect to rentalcars.com, their business model is to build out a global platform for rental cars, much the way that Booking.com has done for hotels and it’s a very similar approach, one product simple website focused on conversation, and with significant investment in online marketing to support building the customer base. The unit economics for the rental car business flow, probably not as attractive to a degree as hotels might be, are certainly attractive, especially in the international markets to support that strategy, and you’ve seen the unit growth of that we’ve been reporting for rental cars groupline rentalcars.com is a big part of it, and doing very, very well. Cross-sell has been a piece of that. rentalcars.com is an option post-transaction for Booking.com customers. It also provides some support for the U.S. customers at priceline.com. And over time, it will advertise and be available on KAYAK. and so we’ll promote cross-sell where we can, Agoda as well. Keep in mind that because our biggest business is hotel, the cross-sell opportunity, while a valuable and good opportunity, is not huge, because the cross-sell from hotel to rental car is not as material as it is, for example, the cross-sell from an airline ticket here in the United States to rental car, but an opportunity that we value and that we’re pursuing. With respect to Booking.com, when does it not become an experiment, I think, that the cultural of Booking.com is that everything is an experiment permanently and that you’re always evaluating what the return on investment is, and all of the quantitative aspects of the spend and the impact on traffic and conversion on the website. Having said that, Booking.com is going to have a decision to make as early as the end of this year, as to whether they continue the campaign next year and that decision hasn’t been made yet, but as I said, previously in my prepared remarks, we think the ads are contributing to the growth that Booking.com is seeing here in the United States and we’re happy with the results so far.
Mark S. Mahaney – RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks a lot, Jeff.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald of Jefferies. Your question please.
Brian P. Fitzgerald – Jefferies LLC: As the industry is pushing on the various marketing channels; offline, online, display, search et cetera, are you seeing a different dynamics in terms of conversion rates? And then maybe a little more specifically on mobile, are those conversion rates inflecting up or is it still more browsing in that channel? Thanks.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Dan, you want to handle on?
Daniel J. Finnegan: Yeah, we don’t disclose our conversion rates by channel, Brian. It’s one of the areas that I think is a key area of competency for us. We’ve got very well converting websites, and it’s one of our key efforts everyday is to continuously improve the experience for our customers on our website and continue to add contents to continue to push that conversion upward. In mobile, it’s more challenging, because you got a smaller screen, and it’s still earlier days. so as Jeff pointed to earlier when we’re still learning there, what’s the best way to acquire traffic, and then continuously improving from a much earlier, from a much more recent starting point, the experience for our customers as they land on those smaller screens. So it’s ongoing, and we hope that given the expertise we’ve developed over the years in desktop that we can transfer that to the smaller screen, and also give our customers a great experience there.
Brian P. Fitzgerald – Jefferies LLC:  Great, guys. thanks for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Millman of Millman Research. Your line is open, sir.
Michael Millman – Millman Research Associates: Okay. I was wondering a couple of things, one, on Expedia’s transaction, preference, promotion or maybe more than promotion, practice. If you’re seeing any effect on volume or margins, secondly, on rental cars, as maybe you can separate the U.S. and Europe in terms of availability and year-over-year price and even look at that in terms of retail and express and maybe, if there’s any, mainly on price, and just maybe, you can help with why the cost of revenues in the quarter was down? Thank you.
Jeffery H. Boyd:  So Michael, maybe, I’ll try the first couple, and then Dan can address the cost of revenue question. So I think that the first question you are referring to Expedia’s Traveler Preference program, which is the program where they offer consumers the ability to book agency or merchant with the same hotel, depending on what the traveler, whether they prefer to pay upfront or pay at the hotel. Expedia has been rolling that out. I think it’s benefited their results. and so that’s something that seems to be the case according to the disclosures that they have made. It’s hard to tell whether that has had an impact on our businesses, as you’ve seen the results that we’ve reported they’ve been fairly consistent. and I think we’re still in a position where we’re gaining share, despite the launch of that program, Expedia’s got a lot of more hotels to put in it. We have a similar program here at Priceline.com in the United States where you can book both merchant and agency for the same hotel, depending on Traveler Preference and we’ve been doing that for a couple of years now. and we think it’s a good feature. But I don’t think that feature by itself has really changed Priceline’s position in the U.S. marketplace.
 :
Daniel J. Finnegan: Michael, the cost of revenue decrease is driven by Name Your Own Price hotel business. That business is continuing to decline and we recorded in our income statement on a growth basis. So the total value of the transaction is in revenue and then the cost that we pass on to the supplier is in cost of revenue and the decline there is what’s driving the decrease in that line item.
Michael Millman – Millman Research Associates: Okay. Thank you.
Daniel J. Finnegan: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Sena of Evercore Partners. Your question please.
Ken Sena – Evercore Partners: I was hoping that maybe on some of the unit growth figures, you could maybe talk a little bit about the impact of KAYAK and what it had in the quarter, and maybe if you could just provide it sort of on a pro forma basis? Thanks.
Jeffery H. Boyd: We’re not going to disclose the specific inter-company unit transaction trends between our group brands and KAYAK.
Daniel J. Finnegan: And just to be clear, there is no room night bookings for KAYAK itself, it would just be through referrals to other group brands, but nothing in our unit growth is specific to the KAYAK acquisition.
Ken Sena – Evercore Partners: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the Scott Kessler of S&P Capital. Your question, please.
Scott H. Kessler – Standard & Poor’s Investment Advisory Services LLC: Hi, thanks a lot. There has been some discussion about Asia, and I’m wondering if you could provide some additional, I guess details about how you think Agoda is doing, you obviously spoke to the alliance with Ctrip, but any additional details as to opportunities that you see, the nature of the competitive environment, the pace of growth that the market and you are experiencing there. Any additional information would be appreciated, thanks.
Jeffery H. Boyd: As we mentioned previously, Asia is a very attractive market for Booking.com and Agoda. I think we are fortunate to have two very strong brands that have emphasis in different parts of the market with Agoda serving; a vast majority of its customers are APAC travelers traveling in the APAC region, whereas Booking.com has a lot more international travelers coming in to the region from outside. We are very pleased with the trajectory for both of those businesses. We haven’t given color on unit growth rates for Agoda for a long, long time. What we have said with respect to those markets though as that they generally are growing faster for the group than our core markets and that continues to be the case. So we are comfortable and encouraged by what we are seeing there for both Agoda and for Booking.com.
Scott H. Kessler – Standard & Poor’s Investment Advisory Services LLC: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Justin Post of Merrill Lynch. Your line is open, sir.
Justin Post – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Jeff, as you look out across your pipeline of hotels, or just look at your share versus offline in Europe and Asia, do you feel like you still have plenty of growth ahead as you look out a couple of years, maybe give us a big picture of where you are today versus a couple of years ago on that front? And what would you do if the day ever came that you kind of fully penetrated on the hotel market? And then on the KAYAK side, I know you can’t give us specifics, but it is the KAYAK acquisition material for gross profit guidance or for your booking guidance in 3Q. Thank you.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Okay. Well, I’ll handle the first one Justin, and Dan, you can handle the question on KAYAK. If you look at the growth that Booking.com has been able to maintain for several quarters now, improving its inventory of hotel and accommodation supplies by 40% year-over-year in the second quarter. It shows that we are still able to add significant properties to the platform. I’ve said before and I’ll repeat that there is a diminishing return that those properties tend to be smaller, have less rooms, and potentially not as wide appeal is some of the properties that are already on the program, but there is still a lot of room to add supply. And by definition the supply we are adding is our accommodations and hotels where we have zero penetration, and so there is real opportunity to build our penetration in those properties. There have been things published and we published a year or two ago a number from Eurostat trying to get arms around what the market opportunity is and suffice it to say that we are not going to be in the business of doing that just because it’s so hard to get data on how many hotels there are and how many nights you have stayed in those hotels on a global basis. But we certainly believe that there is a substantial opportunity for all of our brands to continue to grow their business.
 : So it’s just a lot of, at least in our opinion a lot of opportunity out there for us to continue to build the business. And the new market strategy where we continue to invest in these new markets and try to build them aggressively, so they get to deal a larger size and they haven’t made more of a difference on total gross bookings, as continued to serve us well and we’ll be focused there also.
Daniel J. Finnegan:
 :
 :
Justin Post – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. I appreciate that. May be one quick follow-up. Could Kayak help the other Priceline brands as you utilize it more or will that be kind of a small impact do you think?
Jeffery H. Boyd: I just definitely can help to a degree that our brands are more effective in advertising on KAYAK that will generate bookings and gross profit for those brands and market share for those brands, so it absolutely can help. And KAYAK is a big player here in the United States, and so for the U.S. business, the referrals from KAYAK definitely matter. And hopefully, there will be a very big business in Europe and globally over time and that will matter too. And in the future right now, it’s relatively smaller in the international markets.
Justin Post – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. I appreciate it.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Nowak of Susquehanna. Your question please.
Brian T. Nowak – Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Just going back to KAYAK and how you think about growing it from here. Do you think the KAYAK current offering is strong enough to compete and win that traffic, or do you think you need to add more content to it like the reviews or other content from Booking.com? They really improved a visitor value proposition. And then secondly, you talked a bit about non-European trends and the strength in the global conversion machine, I was wondering, we talked roughly about where you are in terms of conversion in the U.S. and the emerging markets, compared to your conversion rates, your more mature markets. And then, is there anything you are seeing so far that makes you think that Booking.com conversion in these new regions, couldn’t reach the same levels that they are in Europe? Thanks.
Jeffery H. Boyd:  So with respect to KAYAK, I think their content today is excellent and their business continues to perform well in the United States and outside the United States. You can expect them to continue to optimize experiment, add content over time, but that will be based on their view of the business as they develop it, and it’s certainly a benefit to KAYAK to have potentially accessed to the substantial content that our other brands have to offer, but remains to be seen, how or if that would be applied. With respect to conversion, I don’t think, I wouldn’t want to speculate as to what would happen to website conversion overtime in markets. We have experienced improving brand recognition and business results as Booking.com and Agoda have expanded their businesses organically, same thing with rentalcars.com. So it would not be unusual to enter into a new market with a relatively unknown brand and have to invest significantly in marketing to build up the brand recognition to get you to a point of where your efficiency starts to get where you need them to be for a sustainable steady state business development. But I wouldn’t go beyond that in terms of trying to predict what’s going to happen in the marketplace from here on in.
Brian T. Nowak – Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Eric Sheridan of UBS. Your line is open, sir.
Eric J. Sheridan – UBS Securities LLC: I guess, following on some of the questions on marketing as well. Jeff, how you guys grow valuable time you’re thinking about lifetime value of customers? I think that’s the biggest question we get from investors is, some of these platforms continue to evolve and move down the advertising funnel, how it will impact your decisions and your analytics around what they’re delivering to you as opposed to what they’re delivering today? Thanks.
Jeffery H. Boyd:  I think the only color I could give you there is that we spend money in online channels to build our brand and to bring in customers that we have a chance of making loyal customers that will come back to us directly, and not all – not all platforms work alike as you look at those, but as you look at that ultimate objective that we have in bringing customers into website. So as a, for instance, a white label relationship where nobody sees your brand as relatively less value than an integrated relationship where people are seeing your brand on another website and then actually coming to your website and experiencing your selection, your user interface, and ultimately your customer service. So those factors or things that we absolutely look at, I wouldn’t say there has been a sea change in how we look at those factors. We evaluate each advertising channel on its own merits and that's been part of our discipline for a long time.
Eric J. Sheridan – UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question for the hour comes from Aaron Kessler of Raymond James. Your line is open.
Aaron Kessler – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great, thanks, guys. Couple questions, I may have missed it, but did you give an ADR forecast? And secondly, I think you can talk a little bit about in terms of Booking.com and a Priceline integrating inventory on the back end in the U.S. as well. Thank you.
Jeffery H. Boyd: The ADR forecast Aaron was globally the hours of about 1% for Q3. And Aaron if you could clarify that second question?
Aaron Kessler – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: I guess, maybe in terms of how many Booking.com and Priceline work together in terms of integrating supply in the U.S. for a hotel supply?
Jeffery H. Boyd: Today, Booking.com and Priceline have separate and distinct inventory, separate and distinct contracting staffs, different people that approach the hotel. The Priceline.com for years has offered Booking.com inventory as an option. That was done originally to accommodate travelers who were traveling from the United States to Europe, and has grown to be a broader relationship where global inventory is available to Priceline’s U.S. customers and Booking.com’s inventory in the United States is available for Priceline customers as well who may want to book an agency property. And we’re pleased with the way that integration is going over the years and we think it’s been hopeful to both businesses and we expect it to continue.
Aaron Kessler – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then finally, can you just make a comment on the opportunity for KAYAK to expand greater in Europe, it seems like they are mainly a U.S. centric site, but what’s the opportunity to make it much bigger internationally?
Jeffery H. Boyd: I think as we said when we made the acquisition there is an opportunity to try to help KAYAK build its business around the world more quickly, more aggressively than it was able to do as a separate company. We have resources and assets in terms of operating businesses in a lot of these markets where we can be helpful in getting KAYAK up and running. And there is a lot of information that we can share on things that worked in markets for our brands, and obviously we can provide content for KAYAK’s customers. So that’s somethings where we think we can be helpful and we intend to work to hopefully create a successful global expansion for KAYAK. 
Aaron Kessler – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, I would like to turn the call back over to our speakers for any closing remarks.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Thank you all very much for participating in the call.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen that does conclude your program. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-09 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeffery Boyd - Chief Executive Officer Daniel Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Eric Sheridan - UBS Brian Fitzgerald - Jefferies Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray Tom White - Macquarie Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ron Josey - JMP Securities Scott Devitt - Morgan Stanley Douglas Anmuth - JPMorgan Aaron Kessler - Raymond James Stephen Ju - Credit Suisse Bill Lennan - Monness Crespi Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company
Operator: Welcome to the Priceline Group’s First Quarter 2013 Conference Call. Priceline would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements.  For a list of factors that could cause Priceline’s actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of Priceline’s earnings press release, as well as Priceline’s most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Priceline undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. A copy of Priceline's earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement is available in the investor relations section of Priceline's website located at www.priceline.com. And now I'd like to introduce the Priceline Group speakers for this afternoon, Jeffrey Boyd and Daniel Finnegan. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Jeffery Boyd: Thank you. Welcome to Priceline's First Quarter Conference Call. I'm here with Priceline's CFO, Dan Finnegan. I will make some opening remarks and Dan will give a detailed financial review. After the prepared portion, we will take questions. The Priceline Group reported consolidated gross bookings for the first quarter of approximately $9.2 billion, up 36% year-over-year. Non-GAAP net income was $297 million or $5.76 per share, up 35% versus prior year. First quarter results surpassed FactSet consensus estimates of $5.27 per share and our guidance for the quarter. Worldwide hotel room night reservations were $63.2 million for the quarter, up 38% year-over-year. Our international business recorded 43% gross bookings growth on a local currency basis consistent with Q4’s growth rate. Hotel room night growth rates in the latter part of the quarter were better than expected as our forecast for deceleration proved conservative. Growth rates benefited from good results in Europe and continued high growth rates in Asia Pacific and the Americas. International gross bookings also benefited generally from growth in hotel supply and strong results at Rentalcars.com. Booking.com's platform now has over 295,000 hotels and other accommodations, up 40% over last year. Booking.com’s growth in Europe has held up well despite the weak economic conditions, particularly in Southern countries and negative news cycles relating to the politics of the debt crisis. Absolute transaction on local currency growth rates in Europe and non-Europe were steady on average in Q1, leading to no deceleration in room night growth for the consolidated group and we believe market share gains. Booking.com continued its aggressive development of markets outside Europe. These markets continue to grow faster than the core European markets, contributing more to overall growth as they become a larger percentage of the whole business. Investment in this effort includes people to build their hotel supply and marketing spend, including Booking.com’s offline marketing experiment in the United States. We are pleased with the results of these efforts today and with the resulting levels of room night growth we have sustained over the last year. Agoda delivered good room night growth in the quarter and is building a leadership position in many of its Asia Pacific markets, particularly for Asia Pacific bookers. With Agoda and Booking.com whose APAC business does particularly well within international bookers, we believe the group has build a valuable franchise in this part of the world with attractive prospects as the region grows. Priceline’s domestic gross bookings grew 9% in the first quarter due to growth in domestic rental car reservations as well as improved hotel room night gross bookings aided by growth in the Express Deals service. We are pleased with priceline.com’s progress building Express Deals and the response to its new ad campaign featuring William Shatner and Kaley Cuoco. Merchant gross bookings growth of 27% continues to reflect growth at Agoda and Rentalcars.com. Growth in rental car days increased sequentially from 37% to 43% driven by strong growth at Rentalcars.com and improved results at priceline.com. While the first quarter is seasonally the smallest earnings quarter for Rentalcars.com, the business continued to perform well as it builds out its international footprint. We have now received the necessary approvals for the KAYAK transaction and currently expect to close the transaction on May 21st. As we’ve said before, consistent with our history with Booking.com, Agoda and Rentalcars.com, KAYAK will be operated independently by current management and we’re excited to welcome them to the group. The Group’s business performance exceeded expectations in the quarter and pressure on operating margins in the first quarter did not materialize to the degree of forecast. As you know, it is difficult to forecast future marketing efficiencies, given changing business mix and competitive and seasonal factors. However, it is important to keep in mind this quarter, the quarter variability and operating margins is not reflective of any change in our philosophy of building our business and brands by investing in geographic expansions supply, product and service innovation and customer acquisition, or how we carry out that philosophy. I want to thank our employees around the world for their hard work and dedication. I will now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review.
Daniel Finnegan: Thanks Jeff. I will discuss some of the highlights and operating results and cash flows for the quarter and then provide guidance for the second quarter of 2013. Growth rates mentioned in my remarks are in relation to the prior year comparable period unless otherwise indicated. Q1 was a strong quarter from a top line perspective. Hotel room nights books grew by 38% in the first quarter consistent with the unit growth rate achieved in Q4.  Our international business saw a solid growth rates in all our key markets. Our priceline.com business achieved accelerating retail and opaque room night growth in the quarter. Average daily rates or ADRs for Q1 2013 were up on a local currency basis by about 1% for the consolidated group. Rental car days also were up by 43% accelerating compared to the Q4 growth rate of 37%. Rentalcars.com and priceline.com’s rental car services both posted strong quarters. For the first quarter compared to prior year, the FX rate for the euro to the U.S. was favorable by less than 1% and the FX rate for the British pound to the U.S. dollar was unfavorable by about 2%. As a result, the currency exchange rate did not have much impact on our year-over-year growth rate expressed in U.S. dollars for gross bookings, revenue, gross profit, adjusted EBITDA and net income. In summary, strong unit growth rates drove Q4 gross bookings growth of 36%.  Our Q1 international gross bookings grew by 43% in US dollars and on a local currency basis. Gross bookings grew by 9% for our priceline.com brand business in the U.S. Good performance in both retail and opaque reservations services contributed to year-over-year growth. The acceleration of growth compared to the 4% growth rate for Q4 was driven primarily hotel and rental car reservations.  Non-GAAP gross profit for the quarter was $1.03 billion and grew 39% as compared to prior year. GAAP gross profit for the quarter was $1.01 billion and grew 46% as compared to prior year. GAAP gross profit includes an accrual in Q1 in the amount of $20.5 million for travel transaction taxes. Primarily related to unfavorable ruling in the State of Hawaii and the District of Columbia, non-GAAP gross profit, non-GAAP operating income, adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP net income are adjusted to exclude the impact of the charge. Consistent with past practice, we exclude significant charges and credits for judgments, rulings, and settlements related to travel transaction taxes, because the amount and timing of these items are unpredictable, not driven by core operating results and render comparisons with prior periods less meaningful. Year over year gross profit growth was helped to an extent by Easter falling on March 31st this year which resulted in some revenue related to the holiday shifting into Q1. Non-GAAP operating income as a percentage of non-GAAP gross profit amounted to 35.1% for Q1 compared to 35.8% for the prior year Q1. The operating margin declined by 70 bps compared to prior year, but was better than our guidance forecast. Margins were impacted mainly by de-leverage in advertising expense. Online advertising grew faster than gross profit due to lower year over year advertising ROIs and the continued mix shift in our business to our international brands which drive their business to a greater degree through online advertising. In addition, we continued to experience faster growth in paid channels for certain of our brands.  We launched our first Booking.com TV advertising campaign in the US in Q1 which also contributed to the pressure on operating margins versus prior year. On the positive side, operating margins were better than our forecast due to less online advertising de-leverage than forecasted and some favourability in other operating expenses. In addition, the aforementioned shift to some Easter gross profit into Q1 benefitted operating margins in Q1 and we exert pressure on operating margins in Q2 in each case compared to the prior year.  Adjusted EBITDA for Q1 amounted to $368 million, which exceeded our guidance range of $316 million to $346 million and represents 36% growth versus prior year. Non-GAAP net income grew by 35%, including a higher year-over-year cash tax rate due to growth in our international operations relative to our U.S. business, which has a lower cash income tax rate due to our U.S. NOL. In terms of cash flow, we generated approximately $183 million of cash from operations during the first quarter of 2013, which is about flat with last year. We prepaid income taxes of $220 million in the quarter for Booking.com and return for an early payment cash discount. We made a similar prepayment last year in the amount of $166 million. These taxes would otherwise have been paid monthly over the year and so subsequent quarters of the year will have a lower payment burden as a result. We spent about $15 million on CapEx in the quarter. Our cash and investments of $5.2 billion as of March 31, 2013, is available for general corporate purposes, including share repurchases, acquisitions and debt repayments. Now for second quarter 2013 guidance. We are forecasting total gross bookings to grow by 30% to 37%, and to grow on a local currency basis by approximately 27% to 34% with U.S. gross bookings growing by 5% to 10%. We expect international gross bookings expressed in U.S. dollars to grow by 36% to 43% and to grow on a local currency basis by approximately 33% to 40%. Our Q2 forecast assumes that local currency ADRs with consolidated group will be up -- less than 1% compared to prior year. Our Q2 forecast assumes that foreign exchange rates remain at the same $1.32 per euro and $1.56 per British pound, as yesterday’s closing rates, which would result an average exchange rates that would be stronger by about 3% for the euro and weaker by about 3% for the British pound as compared to the prior year. We have hedged contracts in place to substantially shield our second quarter EBITDA and net earnings from any fluctuation in the euro or the pound versus the dollar between now and the end of the quarter. But these hedges do not offset the impact of translation on our gross bookings, revenue, gross profit and operating income, and do not hedge our earnings beyond the second quarter. We expect Q2 revenue to grow year-over-year by approximately 15% to 22%, and gross profit dollars to grow by approximately 26% to 33%. We expect 400 to 500 bps of deleverage non-GAAP operating income as a percentage of gross profit compared to prior year. We assume that margins in Q2 will again be impacted by deleverage in online advertising expense due to lower year-over-year ROIs, business mix continuing to shift to our international brands and to pay channels for certain of our brands. We’ll also continue our investment in TV advertising in U.S. market for our Booking.com brand. Although this spend contributes to the pressure on operating margins in the near-term, we believe that investing in the growth of our biggest brand in such an important market will yield healthy return over the long-term. Our forecast reflects growth in personnel and other expenses as we continue to making investments necessary to keep our current and future growth. As I mentioned a moment ago, Q2 margins compared to prior year are expected to be slightly impacted by the shift of some Easter gross profit into Q1 in 2013. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $560 million and $595 million, which at the midpoint represent 17% growth versus prior year. We are targeting non-GAAP fully diluted EPS of approximately $8.87 to $9.45 per share, which at the midpoint represents 17% growth over prior year. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax rate of approximately 16%, comprised of international income taxes and alternative minimum tax and state income taxes in the U.S. Our non-GAAP EPS guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of 51.6 million shares based upon yesterday’s closing stock price of $735.27 per share -- for the stock. We forecast GAAP EPS of $7.87 to $8.45 per share for Q2. The difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP results is driven by non-GAAP adjustments that are detailed in our earnings release. As Jeff mentioned, we received final regulatory approval of the KAYAK acquisition earlier today. Our guidance for Q2 does not include Kayak or any related deal costs. We will include Kayak in our consolidated results from the expected May 21 closing date forward. We believe that the impact of the Kayak acquisition on our non-GAAP EPS for 2013 will be de minimis. We are pleased by the strong set of unit growth the group has delivered over the last several quarters and that is inherent in our forecast. Our guidance reflects our expectation for sequentially decelerating growth rates for a very large business comparing against high transaction growth rates. We are still concerned about economic conditions on a worldwide basis and in Europe in particular. Our forecast does not assume any material change in macroeconomic conditions in general and conditions in the consumer travel market in particular. Given the uncertainties surrounding worldwide economic conditions, particularly in Europe, where much of our business is concentrated, we believe the variability around our guidance is elevated. We’ll now take your questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Eric Sheridan of UBS. 
Eric Sheridan - UBS: Wanted to talk a little bit about Booking.com in the United States, and sort of early days what you are seeing there from your experience and how you are measuring return on the advertising spending in that market, and how you think about that type of brand advertising offline on a global basis going forward?
Jeffery Boyd: Eric, we are looking at this as an experiment where our approach will be to very carefully measure what the impact of the spend is not only on direct business to Booking.com but in the performance of the brand and the all other channels in which it advertisers aggressively. The results of that, that process of evaluating the data will take place over the course of the year and how we will proceed afterwards is will be driven by the data. Obviously the group has very substantial experience of advertising in the United States on the priceline.com brand and I think the team here has done a good job of very efficiently using a mix of offline and online to drive brand awareness and really effective online advertising and that’s ultimately -- the goal is to try to demonstrate that the Booking.com spend offline will have a positive ROI.  But we haven’t taken any decision to that, given the sort of stage and the process we are in. But as Dan and I both mentioned, we were happy with the results that we’ve seen in the booking.com business outside of the core European market, including North America. And we are excited to continue (inaudible).
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald of Jefferies.
Brian Fitzgerald - Jefferies: Consistency into the deleverage, yourself and other people in the industry are seeing across the advertising, if you had -- heading your head on, is it impacted more by perhaps Google or other industry competitive pressures, is there more the secular shift into emerging market and you want to get in front of a brand out there and so that’s a more costly advertising dollar?
Jeffery Boyd: I think it would be a mistake to try to attribute it to more or less anyone. We do -- we have a competitive marketplace and that’s certainly reflected in competition for clicks and keywords in some of the biggest and most popular travel markets. So we operate in, we have other markets where there is pressure on hotel average daily rates where there is lot of competition by local players where your brand may not be as strong and so convert as long as strong it is and up in markets where you have been operating for a longer time. So all those things have an impact as well as the unique competitive behaviour of each player in the space has got their own approach and their own specific goals they are trying to accomplish with their marketing spend.
Brian Fitzgerald - Jefferies: Great. Thanks Jeff.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Naved Khan of Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is open.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald: Thanks. Just a couple of questions. First, in the U.K. very tough comp because of the Olympics last year and then I have a follow up?
Jeffery Boyd: The -- I think the -- it’s always very difficult to assess the impact positive or negative of an event like the Olympics or World Cup Soccer. So I think its fair to say that we have in preparing our guidance made any real account for the fact that the Olympics were last year.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald: Okay. Thanks. And then just on mobile, can you talk about how, I know your different brands are performing relative to each other in terms the full penetration in the mobile channel and basically what you see out there?
Jeffery Boyd: I think that our brands are doing a good job in mobile. I think that the level of progress is different at different brands depending on the markets they are primarily operating in, the United States and Western Europe in particular I think we have outstanding apps in mobile functionality and the share of the business is being transacted and mobile channel is being growing very steadily, and I think compares well to some of the numbers that have been published out there by others in our space and similar spaces. We feel like we are pushing out distinctive functionality that’s attractive to users and its still relatively new markets, so we are very hard to try to figure out what the most sufficient distribution methods are and so forth. The hotel space is typically is first in line here and I think relatively more advanced than the rental car space and I don’t think that’s vastly difference between us and our competition, and obviously we’re primarily focus on hotel space because that’s our most important market.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Heath Terry of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs: I was wondering if you could give us a sense of where as booking grows outside of Europe and particularly grows in the U.S. sort of how you are macroeconomic exposure is changing, because obviously with booking growing in U.S. that still sort of falls under at least as we see it international revenue as that shifted enough that maybe there is a difference in where your real macro exposure lies versus the way things are presented in the financials?
Jeffery Boyd: Thank you, Heath. Our ultimate goal is to have the broadest possible diversification of macro risk which you can have with truly global business. Our more specific issue over the last couple of years has been the relatively high concentration of the Booking.com business in Europe as Europe is going through it issues concerning sovereign debt. And we have consistently said and shown that percentage of the business of Booking.com that is in Europe is shrinking every quarter just because it’s business outside of that region is growing faster than Europe business, and that condition and circumstance remains true for the first quarter. I think it’s a harder question to say, we therefore expose to different macroeconomic risk as our exposure in United States grows and as pure statement of fact, the answer to that is, yes, we have greater risk in United States as our business United States grows. But I’m much, much happier and I think it’s much better for the business as a whole to have a business that has ultimately probably diversified as a travel market that we serve and I think growing our business in the United States is necessary to accomplish that goal.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs: With the increase in marketing spending that we are seeing, we’re also seeing an increase in the rate of growth in bookings. And wonder to the extent that all of this focus around delverage on the advertising line has been there, should we continue to expect over time that we do see more of a top line benefit from these investments being made even if it’s on a delayed basis particularly around some of the offline advertising spend, like the television campaigns?
Jeffery Boyd: The way I would answer that is I think that we have gotten a very good performance from our colleagues who are managing the advertising both online and offline for our brands around the world. If you look at the absolute size of our business and to date I think what we could fairly describe is pretty modest deceleration of a very big business. I think the business as a whole is performing very, very well and balancing the desire to build the franchise and drive high level of growth on the one hand and deliver operating margin and profit to shareholders on the other hand.  If we could be criticized for how we are balancing that, I think the only fair criticism would be that we’re not spending in a hot and we are pushing too much towards the margin side. I am very comfortable with the balance we are striking and I tried to make it clear in my prepared remarks that neither the results that we are reporting nor what we are guiding to is representing any change of philosophy on our part. We are with our current course of speed, continue making the investments that we think will pay off, not just in terms of growth today but in terms of earnings down the road. And I think we are doing a decent job striking that balance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Olson of Piper Jaffray.
Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray: Indicated in your comments that you continue to see economic uncertainties in certain regions and that could result in very, very varying results, and that makes sense. But would you say that your level of concern related to economic uncertainty is higher than what it was when you reported Q4 three months ago or is it a level of uncertainty consistent with what you felt over the last three months? And I guess to add on to that, similarly you have a Q2 comp for international bookings growth that significantly easier than Q1, based on that other than kind of the large numbers, what are the regions that you anticipate a deceleration in international bookings growth for Q2?
Jeffery Boyd: So on the first question, the best way I can answer that is to say that we have been pleasantly surprised with the resilience of the travel and consumer that we serve, really in all our markets were times of economic uncertainty, travel is -- we’re leisure travel guys and it’s compelling activity and people are -- they are traveling and booking hotel rooms, and of course airline tickets, some really shaky economic circumstances. I don’t think it would be fair to say that I feel differently about that than or Dan feels differently about that than we did three months ago, I think it’s about the same and the language that we read in the script is exactly the same as what we read three months ago. So I think we feel the same but we are gratified by the resilience of the traveler worldwide. With respect to the second quarter comp, we looked at the performance of the business in the second quarter last year and the absolute growth rates that we achieved were in our opinion pretty impressive and we also delivered strong operating margins which represented an improvement year over year. And so we feel like that’s a very solid comp against which we have to perform this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom White of Macquarie.
Tom White - Macquarie: So you guys have talked about lower advertising ROIs year-over-year for the past few quarters. Independent of kind of geographic mixes, has there been any change in kind of its trajectory of those ROI declines? Are they worsening, are they stable and has there been any significant recent changes to what kind of what goes into that, say between cancelation rates, the bidding environment or your conversion rates? And then just quickly, offline advertising that looks like there is a little over $20 million in incremental spend versus 4Q is that kind of the new run rate that we should think about going forward? Thanks.
Daniel Finnegan: For the online advertising, ROIs, Tom, we didn’t pullout any significant change in trend there. Jeff pointed out last year. We had a very strong operating margin. We had decelerating growth rates last year. So that typically drives favorability in the margin because you’ve got checkouts that were booked in prior strong growth quarters and then deceleration generally ties together with lower spend in that quarter. So, I think that’s more of a driver, together we talked about a little bit of shift to ease the gross profit out of Q2 and into Q1 this year. Those would be the bigger factors in terms of margin deleverage from Q1 to Q2. In terms of offline advertising, we said that the runway would be similar to what you’ve seen in the past for Priceline and so that would be a good guide to look at there.
Tom White - Macquarie: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross Sandler of Deutsche Bank. Your question, please?
Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank: Thanks, guys. As you said two questions, one on the follow-up from the TV campaign and then one on search marketing. So on the TV campaign, do you guys have an idea of how Booking.com brand stacks up again, so we have a brand in Europe from an unaided awareness perspective given that you choose not to do brand building in those markets. And then on the search question, are you testing the new Google enhanced campaigns in any of your markets you attend? Couple of changes from Google, has there any impact on ROIs and what percent of your transactions are coming from tablet? Thank you.
Jeffery Boyd: With respect to the Booking.com brand awareness in Europe and other markets outside the United States, I don’t have that data with me. It’s something that we track and I would say Booking.com has done a great job of building awareness through its online campaigns in Europe and by virtue of the quality of its user experience and repeat customers. And I think it’s safe to say that the awareness that Booking.com enjoys in Europe, especially in the markets where it’s been operating for a long time is certainly ahead of what it is here in the United States. And the question is whether it’s an opportunity to take just to try to further improve that brand awareness is something that we continually think about. But I think we are approaching it in a thoughtful way to use a television market that we are very familiar with here in the United States in a very big homogenous advertising environment where you can just very, very efficiently get your message out and see what that does as I discussed before. With respect to Google enhanced campaigns, we typically are very active in advertising and testing and experimenting with all of the new opportunities and tools that Google provides to advertisers. I don’t have anything quantitative to say to you about how much that is and whether it’s good or bad. But we certainly are working with it and that’s just part of our everyday work with Google.
Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks. Two questions, please. First, on the rental cars business. I know you probably won’t quantify the contribution, but could you provide any more color around that business, the economics of that business, how it compares to some of the other products that you sell or any particular geographic regions where that rentalcars.com property is doing better? And then secondly, you recently put out a press release that indicated that mobile as a channel was something like mid-teens of our total bookings. It’s a pretty large number. Does that have any material impact one way or another on your advertising ROI, does an increase -- does the mix shift towards the mobile channels negatively or positively impacted investment in any material way?
Daniel Finnegan: So on the rental cars business, Mark, we don’t disclose a lot of data on that but we have said in the past that merchant businesses are typically kind of high teens margins and rentalcars.com also a healthy margin and a profitable business for us. It’s so particularly concentrated in Europe but the team has done a great job in expanding the business outside of Europe, they are expanding into US, Australia. So they continue to just expand into additional markets and perform very well and grow well within their core European market as well. And the business growth that we have seen with our other businesses, typically there is room for margin expansion together with that and we are pleased with the margins that the business has delivered to date. 
Jeffery Boyd: And Mark, with respect to mobile I am not sure about the press release that you quoted but I think we are -- we certainly are driving substantial share of the hotel business in particular through mobile. And we are very excited and pleased by how that’s going. With respect to the impact on advertising and maybe I can address a question that was also asked and I didn’t really cover in my answer, the search advertising in particular on mobile devices is in its very early days. And I think you’ve heard from others that when you look at -- tablet is a mobile device, it tends to look an awful like a desktop in terms of who is using it and where and what the experience is. And so now what we are seeing much more integration of search marketing programs that we are already involved in, on tablets today.  With respect to the handsets on the other hand, I think the search marketing is still very much in its early days. Like everybody else we are investing in it but I don’t believe that what’s going on in the mobile market right now is in any way a prime driver of our broad experience in terms of advertising efficiency. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Post of Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: First, I don’t know if you’d comment on this but does your outlook assume any deceleration in bookings growth or conversion rates on ad spend in the last two months of the quarter? We know it’s a very back end loaded quarter. And then secondly, on cash flow, use of the cash, post Kayak you’re going to have several billion dollars of cash, if you could tell us the amount you have and other strategic opportunities that you see, Jeff, looking forward in the international markets to kind of deploy that cash over time obviously can’t tell what you are thinking about. But do you see opportunities to use that cash or do you think about returning to shareholders?
Daniel Finnegan: We’re not going to parse it month by month for you Justin. We did say that our guidance does assume sequential deceleration and that’s generally been our mindset, as this is big business, it posted strong growth rates in the prior year. And so we assume sequential deceleration. We don’t talk about what we are seeing in for conversion, so we didn’t give any guidance there. Can’t really help you further with that, other than we gave you the broad advertising efficiency guidance.
Jeffery Boyd: And with respect to cash use, we do believe that there will be opportunities in the future to deploy our cash in our international cash in particular either through investing in the business and growing the business or in acquisitions and as you mentioned, I can’t get specific with that. But we do believe there are attractive businesses out there, we have been reasonably acquisitive as a company. We haven’t done but we are always very active in the market. And with respect to other uses of cash as we said before, we have been buyers of our common stock and repurchase from time to time. We have an authorization outstanding that is matter of public record, and that will continue to be the case but that’s something we evaluate from time to time.
Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ron Josey of JMP Securities. Your line is open.
Ron Josey - JMP Securities: Thank you for taking my question. I want to switch topics a little bit and talk a little about Asia and South America, particularly as we exited summer travel months in those geographies. And I’m wondering if you can talk a little bit about maybe what you saw this past summer season down there versus the other prior year, maybe in terms of like share gains and growth? Thank you.
Jeffery Boyd: I think those markets continued to be very, very attractive markets, as internet penetration grows and as they benefit from fundamental economic growth and gaining affluence. Couple of comments. I think we did well in both markets based on the data available to us in terms of market share. We are comfortable with how we are proceeding. There are couple of specific challenges in those markets that we and I think everybody else has to deal with in Asia Pacific. It’s a very, very competitive market. And as we’ve said in previous calls, the absolute economics in terms of the pricing of hotels and the competition down there makes it potentially more expensive to those with brand. We are happy and prepared to bear that expanse. But that’s definitely a condition in the market place because, as I’ve said in my prepared remarks I think between Agoda and Booking.com, we are building an outstanding franchise in that region. And with respect to South America, there are unique operational issues that are brought there. They are particularly in Argentina where the government policy is very, very disruptive to international businesses. It makes it very, very difficult to bring people into the country to help build the business, obviously makes it very difficult to repatriate earnings. It’s just a very challenging environment for businesses in Argentina and that’s something that we all have to deal with. Having said that, we are working very hard to build our business there. We have a very natural position from which to build because we have so many customers both in Europe and North America who have logical links in travel to South America, and that’s a great footprint from which we can build to go and there with really great market share of international travelers who were in the region. And I think that’s been an advantage for us that those operational challenges are there.
Ron Josey - JMP Securities: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Devitt of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Scott Devitt - Morgan Stanley: I was wondering, Jeff, if you could talk about the -- any greater competition from Expedia that you are seeing, as it relates to the agency program they’ve launched in Europe and any affect that that could be having on CP season in Europe? And then secondly, I think you referenced multiple times on the call to strength the rental cars business and Expedia had noted some weakness due to supply constraints and wonder if you have any view on the differences there in your business versus what the experienced in the quarter? Thank you.
Jeffery Boyd: For, Scott, on the competition question, Expedia is a very strong company and they’ve been competing very aggressively against us for quite some time. Their agency program dates back to the acquisition of Venere, which is many years ago now. So, we think we’ve been doing a decent job in the phase of very robust competition from Expedia. With respect to Expedia Traveler Preference, that program even thought they have been out for a while in terms of hotels that are fully involved. And it’s still a pretty small number. So they’ve got lot of hotels that are providing agency, but the number there providing both and offered on a combined basis is relatively small compared to 295,000 hotels and book.com is operating with. We’ve had experience with product here in the United States because we offered it on priceline.com. We think we understand how it works and we are comfortable that we’ve got the product and service to compete very effectively with that going forward. I can’t answer the question as to whether that particular programs have any impact -- having any impact on how they are behaving in online marketplaces, we don’t know that and just can’t ascertain that based on the data that we have in the marketplace. With respect to rental cars, we are operating a different business from Expedia, Rentalcars.com is a little bit of a different animal than Expedia or Hotwire, although I do know that Expedia owns carentals.com but I think that the market footprint of Rentalcars.com is quite different and has been on a very nice consistent growth path since we acquired and we are happy with what we are seeing there. With respect to the domestic rental car market, we’ve had good results in the quarter, as Dan mentioned for domestic rental car and we can really only speak for ourselves and what we're seeing. But we did -- we had a good quarter, the performance of the domestic rental car business actually improved sequentially and we were pleased with what we saw.
Operator: Our next question comes from Douglas Anmuth of JPMorgan.
Douglas Anmuth - JPMorgan: I just wanted to ask a high level, how you think going forward about the margin compression once you start to lap your increased level of spending?
Daniel Finnegan: Doug, Jeff said I think in our last call and I will say it again. Just mathematically as we start the comp against Q3 and Q4 where our ROIs were under pressure and we saw that our margins coming down year over year. That will provide an easier comp. So we’re not going to give guidance beyond this one quarter but just from a mathematical perspective that’s clearly an easier comp for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from [Kim Shah] of Evercore Partners.
Unidentified Analyst: Just in your prepared remarks you talked about room night growth and your belief that you were gaining share. And I was just wondering if you could provide a little bit more about your confidence in that and also any specific territories where that might be happening more than others?
Jeffery Boyd: Our share gain comment is based on best information we have at the highest level, we see the absolute growth rates that our competition is reporting and we see our growth rates being higher and at the very highest level we say okay, we probably got some share there. Our folks out in the field have their own data but we don’t have anything that is more specific than that, than we would try to if you are on a conference call.
Operator: Our next question comes from Aaron Kessler of Raymond James.
Aaron Kessler - Raymond James: A couple of questions, first, can you comment a little more just on the express deals, looks like you may be pushing that little more on your site, just how you view that versus kind of name your own price going forward, and just curious your thoughts about the vacation rental market, how you view that market and it looks like you may be going down (inaudible) add more inventories that way?
Daniel Finnegan: So we have definitely worked hard to find the optimal way to promote express deals on a website, and that is a function of continuous experimentation to see what gives us the best conversion. We have fabulous group of really loyal name your own price customers who want to use that product who are comfortable with it, who feel they can find the best savings and we want to make it as easy as possible for them to find what they find do so. We’ve got a very strong desire to serve our name your own price loyalists but we also want to make sure that a new customer coming into the website understands where to find Express Deals and that’s especially in the case for somebody who may not be comfortable bidding. So it’s really, it’s a process of experimentation and what you see today is going be different a month from now. And hopefully, we’ll be engaged in a process where we’re just constantly making that presentation better and more engaging for the consumer.
Daniel Finnegan: And in terms of our vacation rentals, Booking.com has done a great job over the last few years. It changed our language a little bit. We used to talk about hotel count and now we talk about hotel and other accommodations. So they have been fanning out and padding bed and breakfast in hostels and guest apartments to the website. And our hope overtime is that we would continue to add all types of properties that our customers are interested in staying in and can be booked over the Internet. So I think we’ll continue down that path and they’ve done a great job till now.
Aaron Kessler - Raymond James: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stephen Ju of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Stephen Ju - Credit Suisse: Jeff, interested in what you said earlier about not spending enough. Do you feel like the market is globally are ripe enough that you might be walking away from some of your long-term growth potential but not grabbing land fast enough? And Dan, I think you said in your prepared remarks that you paid $224 million in taxes for Booking.com versus 166 last year. So if I’m doing my math correctly, it’s implying an FX intact at 35% growth rate, an operating profit dollars assuming no material change to tax rate. So it implies about north of 40% on an FX-neutral basis for Booking.com. It’s just somewhere in the ballpark. Thanks.
Jeffery Boyd: So I’ll let Dan answer the cash flow question. I want you to do that first?
Daniel Finnegan: I wouldn’t necessarily assume that Stephen. So the amount that we pay is subject to what the tax authorities ask us to pay. The growth in the amount certainly is because the business is growing and the tax liability for the year will grow but you can’t -- it's not that clear-cut that you can draw that relationship.
Jeffery Boyd: And with respect to the comment, I’m not spending enough as I tried to say. I think we’re just trying to strike the right balance here. And certainly, the opportunity that we have in front of us is especially in a lot of the new markets where we are standing is just so attractive that I think it would be his mistake for us not to go at that aggressively or to be timid about it because we’re worried about few basis points of margin to leverage in. And so I think we’re doing a good job of striking the right balance. But I think if you look at our growth numbers and how we’re performing vis-à-vis share against the other players in the space, who are also investing aggressively to try to penetrate these markets. I think it’s demonstrative of us doing a decent job of striking that balance.
Stephen Ju - Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bill Lennan of Monness Crespi. Your line is open.
Bill Lennan - Monness Crespi: Thank you. On the margin compression topic which seems to be top of the mind but we talk a lot about the cost side and efficiencies. So you had discussed about pricing. So if you talk to hotels, you talk to 100 of small sample size for what you’ve signed but there is a perception that there is a gap between what you charge, what your biggest competitors charge. So I had just a couple of questions on that. One, what is your price -- how is your pricing behavior over the last year so on an apples-to-apples basis. So are you taking it up at all? And two, if you did chose to raise price, how would you asses your pricing power specifically if you told the typical hotel, we’re taking you from x to x plus 2%. What would their alternatives be? Where would they go?
Jeffery Boyd: I think the short answer to that is that we are not looking to try to drive higher margin through increasing cost to hoteliers. That is not part of our strategy at this time. I think it is true that some other players in the space charge hotels more. When that’s the case, we’d like to take advantage of that disparity so we can compete more aggressively for availability and rooms at times of high occupancy. If we have significant market share and I think with that comes a responsibility to be good partners with our hotels and I don’t think it would be consistent with that to think that it would be a good idea for us to do some sort of across the board price increase just because we were worried about our margins coming down a 100 basis points. 
Bill Lennan - Monness Crespi: Then one more on cost if I might. Also we focused a lot on online advertising which of course is a huge piece. But I wonder in aggregate some of the smaller costs, I am just wondering how they are behaving, I am thinking, is it what you pay people occupancy -- what’s the upward pressure on those costs, or your opportunity to realize some margins from say, not the top five costs, but cost number five through 20 in the bucket?
Jeffery Boyd: I think we have done a pretty good job over the last number of years and scaling versus our non-advertising costs. We have had quarters of where the non-advertising operating costs go up a little bit because we need to staff up and enhance high seasoned growth, customer service requirements, aggressive hotel supply goals that we set for the teams and we are prepared to do that. But over the long term those costs have scaled nicely for us and should scale nicely in the future. The very substantial part of that it’s pushing now and we think that to the extent that we are going to be looking for scale there, it’s not going to be -- by trying to put pressure on compensation to our colleagues, I think we have the best people, we want to have the best people, we want to pay them well. So it’s really more about efficiency and how you do your business.
Operator: Our final question for the evening comes from Kevin Kopelman of Cowen.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company: I had a question on currency impact, looks like you are expecting 3 percentage point currency benefit on bookings growth in Q2, are you expecting a similar currency impact on gross profit growth in the quarter?
Daniel Finnegan: Yes, Kevin, the currency benefit would impact all of the lines for our booking.com business.
Operator: And at this time I would like to turn it back over to management for any closing remarks.
Jeffery Boyd: Thank you all very much for participating in the call.
Operator: Thank you gentlemen and thank you everyone for your participation. This does conclude your program. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Have a great day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeffery Boyd - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Daniel Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Brian Fitzgerald - Jefferies Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital Douglas Anmuth – JPMorgan Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets Aaron Kessler - Raymond James Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Steven Jew - Credit Suisse Brian Nowak - Nomura Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company Michael Millman - Millman Associates
Operator:
Jeffery Boyd:
Dan Finnegan:
Operator:
Brian Fitzgerald - Jefferies:
Jeffery Boyd:
Brian Fitzgerald - Jefferies:
Operator:
Tom White - Macquarie:
Jeffery Boyd:
Daniel Finnegan:
Jeffery Boyd:
Operator:
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs:
Jeff Boyd:
Operator:
Anthony DiClemente - Barclays Capital:
Jim Rogers:
Dan Finnegan:
Operator:
Douglas Anmuth – JPMorgan:
Jeffery Boyd:
Douglas Anmuth - JPMorgan:
Operator:
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald:
Jeffery Boyd:
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald:
Jeffery Boyd:
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald:
Operator:
Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets:
Jeff Boyd:
Operator:
Aaron Kessler - Raymond James:
Dan Finnegan:
Jeff Boyd:
Operator:
Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:
Jeffery Boyd:
Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:
Jeffery Boyd:
Operator:
Steven Jew - Credit Suisse:
Jeff Boyd:
Operator:
Brian Nowak – Nomura:
Jeff Boyd:
Dan Finnegan:
Operator:
Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray:
Jeffery Boyd:
Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray:
Operator:
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company:
Jeffery Boyd:
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company:
Operator:
Michael Millman - Millman Associates:
Jeffery Boyd:
Daniel Finnegan:
Michael Millman - Millman Associates:
Daniel Finnegan:
Operator:
Daniel Finnegan:
Operator:

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-01 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeffery H. Boyd - Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Group Management Board, Director, Chief Executive Officer of Lowestfare.com and Director of Lowestfare.com Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Ex-Officio Member of Group Management Board
Analysts: A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Brian Patrick Fitzgerald - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Herman Leung - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Brian Nowak - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Stephen Ju - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Naved Khan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Tracy B. Young - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Priceline Group’s Third Quarter 2012 Conference Call. Priceline would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Priceline’s actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statement at the end of Priceline’s earnings press release, as well as Priceline’s most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Priceline undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Priceline’s earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the Investor Relations section of Priceline’s website located at www.priceline.com. And now I'd like to introduce the Priceline Group's speakers for this afternoon: Jeffery Boyd and Daniel Finnegan. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Thank you, and welcome to Priceline's Third Quarter Conference Call. I'm here with Priceline's CFO, Dan Finnegan. I will make some opening remarks, and Dan will give a detailed financial review. After the prepared portion, we'll take questions. Priceline reported consolidated gross bookings for the third quarter of approximately $7.8 billion, up 25% year-over-year or about 34% on a local currency basis. Non-GAAP net income was $638 million or $12.40 per share, up 25% versus prior year. Third quarter results surpassed FactSet consensus estimates of $11.82 per share and our guidance for the quarter. Worldwide hotel room night reservations were $55.2 million for the quarter, up 36% year-over-year. Our international business recorded 41% gross bookings growth on a local currency basis, down from 44% in the second quarter. Hotel room night growth rates in the second half of the quarter were better than forecast, particularly in Europe, where generally our forecast for further significant deceleration proved conservative. Growth rates benefited from continued high growth rates in Asia-Pacific and the Americas. International gross bookings also benefited generally from growth in hotel supply and strong results at Rentalcars.com. Booking.com's platform now has over 245,000 hotels and other accommodations, up 44% over last year. Booking.com's growth has held up well despite the concentration of its business in European countries experiencing weak economic conditions. Absolute transaction in the local currency growth rates in Europe and non-euro markets maintained solid momentum during the quarter and we believe continued to gain market share. Agoda delivered another quarter of strong room night growth and continues building supply and distribution. Agoda is building scale in the fast-growing Asia-Pacific market as a destination and as a site where APAC customers can book hotels in other parts of the world. Priceline's domestic gross bookings grew 7% in third quarter, due primarily to growth in retail airline ticket and hotel room night gross bookings, aided by higher ticket prices and ADRs, as well as growth in domestic retail rental car reservations. Trailing 12-month gross bookings for priceline.com were $5 billion, an important milestone for the business. priceline.com has launched Express Deals and a number of exciting mobile services. Transactional business on its mobile services are growing rapidly, and continuous innovation is helping drive this momentum. Merchant gross bookings growth of 24% continues to reflect growth at Agoda and Rentalcars.com. Growth in rental car days increased sequentially from 29% to 35%, driven by improved results at priceline.com and strong growth at Rentalcars.com. The group's business performance exceeded expectations in the quarter, showing resilience in the face of weak economic conditions in major markets. We did see pressure on operating margins in the third quarter, though not to the degree forecast and expect that pressure to continue in Q4. This is driven primarily by investments in marketing and people, as we prioritize initiatives that drive growth even if those expenditures create pressure on operating leverage. The business continues to support this type of investment and the achievement of attractive operating margins. Our aim is to continue building our brands by investing in geographic expansion and supply, product and service innovation and customer acquisition. I want to finish with a final note about Hurricane Sandy, which has had a large impact on those of us in the northeast, including many of you on this call, and we thank you for participating when you may be dealing with power outages and damage to property. Our teams are working very hard with our suppliers to serve customers whose travel plans have been interrupted, and I thank them for their dedication. And we wish all those affected by the storm a speedy recovery. It is too early to quantify precisely the impact of the storm on our business. New York City, which is an important destination for Booking.com and priceline.com, will be substantially disrupted for many days with reduced bookings and high cancellations. Having said that, given that most of our business is for travel to international destinations, our best estimate at this time is that the negative effect of Hurricane Sandy would fall within the range of our guidance for the fourth quarter. I will now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Thank you, Jeff. I'll discuss some of the highlights in operating results and cash flows for the quarter, and then provide guidance for the fourth quarter of 2012. Growth rates mentioned in my remarks are in relation to the prior year comparable period, unless otherwise indicated. Our guidance forecast for Q3 was based upon actual results for Q2 and Q3 actual results through when we reported on August 7. Our room night growth rate had decelerated from 47% in Q1 to 39% in Q2. We have seen weaker transaction growth rates and ADR trends continue for certain Southern European countries. And we have seen evidence of these trends spreading to other markets, including the U.K. As a result, our forecast for Q3 assumed that macroeconomic conditions would deteriorate further throughout the quarter and that our unit growth rates would decelerate fairly significantly. We were pleasantly surprised to see conditions in Europe stabilize, at least for the time being. While softer demand and ADR trends continued in certain Southern European countries, our unit growth rate in the U.K. improved in Q3. Overall, hotel room nights booked grew by 36% in the third quarter, a modest deceleration compared to the 39% growth rate achieved in Q2. This strong performance for our worldwide hotel reservation business drove Q3 gross bookings growth of 25%, or 34% on a local currency basis. Average daily rates, or ADRs, were down on a local currency basis by approximately 1% for our international hotel service and were up by about 5% for our U.S. hotel service for Q3 2012, in both cases, slightly better than our guidance assumptions. FX rates for the third quarter for the euro and the British pound versus the U.S. dollar are unfavorable compared to the prior year by about 12% and 2%, respectively and in both cases, are slightly favorable to the rates we assumed in our guidance. As a result, currency exchange rates significantly depressed our year-over-year growth rates expressed in U.S. dollars for gross bookings, revenue, gross profit, adjusted EBITDA and net income. In summary, solid unit growth rates, combined with modest favorability to our guidance assumptions for ADRs and FX rates, drove actual operating results that exceeded the top end of our guidance range in all key operating metrics. Our Q3 international gross bookings grew by 30%, and by 41% on a local currency basis. Rental car days booked were up by 35%, accelerating compared to the Q2 growth rate of 29%. The performance was driven by continued strong growth for our Rentalcars.com business, as well as improved performance for our Priceline U.S. rental car business. Gross bookings grew by 7% for our priceline.com brand business in the U.S. Strong growth in retail hotel room, airline ticket and rental car reservations, together with higher ADRs and air ticket prices, were key drivers in year-over-year growth. However, each of our Name Your Own Price services posted year-over-year decreases in gross bookings and revenues as a result of the continued pressure from competitive discount hotel initiatives and limited availability to discounted rates for airline tickets and rental car days. Gross profit for the quarter was $1.4 billion and grew 27% as compared to prior year. Our international operations generated gross profit of $1.2 billion, which constituted an increase of 31% as compared to the prior year and an increase of 42% on a local currency basis. Gross profit for our U.S. business amounted to $152 million, which represented 3% growth versus prior year. The delta between the U.S. gross bookings growth rate of 7% and gross profit growth rate of 3% results mainly from 2 items. First and foremost, Q3 gross profit is negatively impacted by a $4.8 million reserve related to an unfavorable hotel margin tax judgment in Washington, D.C. Second, strong performance in retail airline tickets benefits gross bookings to a greater degree than gross profit. Operating leverage declined in the quarter but to a lesser degree than we assumed in our guidance. Non-GAAP operating income as a percentage of gross profit amounted to 55.9% for Q3 2012 compared to 58% for the prior year Q3. Margins were impacted mainly by deleverage in online advertising and personnel expense. Online advertising grew faster than gross profit due to the continued mix shift in our business to paid channels, as well as lower ROIs. While we have seen the trend of mix shift to paid channels impact our advertising efficiency for several quarters, we have recently also experienced pressure on ROIs. Although our advertising ROIs were lower compared to prior year, they were better than our guidance because the assumed deterioration in economic conditions did not occur. Personnel expense in Q3 includes a $13 million charge related to a reported one-time payroll tax that was imposed in the Netherlands in July. We do not expect the impact of this wage levy to be significant beyond Q3. We also continued, as planned, to invest in people, new offices, IT expenses and increased depreciation expense to support the growth of our business. Adjusted EBITDA for Q3 amounted to $781 million, which exceeded our guidance range of $690 million to $765 million and represents 21% growth versus prior year. Non-GAAP net income grew by 25%, including a lower year-over-year cash tax rate due to the Innovation Box Tax benefit in the Netherlands and a lower statutory tax rate in the U.K. In terms of cash flow, we generated approximately $675 million of cash from operations during third quarter 2012, which represents a 20% increase versus prior year. We spent about $11 million on CapEx in the quarter. As of September 30, 2012, our cash and investments totaling $4.7 billion are available for general corporate purposes, including share repurchases, acquisitions and debt repayment. Now for fourth quarter 2012 guidance. We are forecasting total gross bookings to grow about 21% to 28% and to grow on a local currency basis by approximately 22% to 29%, with U.S. gross bookings about flat with prior year. We expect international gross bookings expressed in U.S. dollars to grow about 27% to 35% and to grow on a local currency basis by approximately 28% to 36%. Our Q4 forecast assumes ADRs for our international hotel service will be down to a greater degree than in the third quarter, and ADRs for our U.S. hotel service will be up by about 5%. Our Q4 forecast assumes that foreign exchange rates remain at the same $1.30 per euro and $1.61 per British pound as yesterday's closing rates, which would result in average exchange rates that would be weaker by 4% for the euro and stronger by 2% for the British pound as compared to the prior year. We have hedged contracts in place to substantially shield our fourth quarter EBITDA and net earnings from any fluctuation in the euro or pound versus the dollar between now and the end of the quarter, but these hedges do not offset the impact of translation on our gross bookings, revenue, gross profit and operating income and do not hedge our earnings beyond the fourth quarter. We expect Q4 revenues to grow year-over-year by approximately 15% to 22% and gross profit dollars to grow by approximately 26% to 33%. We expect 400 bps to 500 bps of deleverage in non-GAAP operating income as a percentage of gross profit compared to prior year. We assume that margins in Q4 will be impacted by deleverage in online advertising expense due to business mix continuing to shift to paid channels, as well as continuing pressure on ROIs. We also intend to continue to invest in people, new offices, IT expenses and increased depreciation expense to support the growth of our business. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $381 million and $421 million, which at the midpoint represents 17% growth versus prior year. We are targeting non-GAAP fully diluted EPS of approximately $6.12 to $6.57 per share, which at the midpoint represents 18% growth over prior year. Our EPS forecast reflects about $3 million of additional year-over-year cash interest expense for Q4 related to the convertible bonds we issued in March. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax rate of approximately 15.6% comprised of international income taxes and alternative minimum tax and state income taxes in the U.S. This rate reflects the estimated fully phased-in impact of the Innovation Box Tax benefit in the Netherlands. Our non-GAAP EPS guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of 51.4 million shares based upon yesterday's closing stock price of $573.77. We forecast GAAP EPS of $5.39 to $5.84 per share for Q4. The difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP results is driven by non-GAAP adjustments that are detailed in our earnings release. As I mentioned a moment ago, the group delivered solid results in the back half of Q3, and that momentum has carried over thus far into Q4. Our guidance reflects actual results to date and reflects our expectation for sequentially naturally decelerating growth rates for a very large business comparing against high transaction growth rates. Our comp is particularly challenging in the latter half of the quarter because we experienced accelerating growth in the back half of Q4 2011. Although we still have very real concerns about economic conditions on a worldwide basis, and in Europe in particular, our forecast does not reflect any potential worsening in macroeconomic conditions. Our forecast does not assume any material change in macroeconomic conditions in general and conditions in the consumer or travel market in particular. Given the uncertainties surrounding worldwide economic conditions, particularly in Europe, where much of our business is concentrated, and the negative impact of Hurricane Sandy, we believe the variability around our guidance is elevated. We'll now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Justin Post of Bank of America.
A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: One big picture maybe for Jeff and one quick one for Dan. Jeff, you've got 245,000 hotels on the platform; executed really well there. And just you're seeing some deceleration. Can you talk about where you are on the penetration as you look at your sales pipeline in hotels? And then the deceleration this year, would you say macro is driving a big chunk of that, or is that just large of law (sic) [law of large] numbers as you see it? And then, Dan, you gave us pretty good commentary last quarter about deceleration built into guidance for 3Q. It sounds like this quarter maybe a little less conservatism. Maybe you could give us a little more color on the relative conservatism or the rate of macro decline you expect into the guidance this quarter versus last.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Okay, Justin, I'll try to address the first question. The 245,000 hotels refers to Booking.com. And I think they've done an excellent job of building on the hotel platform at a pretty fast clip, 40-plus percent growth year-over-year. I've said in previous calls that in a lot of cases, we're adding non-hotel accommodations, and those properties often have lower room counts than some of the larger hotels. And so there's potentially a diminishing return as you continue to add hotels. But I think you can expect Booking.com and Agoda as well to continue to add properties to their list. Growth rates are driven, not just by adding new properties, although that's important, but also by driving greater penetration of existing hotels. And I think given the size of the business, that's equally important to a hotel count. So when you look at the business and the trends in unit growth, I'd point to not just new hotel counts but also to penetration of existing hotels, and then just to driving fundamental underlying demand, which is also an important driver of momentum in unit growth.
Daniel J. Finnegan: And in terms of guidance, Q3 relative to Q2, we did say, Justin, in Q2 that we had built a specific additional level of conservatism into our forecast, which at the time, we were hoping was going to be conservatism, but was really just based upon the fact that we had seen significant deceleration, and we had seen the weakness that we had seen for a while in Southern Europe spreading to other markets across Europe. We’ve highlighted the U.K. This quarter, we were pleased that the back half of Q3 ended up being pretty solid. And the results to date in Q4, I would say, are solid. And so we have built some deceleration in there, which is more just our natural expectation that a business this size is going to decelerate over time and then reflects the difficult comp we've got in the latter half of the quarter. But we did not build any specific additional deceleration in relative to concerns over macroeconomic conditions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald of Jefferies.
Brian Patrick Fitzgerald - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I want to know if we can get an update on mobile, usage trends you're seeing around that for your mobile apps, and maybe what percentage of mobile traffic is transactional versus just comparison shopping or browsing.
Jeffery H. Boyd: We are seeing rapid growth of business moving to mobile. We haven't released any specific share percentages, but you've seen some of that in the marketplace by our competition, and I think that could give you a directional idea of where we are in the United States in particular. There's some variability by region. Our teams around the world are working very hard to innovate on the new platforms with apps and upgrades to the mobile web. We're also looking, from the ground up, at our desktop functionality and user experience so that it's optimized for browsing on tablets. It's a very important channel shift that we're seeing in this space, and it's giving us an opportunity to offer some new products to our customers. And priceline.com released an app recently that's got some new features on it that we think are very interesting and attractive, called Express Deals Pro. That's the kind of testing you can do on mobile platforms and see what the consumer experience is. So we continue to be very excited about it, and it's one of our primary areas for resources and investment because we think it gives us a great opportunity, having the back end that we have, to really lead the market in building the best front-end applications for the consumer.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony DiClemente of Barclays.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Dan, just in terms of the deleveraging on online advertising and the continued shift to paid channels, you mentioned the pressure on ROI. Just -- if you could just elaborate on what you're seeing there in terms of advertising and your strategy, what you're seeing and what you're trying to do, and maybe speak to SCM trends a little bit. And then one second question, if I may. Just noticed that you hadn’t bought back stock, and wondering if you can remind us your criteria for looking at share repurchases. Yes, I think you did mention that as -- in your prepared remarks, or alluded to it. Could you just talk about your kind of line of thinking on stock buybacks?
Daniel J. Finnegan: Of course. So in terms of online advertising and its impact on deleverage, we've seen for several quarters a continuing trend where the mix of our business is shifting more to paid channels, and that's just the way people are choosing to access the Internet and find our website. So we are pleased to participate in that in an effective fashion and then it’s been a very important driver of demand for our websites. We saw this past quarters a deterioration in trends year-over-year in terms of advertising ROI so a fundamental efficiency for our brands. We don't get into a lot of the specifics behind that, but you know the drivers are ADRs and year-over-year cancel rates. We've talked from time-to-time and we give a specific guidance on ADRs, that those are down in Q3 year-over-year, and we're expecting them to be down further in Q4. So that's not helpful to unit economics. Cancel rates have been climbing for a while. It's -- one of the benefits of our model for Booking.com is that it's an agency model, and it's easy for a customer to cancel if their plans change. So we don't look at that as a net negative as long as our gross bookings growth rate net of cancels continues to climb at an attractive rate. And the other factors we've built into that in terms of CPC and conversion rates are more sensitive competitively, and so we don't speak to what we're seeing there, but those are the other factors that go into that equation. In terms of a stock repurchase, we have about $460 million authorized by our board that we can use to buy back stock. We did buyback in the first quarter of this year about $250 million, if I recall correctly; it's in our Q. And we continue to look from time-to-time, and we will buy back stock where we think there's an opportunity to do so at attractive prices.
Operator: Our next question comes from Douglas Anmuth of JPMorgan.
Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just want to follow up on the question about the 4Q investments. And I guess just focusing on a little bit trying to understand given the mix shift in the business toward more paid channels if you still expect to expand margins on an overall basis for the company going forward, whether you think this mix shift more toward newer markets and paid channels will perhaps really inhibit that going forward. And then just on the 4Q international ADRs, you talked about them being down more than in 3Q. Is that -- can you help us just understand is that just a function more of the current trend or perhaps a mix shift of geographies that you see in the fourth quarter specifically?
Jeffery H. Boyd: Okay. Doug, I'll do the first one, and maybe Dan can do the second one. We look at our business as having, on an absolute and a relative basis, very attractive operating margins. And we've had a great opportunity and good execution over the last several years to see some pretty good growth on those margins. But we are looking at a lot of very attractive opportunities in the marketplace today. We're looking at a very competitive marketplace. And our outlook is that we really should focus on making investments where we need to, where we think the long-term return on those investments will drive growth in the business and help us gain market share and build our franchises, and that we shouldn't feel limited in making those investments because they could, in the near term, have a negative impact on operating margins. And there's a very wide spectrum of approaches that companies in our space make to this issue. There are some outstanding companies who operate on very, very narrow margins and throw everything back into the business. That hasn't been our approach. And if you look at the other travel companies, online travel companies that we compete with, they generally are investing in their businesses at a much higher level than we are. And I think our long-term outlook is that we should be able to substantially invest in the business and have very, very attractive operating margins, but we're not going to forego important investments, for example, on things like mobile, just because we think, in the near term, that they're going to have a negative impact on operating margins.
Daniel J. Finnegan: And in terms of ADRs in Q4, it reflects the trend that we're seeing market-by-market, and the trend varies market to market. And it also reflects the mix in the business. So Asia-Pacific growing at a faster rate overall than other regions and typically at lower ADRs would have an impact of driving down that overall growth rate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Millman of Millman Research.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: You talked about rental cars increases. Could you give us some breakdown as regarding to fourth [ph] quarter [ph], as far as to what extent price may have pushed up volume or availability was better or marketing? And in regard to the market, you indicated that at the leases ended the third quarter better than you expected, particularly in the U.K. Is there some suggestion that you might be seeing a bottoming of the [indiscernible] economy outside the U.S. or at least a bottoming of the impact of that economy on travel?
Daniel J. Finnegan: In terms of our rental car business, Michael, we saw retail pricing continuing to be down in kind of the mid single-digit range here in the U.S. and internationally. I think that has a function of helping drive retail volume. It's not as helpful to our Name Your Own Price business, but we did see relatively less pressure in terms of discounted availability this quarter than last quarter, but we still did have a decrease in that business year-over-year.
Jeffery H. Boyd: And Michael, I wouldn't go out on a limb and say that the trends that we're seeing in the U.K. potentially would represent a bottoming with respect to their overall economy. And the reason I wouldn't do that is that during this summer, there was just an awful lot of things that could potentially have impacted travel trends in the U.K.: The Queen's Jubilee; the Olympics; soccer tournaments. And while it's impossible for us to really know the degree to which any of those things had an impact, just the timing of the softness that we saw in the U.K. and then the firming of the business in the U.K. leads me to believe that there may have been some impact in that one market of all of those things, and that’s not really a statement about the broader economy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Herman Leung of Susquehanna.
Herman Leung - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Two quick questions. First is on, I guess, a follow-on to the guidance question. If you -- when you look into the fourth quarter, can you talk about the seasonality that some of the Asia mix shift can have on the fourth quarter and how that typically looks on a seasonal basis relative to European room night trends? And the second question is you talked about marketing deleverage and some investments going on in the business. Just wondering if you can talk about repeat rates in the core organic. I guess it sounds like that's probably flat to down, so can we -- I mean, are there ideas or areas you're working on to help drive that rate higher and areas you are basically -- specific regions you're investing in the marketing side?
Jeffery H. Boyd: So your first question about seasonality and whether the business in Asia and the southern hemisphere will have an impact on Q4, well, I'll let Dan cover that one, and I'll do the second.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Okay, and so seasonality in Q4. Q4 is seasonally a more important quarter of the year for our Asia-Pacific business, certainly relative to U.S. and Europe, which have their peak season in Q2 and Q3. So you do see somewhat of an impact in that those businesses represent a relatively larger percentage of our business in that quarter. But you know, we talked about last quarter, Europe, 60% of our business. That doesn't change that dramatically, but you're going to see this to any greater extent than what we have indicated in our guidance.
Jeffery H. Boyd: And with respect to marketing deleverage. Our efforts around marketing in general are always aimed at trying to drive loyal customers. And I wouldn't attribute the guidance for reduced operating leverage to concern about repeat rates and customer return rates because we track those and they're in good shape. You have a business that’s the size of our business that’s growing as rapidly as our business is, it requires very substantial inflows of new customers even if you have outstanding repeat rates to drive that growth. There definitely is a regional impact to marketing efficiencies. Some regions are more efficient and effective than others. Some regions are more competitive, as Dan mentioned, Asia-Pacific, Asia in particular tends to have lower ADRs. That can create challenges in terms of variable marketing expenses and online channels. But suffice it to say, we look at attractive regions like Asia. We look at relatively new distribution channels that we think are going to grow and where we know we have that leading position, and we're prepared to push marketing dollars in those directions even if the net result of that on a global basis is to put pressure on our ROIs just because we know that we need to build scale in those channels, and ultimately, we think if we can put our product in front of new customers in those channels that will drive repeat business over the long term.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heath Terry of Goldman Sachs.
Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I was hoping -- to what degree the function of less traffic coming from -- or more traffic coming from paid channels, how much of that is a function of you seeing less traffic from free channels, whether it's organic search, brand-driven, direct URL, mobile? And within that, the paid channel side of it, is the declining ROI that you're seeing a function of higher prices per clicks, or is it -- that's being driven by competition, or is it the decline that you're seeing in the conversion rates that you would attribute to potentially being macro-related?
Jeffery H. Boyd: So if you look at the business by various channels, there's no question that there's been a shift, a continuing shift of shares online. As Dan mentioned, a big part of that is the businesses that rely more heavily on online are growing faster than the U.S. business, which tends to have less reliance on online. So that's just the -- that's the math of it and it doesn't really have anything to do with the balance of free versus paid traffic. Now there's no question that some of the things that are happening out there in the marketplace and some of the major Pay-Per-Click channels is tending to do a very good job of taking traffic that used to come free through organic search and have that traffic now be paid for through paid search. And that's -- if you look at a lot of the changes that have been made by the major search engines, that's been an effort on their part. And I think they're doing that because they believe it drives a good customer experience, but also it's obviously helpful to their financial situation. And from our perspective, we're comfortable with it as long as the ROIs and conversion in those products are attractive, which they have been and are for us. We -- as Dan said earlier, we can't get into a discussion about what CPCs are and what conversion is because those really are going to be primarily driven by actions that we're taking in the marketplace to be relatively more aggressive, less aggressive, what channels we're in, et cetera. And so we just don't comment on that publicly because it gives people a heads-up as to what we're doing competitively.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Nowak of Nomura.
Brian Nowak - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I’ve got 2. The first one is kind of curious to hear more about kind of share gains in competition and whether or not you still feel confident you're taking share within the OTA hotel channel in your major markets. And then the second one, I think last quarter you guys helped us out and kind of gave us 30% growth in Europe and 50% growth in rest of world. Just kind of curious about roughly how those comparable figures looked in this quarter.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Okay Brian, with respect to share gains, we -- based on the information that's public as of today that we're aware of, we look at our growth rates, and they're faster than our competition so I think we continue to gain share. We look at the various distribution channels that we are active in. And I think we're doing well from a share perspective in those channels. There are some channels that our competition is more aggressive in and I think assigns a higher strategic value to them than maybe we do. And the example I would give you is in sort of in the white label affiliate business. Both Expedia and Orbitz put a lot of effort into that and are very aggressive in going after that business and do a very good job of it. And it's possible that they've gotten some affiliate business that we're not getting. And so that I think is derived from business decisions that they've made and we've made with our eyes open as to what -- how we value, relatively, the business from that channel. But I think our businesses are performing very well. Having said that, I would also say that we operate in a very attractive space with a lot of running room. And as our competition executes better, there's room for their businesses to perform well. And Expedia had a good quarter, and their growth rate accelerated. And as you look at our growth rates and if you look at how we're behaving competitively in the marketplace, I think it would be disingenuous to say that there was no impact on us. I think we're both competing very aggressively with each other. And I think you have 2 companies that are executing pretty well right now.
Daniel J. Finnegan: And in terms of our regional growth, we gave that last quarter, Brian, just because we wanted to give you guys color because we had such concern about what was going on in Europe from an economic perspective. To just give -- have a little bit more information to do your own modeling, we're not going to typically provide that level of detail, but you can see the level of deceleration overall was modest. And we pointed to conditions in Europe being stable so you can assume there wasn't a dramatic change in trajectory there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Ju of Crédit Suisse.
Stephen Ju - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Jeff, you mentioned greater penetration of existing hotels as a driver for unit growth. Is there anything you can share in terms of how much access you think you have to the overall inventory on a percentage basis and how much room there might be to grow that?
Jeffery H. Boyd: Yes, we do track what our estimated share is of the hotel inventory. That's not a number that we publish, but I do believe we have -- if you look at the totality of the inventory, there's substantial headroom for us to grow our business with existing hotels, as well as the opportunity to add new supply and grow there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Sandler of Deutsche Bank.
Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Two questions. So Jeff, you just mentioned the private label in the affiliate channel. I think you guys have done private label deals in the past with Ryanair and you have one with CTRIP. So what criteria do you need to see to go into something like Kayak's hotel path or other opportunities that may present themselves? And then just a follow-up on the ROIs question. Which regions are you seeing the lower ROI or decreasing ROI between Europe and your emerging markets?
Jeffery H. Boyd: So Ross, the -- I answer the second question first. I'm just not going to give regional detail on how marketing is performing. With respect to affiliate criteria, I'd say a couple of very broad things. The first is that we would tend to value more highly a branded affiliate that has its own product offering and something that customers are coming to the website for reasons that are independent and they have their own loyal customers. That's something that we would tend to value more highly than, for example, a website that doesn't have a substantial brand and relies primarily on Pay-Per-Click marketing where they'd be competing with us in the same channel, or search engine optimization kind of business. So those would be 2 contrasting types of affiliates, one which we would assign a little bit of a higher value to and one which we would assign a much lower value to. The second thing I would say is that our approach on that is also driven by our view of what the appropriate economics are for affiliate-type business. Our competition for certain affiliates might be much more aggressive pricing the business to affiliates where we might think we've got a pretty good chance of getting bookings directly to our sites, where we have big market share and not necessarily have to take inventory, which is in potentially short supply in high season and provide that to an affiliate for them to sell it and confer most of the economics to them. So those are 2 sorts of differences that you might find between us and our competition.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Kopelman of Cowen and Company.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: You mentioned that the UK picked up, but some of the events in the quarter may have had an impact there. Can you just give us an update what you're seeing quarter-to-date in the UK?
Daniel J. Finnegan: Well, the situation has been stable in Q4 so far. We're pleased with the growth rate that we posted so far to date. And I think our forecast just reflects kind of natural level of deceleration given the size of the business. But we didn't call out anything specific that we’ve seen a change in trend there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Naved Khan of Jefferies.
Naved Khan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Jeff, can you comment on the performance of the Google Hotel Finder product and how it's performing for you guys?
Jeffery H. Boyd: Sure. We participate in Google Hotel Finder with a number of our brands. So far, it has not become a very substantial part of the business that we do with Google. And I think that's based on the way they've decided to drive traffic to it. That doesn't mean it couldn't grow in the future. We're satisfied with the performance we've seen. I think our products display well there. And I think we've done a good job of building the technology there effectively in a grade and display well in that marketplace.
Naved Khan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then when do you expect the distribution relationship with CTRIP to be fully ramped up?
Jeffery H. Boyd: I can't give you a specific forecast of when it, "would be fully ramped up." Our expectation is to continue to work with CTRIP to not only optimize the offering, but to capitalize over the long term in what I think most people believe will be a rapidly growing demand for Chinese nationals to travel overseas. So I would hope that there is a long runway of sort of fundamental growth for that business that we could participate in through our relationship with CTRIP.
Operator: And our final question comes from Tracy Young of Evercore Partners.
Tracy B. Young - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Two questions, if I may. First question is on the tax rate. Your tax rate came in lower than I expected. And just wondering -- you went through some of the drivers, but I'm just wondering if it'll get back to 20% or 21% for fourth quarter. And also, great to see that you’re stabilized in the second half of the quarter. Do you see the same kind of performance into October?
Daniel J. Finnegan: Okay. In terms of the tax rate, Tracy, we're guiding towards a cash tax rate of 15.6% in Q4. And in terms of performance thus far in Q4, it's been stable to date. And we said we're expecting deceleration of the business given the size of the business and a difficult comp in December, but we haven't built in any specific conservatism related to concerns over macroeconomic conditions. You know we still have them; they just haven't manifested themselves to the extent we were concerned they might in the back half of Q3, and thus far in Q4.
Operator: And as there are no further questions in queue, gentlemen, are there any closing remarks?
Jeffery H. Boyd: Thank you very much for participating in the call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude your program. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-07 16:30:00) =====
Executives:  Jeffery Boyd – President and CEO Daniel Finnegan – CFO and Chief Accounting Officer
Analysts:  Stephen Ju – Credit Suisse Doug Anmuth – JPMorgan Mark Mahaney – Citigroup Justin Post – Bank of America Tom White – Macquarie Michael Olson – Piper Jaffray Michael Millman – Millman Research Associates Heath Terry – Goldman Sachs Herman Leung – Susquehanna Kevin Kopelman – Cowen and Company Tracy Young – Evercore Partners 
Operator: Welcome to the Priceline Group’s Second Quarter 2012 Conference Call. Priceline would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Priceline’s actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of Priceline’s earnings press release as well as Priceline’s most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Priceline undertakes no obligations to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Priceline’s earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement is available in the Investor Relations section of Priceline’s website located at www.priceline.com. And now I’d like to introduce the Priceline Group’s speakers for this afternoon: Jeffery Boyd and Daniel Finnegan. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Jeffery Boyd: Thank you very much. Welcome to Priceline’s Second Quarter Conference Call. I’m here with Priceline’s CFO, Dan Finnegan. I will make some opening remarks, and Dan will give a detailed financial review. After the prepared portion, we will take questions. Priceline reported consolidated gross bookings for the second quarter of approximately $7.3 billion, up 27% year-over-year or about 36% on a local currency basis. Non-GAAP net income was $405 million or $7.85 per share, up 43% versus prior year. Second quarter results surpassed FactSet consensus estimates of $7.37 per share and our guidance for the quarter. Worldwide hotel room night reservations were 50.2 million for the quarter, up 39% year-over-year. Our international business recorded 44% gross bookings growth on a local currency basis, down from 58% in Q1. Growth rates were negatively impacted by declines in ADRs, further slowing of growth in Europe, particularly in the U.K. and Southern Europe where economic conditions seem weaker and a difficult comp with 79% local currency international bookings growth last year. Growth rates benefited from continued high growth rates in APAC and the Americas. International gross bookings also benefited generally from growth in hotel supply and strong results at Rentalcars.com. Booking.com’s platform now has over 235,000 hotels and other accommodations, up 52% over last year. With a relevantly larger concentration of its business in European countries experiencing weak economic conditions, decelerating growth in those markets has impacted overall growth rates. Nevertheless the absolute transaction in local currency growth rates in Europe and non-Euro markets for Q2 were in our view impressive and attested the vitality and potential of the business. That said, deteriorating overall economic trends and headline risks surrounding the Euro crisis do cause us to be guarded in our near-term outlook. We also announced today the Booking.com signed an agreement with Ctrip.com, China’s leading travel service enterprise under which Ctrip is adding Booking.com’s global portfolio of participating hotels to Ctrip’s hotel reservation service. We are excited about the opportunity to work with Ctrip and make Booking.com’s global collection of hotels available to Ctrip customers. We believe that this will give Booking.com a new way to serve travelers from the Asia Pacific region. Agoda continues to expand its network of hotels and is building distribution as the business scales. They have a significant opportunity in the fast-growing Asia Pacific market that can also help APAC customers with their travel to other parts of the world, over proprietary merchant inventory and access to the worldwide inventory of Booking.com. Priceline’s domestic gross bookings grew 5% in the second quarter due primarily to growth in retail hotel room night gross bookings aided by higher ADRs, and growth in domestic retail rental car reservations. Name Your Own Price services experienced challenges relating to supply for air and rental car. In hotels, Name Your Own Price faced increased competition in the discount space and a more challenging user experience from mobile devices often used for last minute bookings. We recently launched Express Deals, a published-price opaque service that offers great savings to provide greater consumer choice and we will work towards optimal promotion of that option. Merchant gross bookings growth of 23% continues to reflect growth at Agoda and Rentalcars.com. Rentalcars.com was also the primary drive of the Group’s 29% growth in rental car days. We believe the Group’s businesses performed well in the second quarter given poor economic conditions, particularly in our core European markets. We are pleased with the progress of our brands in growing and improving their platforms. Our aim is to continue building our brands by investing in geographic expansion and supply, product and service innovation and customer acquisition. I commend my colleagues around the world for their focus and execution. I will now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review.
Daniel Finnegan: Thanks, Jeff. I’ll discuss some of the highlights on operating results and cash flows for the quarter and then provide guidance for the third quarter of 2012. Growth rates mentioned in my remarks are in relation to the prior-year comparable period, unless otherwise indicated. Q2 gross bookings grew by 27% or 36% on a local currency basis led by our worldwide hotel reservation business. Hotel room nights booked grew by 39% in the second quarter, a deceleration compared to the 47% growth rate achieved in Q1. As I said when we gave guidance for Q2 back in May, we expected fairly significant deceleration in unit growth over the back half of the quarter, given the size of the business and a difficult year-over-year comp. We believe that weak economic conditions and sovereign debt concerns further contributed to the level of deceleration experience, particularly in our key European markets which represents about 60% of our total booked room nights. We saw a softer demand and ADR trends continue in Southern Europe and spread to certain other markets including the U.K. in the second quarter. Despite these challenges, our room nights booked grew in Q2 by over 30% in Europe and by over 50% for the rest of the world. We are proud of the results delivered for the quarter from a top line and bottom line perspective and believe that Q2 was another in a long stream of quarters where we grew our market share with booked room nights both in the U.S. and internationally. We believe that the strong growth rates in markets outside of Europe demonstrates the attractive long-term opportunity that these markets continued to shift the booking online and comprised an increasing share of our business. Average daily rates or ADRs, were down on a local currency basis by approximately 1% for our international hotel service and were up by over 4% for our U.S. hotel service for Q2 2012. These results were slightly below our guidance assumption. FX rates for the second quarter for the euro and British pound versus the U.S. dollar were unfavorable compared to the prior year by about 11% and 3% respectively and in both cases were about 3% unfavorable to the rates we assumed in our guidance. As a result, currency exchange rates significantly depressed our year-over-year growth rates expressed in the U.S. dollars for gross bookings, revenue and gross profit and also negatively impacted our actual growth rates for these line items compared to our guidance for the quarter. Our Q2 international gross bookings grew by 33%, and by 44% on a local currency basis, in both cases within our guidance range. Rental car days booked were up by 29% driven mainly by strong growth for our Rentalcars.com business. Gross bookings growth for our Priceline.com brand business in the U.S. of 5%, we get the bottom end of our range of guidance. Strong growth in retail hotel room nights booked and higher ADRs as well as strong growth in retail rental car bookings were key drivers in year-over-year growth. However each of our Name Your Own Price businesses had a challenging quarter posting decreases in year-over-year unit costs. We believe our Name Your Own Price hotel room nights declined likely as a result of continued presence of competitive discount hotel initiatives and the emphasis on no bidding offerings in our offline advertising. We launched Express Deals during the quarter which allowed customers to enjoy substantial savings with the posted price. We believe that Express Deals will appeal to customers who want to save money but are not comfortable with the bidding process. We’re still in the early stages and we intend to continue to experiment with various ways to operate Express Deals to customers on Priceline.com in coming quarters. Airline tickets booked were down by 2%, while average retail ticket prices were up by 7%. Name Your Own Price tickets declined to a greater extent to the limited supply resulting from airline capacity cuts. Name Your Own Price rental car days booked were down significantly due to limited availability of discount and supply and low retail prices that lessened the relative value proposition of our Name Your Own Price offering. The decrease in our Name Your Own Price businesses has a more pronounced impact on revenue, and merchant revenue in particular, since these transactions are recorded gross in revenue, with supplier cost reported in cost of revenue while our other merchant businesses principally Agota.com and Rentalcars.com are recorded in revenue net of supplier cost. Gross profit for the quarter was $1 billion and grew 34%, as compared to prior year. Our international operations generated gross profit of $859 million, which constituted an increase of 40% as compared to the prior year and an increase of 53% on a local currency basis. Gross profit for our U.S. business amounted to $145 million, which represented 6% growth versus prior year. Operating leverage improved in the quarter. Non-GAAP operating income as a percentage of gross profit amounted to 48.2% for Q2 2012, expanding by 200 basis points compared to the prior year as expenses grew at a slower pace than gross profit. Advertising efficiency was favorable to our forecast as the prior year partly due to deceleration in gross bookings which resulted in slower growth in advertising. Fundamental advertising efficiency was good, partly offset by the continued mix shift to paid channels. Gross profit decelerated to a lesser degree because strong Q1 gross bookings growth benefits Q2 as gross profit is recognized upon completion of travel. Adjusted EBITDA for Q2 amounted to $495 million, which exceeded our guidance range of $450 million to $470 million and represents 42% growth versus prior year. Non-GAAP net income grew by 43%, including a lower year-over-year cash tax rate due to the Innovation Box Tax benefit in the Netherlands and a lower statutory rate in the U.K. In terms of cash flow, we generated approximately $432 million of cash from operations during the second quarter of 2012, which represents a 93% increase versus prior year. Operating cash flow for the quarter benefits from our decision to prepay in the first quarter $166 million of income taxes for Booking.com in return for an early payment cash discount. These taxes would otherwise have been paid monthly over the year and so second quarter and subsequent quarters of 2012 have a lower payment burden as a result. We spent about $15 million on CapEx in the quarter and spent about $61 million to purchase a portion of the non-controlling interest related to Rentalcars.com. As of June 30, 2012 our cash and investments totaling $3.9 billion are available for general corporate purposes including share repurchases, acquisitions and debt repayments. Now for third quarter 2012 guidance. Let me start off with some qualitative comments regarding our approach to the Q3 guidance. Our guidance reflects our expectation for sequentially naturally decelerating growth rates for a very large business comparing against high transaction growth rates in each quarter of 2011. It also reflects the significant drag of growth expressed in U.S. dollars for all lines of our income statements presented by the strengthening of the U.S. dollar compared to last year particularly as it relates to the Euro. Lastly, our forecast reflects our assumptions regarding impact of worldwide macroeconomic conditions in general and in Europe in particular. With several quarters now, we’ve noted weaker transaction growth rates in ADR trends for certain southern European countries and we see evidence of these trends spreading to other markets including the U.K. Our forecasts assumes that macroeconomic conditions will deteriorate further as we progress throughout this quarter and that our unit growth rates will decelerate fairly significantly compared to their current levels as a result. We’ve seen a few quarters now of softening local currency ADR trends for our international hotel business with ADRs up 2% in Q1 and down 1% in Q2. Our Q3 forecast assumes ADRs for our international hotel service will be down to a greater degree than in the second quarter. And net ADRs for our U.S. hotel service will be up by about 4%. Softer international ADRs and higher cancel rates assumed in our guidance negatively impact unit economics and operating leverage. We are forecasting total gross bookings to grow by 10% to 18%, tend to grow on a local currency basis by approximately 19% to 27% with U.S. gross bookings growing by about 5%. We expect international gross bookings expressed in U.S. dollars to grow by 12% to 20% and to grow on a local currency basis by approximately 23% to 31%. Our Q3 forecasts assumes that foreign exchange rates remain at the same $1.24 per euro and $1.56 per British pound as yesterday’s closing rates which will result in average exchange rates that would be weaker by 13% for the euro and by 3% for the British pound as compared to the prior year. We have hedged contracts in place to substantially shield our third quarter EBITDA and net earnings from any fluctuation in the euro or pound versus the dollar between now and the end of the quarter, but these hedges do not offset the impact of translation on our gross bookings, revenue, gross profit and operating income and do not hedge our earnings beyond the third quarter. We expect Q3 revenues to grow year-over-year by approximately 9% to 15% and gross profit dollars to grow by approximately 15% to 25%. We expect de-leverage and non-GAAP operating income as a percent of gross profit. We assume that margins in Q3 will be impacted by de-leverage in online advertising expense due to business mix and assumed deterioration in unit economics associated with worsening macro conditions. Despite economic challenges we also intend to continue to invest in people, new offices, IT expenses and increased depreciation expense to support the growth of our business. In addition, our forecast for personnel expense in Q3 includes a $13 million charge related to a reported one-time payroll tax that was imposed in the Netherlands in July. We do not expect the impact of this wage levy to be significant beyond Q3. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $690 million and $765 million, which at the midpoint represents 13% growth versus prior year. We are targeting non-GAAP fully diluted EPS of approximately $11.10 to $12.10 per share, which at the midpoint represents 17% growth over prior year. Our EPS forecast reflects about $4 million of additional year-over-year cash interest expense for Q3 related to the convertible bonds we issued in March and the revolving credit facility we entered in September last year. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax rate of approximately 16.4%, comprised of international income taxes and alternative minimum tax and state income taxes in the U.S. This rate reflects the estimated fully phased-in impact of the Innovation Box Tax benefit in the Netherlands. We expect our full-year 2012 cash income tax rate will be approximately 4 to 6 percentage points lower than what it would have been if we did not have the Innovation Box Tax benefit. Our non-GAAP EPS guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of 51.5 million shares based upon yesterday’s closing stock price of $665.12. We forecast GAAP EPS of $10.21 to $11.21 per share for Q3. The difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP results is driven by non-GAAP adjustments that are detailed in our earnings release. Given the uncertainties surrounding worldwide economic conditions particularly in Europe where much of our business is concentrated the variability around our guidance is greater than as usually the case. We will now take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Stephen Ju of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Stephen Ju – Credit Suisse: Good afternoon guys. So I think in the prepared remarks you mentioned, I guess macro headline driven weakness spreading through U.K. and certain other parts of Europe also, southern Europe. Do you think there is any Olympics related impact and there are people just staying home to watch the Olympics as opposed to traveling? And I am also trying to get some context around the guidance for currency neutral, gross bookings growth of 23% to 31%. I guess there is some pause that you’re seeing additional pretty steep volume deceleration of, I guess additional ballpark range of 13% to 21% if I’ll do my math correctly, coming off hotel room deceleration of about 8 percentage points. So I am just trying to figure out what you’re seeing in the channel that’s making to take off another I guess 5 to almost 13 percentage points of volume growth?
Jeffery Boyd: In terms of the Olympics, Stephen, we’ve said in previous quarters that we didn’t expect to see an impact in our numbers from the Olympics and I think that’s still true. These events that take place in one market across our broad diversified worldwide business don’t generally have impact that we can discern. To the extent that more people are traveling to London or not traveling to London, perhaps they are traveling somewhere else, so we don’t see anything there. In terms of the growth assumptions, we said that our forecast reflects the actual results we’ve seen to-date and we’re assuming fairly significant deceleration growth rates from here on – over concern about macroeconomic conditions and our worry that conditions will worsen particularly in Europe which is such a key market for us.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Due to the number of participants in queue we ask that you limit your time to one question. Our next question comes from Doug Anmuth of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Doug Anmuth – JPMorgan: Thanks. Doug Anmuth from JPMorgan. So just wanted to ask you – you talked obviously a lot about the macro pressures here that you saw in 2Q and that you expect to worsen in 3Q. But can you give us a sense of whether you’re seeing – what you’re seeing in Europe in particular from competitive pressures and I guess should we be thinking about this as primarily macro impact and FX impact or you’re using some competitive dynamics here which are getting tougher for you?
Jeffery Boyd: Doug, I think that we look at the markets where our results have weakened most substantially and those are the same markets where the economic headlines and reports on unemployment, GDP and headlines around sovereign debt seem to be at there worsen. So that’s really what drives us to attribute a portion of the deceleration in this business to economic conditions. And we also see occupancy and ADR trends that are supportive of the deceleration at least in part being tied to macroeconomic conditions. Now we’ve been guiding investors for a long time to look for deceleration in the business given the size of the business and given the very, very strong comps that we have in the last year and so we think that that’s something that the market should continue to expect all things being equal from an economic perspective. As far as we can tell as we look at the reported results that our competitors released and our own results, we continued in the second quarter to gain share against our competition in the major markets in which operate. I think that the competition has had a better result from the last couple of quarters and I think that’s due to good execution on their part and I think is demonstrative of the opportunity – the substantial opportunity we have in these marketplaces that you can have a couple of businesses of our size growing at impressive rates.
Doug Anmuth – JPMorgan: Great, thanks Jeff.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney of Citigroup. Your line is open.
Mark Mahaney – Citigroup: Thanks. Two questions please, I think Jeff you referred there market share gains for the hotel business in the U.S. Could you be a little bit more specific or do you mean just against the total market of hotel room nights. And then you also mentioned mobile as being a challenge, it sounded like a bit of a change in tone from before, could you may be spell that out a little bit more, how is mobile monetization for a travel company – how do you see the challenge in that? Thank you.
Jeffery Boyd: Sure Mark. So with respect to U.S, market share, even though we don’t release total group U.S. North American hotel room nights, we obviously have those numbers and can look at them in comparison to what’s released by the competition and based on that information we believe we’re continuing to gain share in total group hotel room nights sold in North America. With respect to the second question, I referred in my remarks to the potential difficulty for a last minute traveler using a bid process where you may have to go through a couple of iterations to get a completed transaction. And that’s something that I think we believe to be the case notwithstanding the fact that the growth of our Name Your Own Price business in places like the Hotel Negotiator App has been great and it’s been quite successful in an absolute sense. We feel there is an opportunity not just in our opaque products but across the Board to introduce new products in the mobile channel, try to make them very easy for consumers to complete a commercial transaction. And Express Deals is one way where they can get the kind of savings that they are used to with the bidding process without having to go through that, especially if you’re dealing with a small screen and potentially a last minute transaction.
Mark Mahaney – Citigroup: Thank you, Jeff.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Justin Post of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Justin Post – Bank of America: Thanks. Jeff, a couple of things, firstly when you look at your ADR and I think there were plus 2% and they went to negative 1%. It seems like when you look at some of the industry data for Europe, it hasn’t decelerated like that or some of the other hotels what they are saying [ph]. Is it because people are doing a different type of mix on your platform or you see something may be a little different than the industry is? And the second, I saw the Ctrip deal, can you talk about the economics, if someone books a room on their platform, is that favorable to you, or can you give us any help with that, and do you have anything for that in your guidance? Thank you.
Jeffery Boyd: Sure Justin. So with respect to our reported and sort of guided ADR trends, our international businesses have a different mix of destinations and types of properties that then – and other businesses they are all unique, so you can’t look at what we report and compare it to Smith Travel or another industry and say they want to be exact with the same what we see is impacted by mix and that’s driven by combination type and it’s driven by geography. With respect to Ctrip, the terms of that transaction are not disclosed but you should assume that the transaction will result in a financial benefit to both of us and Ctrip, if reservations are made by Ctrip customers at Booking.com hotels around the world. And we have a 8-K that’s filed at the same time as we announced these other transactions that will say we don’t expect the results of the Ctrip transaction to be material and you should consider that it’s included in the guidance that Dan gave you this afternoon.
Justin Post – Bank of America: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tom White of Macquarie. Your line is open.
Tom White – Macquarie: Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to confirm one thing I thought you guys said in the prepared remarks about unit growth rates by regions. Did I hear 30% in Europe and over 50% in the rest of the world? And if so, I guess as we look out over the next couple of quarters, you guys have talked about how the seasonality in your newer markets of Asia Pacific and LATAM is different than kind of your legacy markets of Europe and the U.S. And then 4Q and 1Q are seasonally bigger travel quarters for those newer regions. With that in mind, can we expect to see maybe some acceleration in your international business later this year and early next as these become a bigger part of the mix? Thanks.
Jeffery Boyd: Tom, we don’t guide beyond the current third quarter guidance that we gave so I can’t really comment on that. Your premise that there is – first quarter and fourth quarter better seasonality for the Asia Pacific businesses and the businesses in the Southern hemisphere is a correct premise, but that business that we – when we talk about outside of Europe for the global business that includes the United States as well which is a very big part of that other market and that has the typical northern hemisphere seasonality.
Tom White – Macquarie: Okay, thanks. Could you just confirm that you said 30% hotel unit growth in Europe in the second quarter and over 50% for the rest of the world, did I hear that right?
Daniel Finnegan: That’s correct, Tom.
Tom White – Macquarie: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Olson of Piper Jaffray. Your question please.
Michael Olson – Piper Jaffray: Hi just a follow-up on that. So you mentioned Europe weakness, but for international bookings expectations outside of Europe, would you I guess just qualitatively would you characterize the macro headwinds in all the other international geographies as being kind of equally weak as Europe, not as weak as Europe or not really weak at all?
Jeffery Boyd: I think a fair way to answer that would be to say that we have seen decelerating growth trends in most of the markets in which we operate and again that’s consistent with the guidance that we’ve given that is the business gets larger, we expect generally to see growth trends decelerate. We pointed out these couple of markets in Europe because of the concentration of our business in those markets and because we believe the deterioration there has been more pronounced.
Michael Olson – Piper Jaffray: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Millman of Millman Associates. Your line is open.
Michael Millman – Millman Research Associates: Thank you. You mentioned U.S. rental car. Could you talk a little bit about why do you think that prices have not risen despite fleets tightening and also is it the tertiary brands that are causing this reduction in price and affecting opaque market and do you know that tertiary companies taking share of the rental car business?
Daniel Finnegan: Michael, I will comment on share amongst the rental car suppliers but that is likely cause of some of these new entrants that are pricing at very aggressive levels and that’s putting pressure on retail prices overall in the market.
Michael Millman – Millman Research Associates: Thank you.
Daniel Finnegan: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Heath Terry from Goldman Sachs. Your question please.
Heath Terry – Goldman Sachs: Great, thank you. You have for most of the last few quarters you have been talking about advertising de-leverage and this quarter, we actually saw at least within the online advertising segment a little bit of advertising leverage both on a year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter basis. To what extent was a decision made to trade-off bookings for EBITDA this quarter and to the extent that that’s a change in strategy from the willingness that you’ve had in previous quarters to accept that advertising de-leverage?
Jeffery Boyd: It’s no extent. It was a decision made to trade-off advertising dollars for EBITDA. That’s not the way we look at the business or I’ve ever looked at it. We try to drive as much business in all distribution channels subject to ROI requirements which have not changed in any way in terms of policy for quite a long time. We’re prepared to spend additional dollars to drive additional businesses as long as ROIs are acceptable and we’re also prepared to spend at a deficit in new markets, in a new distribution channels where we need to build up tenure or a knowledge base in order to make sure that we can be successful in those markets. So we’ve never driven the business to meet a short-term EBITDA goal and we will not do so.
Heath Terry – Goldman Sachs: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Herman Leung of Susquehanna. Your line is open.
Herman Leung – Susquehanna: Great, thanks guys. Two quick questions, first, I guess can you talk about your marketing spend efficiencies across the different channels and if anything sort of stood out in terms of the returns on the marketing spend or was that just largely macro related? And then second question I have is regarding the Booking.com piece that is from North America, obviously shows up in your international bookings line. I was wondering if you can give us a sense of how that sort of grew during the second quarter timeframe? Thanks.
Daniel Finnegan: Herman on the first question, we don’t comment on our advertising by channel but I did say in my prepared remarks that fundamental advertising efficiency was good. So you can assume that we had good ROIs during the quarter in comparison to prior year. The overall advertising efficiency when you just look at online advertising as a percentage of gross profit was largely driven however by the deceleration in the business, particularly in the back half of the quarter so you have less gross bookings coming through. You’ve got the stronger growth rates at the beginning of the quarter and the prior quarter converting into gross profit this quarter. And so anytime you got deceleration in gross bookings typically the deceleration in gross profit lags that and so you get a benefit on that line item in terms of operating leverage. In terms of Booking.com in North America, we don’t disclose that stat but we’ve said for a while now and I’ll say it again that North America is one of the faster growing markets for Booking.com to continue to add properties and performed very well in the market and we’re very pleased with the progress that they’ve made.
Herman Leung – Susquehanna: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Kopelman of Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Kevin Kopelman – Cowen and Company: Hi, thanks a lot. You talked about some of the challenges on mobile for Name Your Own Price. Can you give us any color on what you’re seeing in mobile growth outside of Name Your Own Price?
Jeffery Boyd: As I mentioned in response to Mark’s question, we’ve seen very good results in mobile channels for all of our businesses with Name Your Own Price being no exception, where it’s our fastest growing distribution channel here in the United States by far. And so we are very happy with the results there. We want to make sure that we have an opportunity to put products and product customers that are compelling, whether they want to bid or not, Tonight-Only is a great product that allows customers to save on disclosed hotels. This is not opaque product. It’s pricing available only for tonight. We also offer retail which in many cases is what the consumer is looking for. So our aim is to promote the most attractive products to the widest group of consumers and Express Deals should fit nicely into that. We really view mobile as more than opportunity for the group rather than a challenge. We’ve got the best hotel inventory, both published-price and discounted of any OTA in the world. And a great opportunity with good execution to present that in a way that’s compelling to mobile users. So I don’t want you to misunderstand the opportunity that we have with Express Deals by thinking that mobile is somehow a challenge. We really view it as a great opportunity.
Kevin Kopelman – Cowen and Company: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Nowak of Nomura. Your question please. Actually we go to our next question from Tracy Young of Evercore. Your line is open.
Tracy Young – Evercore Partners: Hi, two questions, I am sorry if I missed this but did you gave guidance on ADRs U.S. versus international? And also just trying to get a sense of your guidance certainly other companies didn’t talked about deceleration that their seeing for Q3. Is your guidance based on what you’ve seen in July or what you expected to see for the quarter? Thanks.
Daniel Finnegan: Tracey, we said for ADRs that international was down 1% in Q2 and we’re assuming that trend will worsen in Q3. For our U.S. hotel service we’ve set it up about 4% for Q3. And I am sorry, what was your second question?
Tracy Young – Evercore Partners: My question was in terms of the guidance.
Daniel Finnegan: All right.
Tracy Young – Evercore Partners: Yes, sorry.
Daniel Finnegan: So our guidance reflects the actual results through the end of July and through the first week of August here. And then we are assuming that there will be fairly significant deceleration in unit growth throughout the remainder of the quarter based upon our concerns particularly in the European market which is about 60% of our business.
Tracy Young – Evercore Partners: Okay, thank you.
Daniel Finnegan: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I’d like to turn the call back over to our speakers for any closing remarks.
Jeffery Boyd: Thank you all very much for participating in our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your program. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-09 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeffery H. Boyd - Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Group Management Board, Director, Chief Executive Officer of Lowestfare.com and Director of Lowestfare.com Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Ex-Officio Member of Group Management Board
Analysts: Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Mark S. Mahaney - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Stephen Ju - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Tom White - Macquarie Research Herman Leung - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Aaron M. Kessler - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Brian Nowak - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Tracy B. Young - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Priceline Group's First Quarter 2012 Conference Call. Priceline would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Priceline's actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of Priceline's earnings press release as well as Priceline's most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Priceline undertakes no obligations to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Priceline's earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the investor relations section of Priceline's website located at www.priceline.com. And now I'd like to introduce the Priceline Group speakers for this afternoon: Jeff Boyd and Dan Finnegan. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Thank you. And welcome to Priceline's First Quarter Conference Call. I'm here with Priceline's CFO, Dan Finnegan. I will make some opening remarks, and Dan will give a detailed financial review. After the prepared portion, we will take questions. Priceline reported consolidated gross bookings for the first quarter of approximately $6.7 billion, up 44% year-over-year. Non-GAAP net income was $221 million or $4.28 per share, up 61% versus prior year. First quarter results surpassed FactSet consensus estimates of $3.95 (sic) [$3.97] per share and our guidance for the quarter. Worldwide hotel room night reservations were 45.9 million for the quarter, up 47% year-over-year. Our international business recorded 58% gross bookings growth on a local currency basis, down from 67% in Q4. Growth rates benefited generally from higher ADRs and continued high growth rates in APAC and the Americas. Growth rates were impacted by slowing growth in Southern European markets and a difficult comp as bookings growth accelerated in the first 2 quarters of last year. International gross bookings also benefited generally from growth in hotel supply and strong results at Rentalcars.com. Booking.com's platform now has over 210,000 hotels and other accommodations, up 55% over last year, and is building its brand in new markets by driving reservations to those destinations and growing demand in those regions for hotels around the world. Agoda continues to expand its network of hotels and is building APAC distribution as the business scales. They have a significant opportunity in the fast-growing APAC market and can also help APAC customers with their travel to other parts of the world. We believe the group's international hotel business is providing great value to its hotel partners. For Booking.com and Agoda, approximately 90% of booked room nights in 2011 went to independent and small group hotels and approximately 70% of those room nights represented reservations for travel in another country. Through our platform and substantial marketing spend, we believe we are providing our participating hotels with a very efficient way to reach the international leisure traveler. Priceline's domestic gross bookings grew 12% in the first quarter due primarily to growth in retail hotel room night gross bookings aided by improved ADRs, growth in retail airline ticket sales and higher fares and growth in domestic rental car reservations. Merchant gross bookings growth of 34% continues to reflect growth at Agoda and Rentalcars.com. Growth of 41% in rental car days represents substantial acceleration from Q4, reflecting improved results in the U.S. business and the growing contribution from Rentalcars.com. Economic conditions in Europe remain a challenge and are reflected in the lower relative growth rates in southern peripheral countries and a weakening of the euro, which puts pressure on our dollar-denominated results. We also now see changes in the political environment which add additional uncertainty. In light of these uncertainties, we believe the group's business performed well in the first quarter, and we are pleased with the progress of our brands in growing and improving their platforms. Our aim is to continue expanding and building our brands, which provides substantial earnings to reinvest in growth while maintaining attractive operating margins. I commend my colleagues around the world for their focus and execution. I will now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Thank you, Jeff. I'll discuss some of the highlights on operating results and cash flows for the quarter and then provide guidance for the second quarter of 2012. Growth rates mentioned in my remarks are in relation to the prior-year comparable period, unless otherwise indicated. Q1 gross bookings grew by 44% driven mainly by our worldwide hotel reservation business. Hotel room nights booked grew by 47% in the first quarter, a deceleration compared to the 53% growth rate achieved in Q4. Average daily rates, or ADRs, were up on a local currency basis by approximately 2% for our international hotel service and by over 5% for our U.S. hotel service for Q1 2012. These results were favorable to our guidance assumption for international ADRs and in line with forecasts for the U.S. FX rates for the first quarter for the euro and British pound were slightly unfavorable for the rates we assumed in our guidance at about 4% and 2%, respectively, unfavorable compared to the prior year. Our Q1 international gross bookings grew by 54%, and by 58% on a local currency basis, in both cases exceeding the top end of our guidance range. The guidance we gave on February 27 was based upon actual results through that date and, as we said on the call, an assumption that growth rates would decelerate as we proceeded through the remainder of the quarter. Hotel room night growth rates for our international business instead accelerated slightly throughout the remainder of the quarter. Performance was generally strong across all regions, and we believe that we increased our share of the hotel reservation market both in the U.S. and internationally during the quarter. We did see softer growth rates and ADR trends for certain Southern European countries. Rental car days booked were up by 41%, driven mainly by strong growth for our Rentalcars.com business. This growth rate reflects acceleration versus Q1 for rental car days booked both through our international and U.S. businesses. Gross bookings growth for our U.S. business of 12% exceeded our forecast for 10% growth. Strong growth in retail hotel room nights booked and higher ADRs were key drivers in year-over-year growth. Name Your Own Price hotel room nights declined slightly, likely as a result of competitive discount hotel initiatives. Airline tickets booked were up by 5%, driven by retail airline tickets, partly offset by a significant decrease in Name Your Own Price tickets due to limited supply resulting from airline capacity cuts. Average airline ticket prices increased by 5% in the quarter. The decrease in Name Your Own Price airline tickets and Name Your Own Price hotel room nights booked has a more pronounced impact on revenue, and merchant revenue in particular, since these transactions are recorded gross in revenue, with supplier cost recorded in cost of revenue. Strong unit growth, combined with some favorability in international ADRs, resulted in over-performance in key operating metrics compared to the top end of our range of guidance and Wall Street consensus. Gross profit for the quarter was $743 million and grew 47%, as compared to prior year. Our international operations generated gross profit of $617 million, which constituted an increase of 59% as compared to the prior year and an increase of 65% on a local currency basis. Gross profit for our U.S. business amounts to $127 million, which represented 8% growth versus prior year. Non-GAAP operating income as a percentage of gross profit amounted to 35.8% for Q1 2012, as compared to 34.9% for the prior year. Operating expenses grew slower than gross profit, resulting in 90 bps of additional operating leverage. Advertising efficiency was favorable to our forecast, but online advertising expense as a percentage of gross profit was 70 bps higher than prior year primarily as a result of business mix. Our international brands, which rely more on our online advertising spend, grew at a faster pace than our U.S. priceline.com business, driving the mix impact. In addition, we continue to see an increasing share of business coming through paid channels. Adjusted EBITDA for Q1 amounted to $272 million, which exceeded our guidance range of $243 million to $253 million and represents 57% growth versus prior year. Non-GAAP net income grew by 61%, including a lower year-over-year cash tax rate due to the Innovation Box Tax benefit in the Netherlands and a lower statutory rate in the U.K. In terms of cash flow, we generated approximately $182 million of cash from operations during the first quarter of 2012, which represents a 34% decrease versus prior year. The decrease is driven largely by our decision to prepay in the quarter $166 million of income taxes for Booking.com in return for an early payment cash discount. These taxes would otherwise have been paid monthly over the year and so subsequent quarters of 2012 will have a lower payment burden as a result. We spent about $14 million on CapEx in the quarter. As we announced in March, we completed a $1 billion convertible debt offering during the first quarter. We believe this represents attractive financing for the company, with a coupon interest rate of 1% and a conversion price of $945 per share. The debt has a 6-year maturity date and generally cannot be converted prior to maturity, unless our stock trades above $1,417 per share. We used $166 million of the proceeds to repurchase shares of Priceline common stock concurrent with the offering. In total, we repurchased $254 million of our common stock in Q1. The remaining proceeds, as well as our other cash and investments totaling $3.6 billion at quarter close, are available for general corporate purposes, including additional share repurchases, acquisitions and debt repayments. Now for second quarter 2012 guidance. We have a difficult comp in Q2 because unit growth in prior-year Q2 was very strong. As I mentioned on our earnings call last year when we reported Q2, our unit growth per hotel room nights accelerated over the back half of the quarter, which provides an even more challenging comp for the remainder of this quarter. Our top line forecast for Q2 reflects our actual results to date and assumes fairly significant deceleration over the back half of the quarter in light of the difficult comp. We are forecasting total gross bookings to grow by 26% to 31%, with U.S. gross bookings growing by approximately 5% to 10%. We expect international gross bookings expressed in U.S. dollars to grow by 32% to 37% and to grow on a local currency basis by approximately 41% to 46%. Our guidance assumes that ADRs for Q2 will be flat to down slightly for our international hotel service compared to up 4% in Q2 2011 and up 2% in Q1. Our forecast assumes Q2 ADRs up by about 6% for our U.S. hotel service. The current level of the U.S. dollar versus Q2 last year, particularly in relation to the euro, will present a significant headwind to our growth rates expressed in U.S. dollars. Our Q2 forecast assumes that foreign exchange rates remain at the same $1.30 per euro and $1.62 per British pound, as yesterday's closing rates, which would result in average exchange rates that would be weaker by 9% for the euro and by 1% for the British pound as compared to the prior year. It is important to remember that, given the challenging economic conditions and the sovereign debt issues facing Europe, we are likely to see volatility in the euro-dollar exchange rate, which can materially impact our results expressed in U.S. dollars. We have hedged contracts in place to substantially shield our second quarter EBITDA and net earnings from any fluctuation in the euro or pound versus the dollar between now and the end of the quarter, but these hedges do not offset the impact of translation on our gross bookings, revenue, gross profit and operating income and do not hedge our earnings beyond the second quarter. We expect Q2 revenue to grow year-over-year by approximately 18% to 23% and gross profit dollars to grow by approximately 31% to 36%. We expect non-GAAP operating income to show very modest deleverage as a percent of gross profit. As I mentioned on the last earnings call, we assume that margins in Q2 and beyond will be impacted by deleverage in online advertising expense due to business mix and potential reduction in ROIs and investment in people, new offices, IT expenses and increased depreciation expense to support the growth of our business. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $450 million and $470 million, which at the midpoint represents 32% growth versus prior year. We are targeting non-GAAP fully diluted EPS of approximately $7.20 to $7.40 per share, which at the midpoint represents 33% growth over the prior year. Our EPS forecast reflects about $4 million of additional year-over-year cash interest expense for Q2 related to the convertible bonds we issued in March and the revolving credit facility we entered in September last year. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax rate of approximately 16.5%, comprised of international income taxes and alternative minimum tax and state income taxes in the U.S. This rate reflects the estimated fully phased-in impact of the Innovation Box Tax benefit in the Netherlands. We expect our full year 2012 cash income tax rate will be approximately 4 to 6 percentage points lower than what it would have been if we did not have the Innovation Box Tax benefit. Our non-GAAP EPS guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of 51.6 million shares based upon yesterday's closing stock price of $716.20. We forecast GAAP EPS of $6.34 to $6.54 per share for Q2. The difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP results is driven by non-GAAP adjustments that are detailed in our earnings release. We also continue to be generally cautious in our outlook for top line growth given the uncertain worldwide economy, potential currency headwinds affecting our results expressed in U.S. dollars and expected sequentially decelerating growth rates for a very large business comparing against high transaction growth rates in each quarter of 2011. We believe that our reported results for Q1 and forecasted results for Q2 demonstrate considerable resilience given the macroeconomic uncertainty that prevailed throughout the quarter and continues today. The recent European election results increased uncertainty regarding Europe's path forward to address sovereign debt challenges. While this uncertainty has not had a pronounced impact on our results to date, we continue to see short-term volatility in our unit growth rates and increased cancellation rates for our international business, which makes it more difficult to forecast trends. In addition, as I mentioned earlier, we have observed weaker transaction growth rates and ADR trends for certain Southern European countries, likely due to the economic conditions and sovereign debt concerns. If macroeconomic conditions were to worsen, it would likely impact consumer discretionary spending which in turn would likely adversely impact the travel market. Our forecast does not assume any material change in macroeconomic conditions in general and conditions in the consumer travel market in particular.  We will now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ross Sandler of RBC Capital Markets.
Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Jeff, you mentioned that international room night growth accelerated in the first quarter, and I think you had a pretty tough comp in 1Q as well, yet you're calling for deceleration in Q2. So could you first just remind us what the [indiscernible] for Q2 tends to look like? And what is your thinking that -- do you see any reason to be a little bit more cautious or conservative on 2Q? And are you seeing the ADR weakness in Southern Europe moving into any other territories within Europe?
Daniel J. Finnegan: For Q1, Ross, what we said was that units decelerated overall, but from the point that we reported at year end and gave guidance for Q1, there was acceleration from that point forward through the end of the quarter. So overall, it was deceleration for the quarter. In terms of linearity on Q2, each month is progressively more significant than the last month and so the biggest part of the quarter, by far, is yet to come. Our forecast reflects the fact that, last year, it was a very strong performance with strong acceleration year-over-year and so we've reflected fairly significant deceleration for the back half this year as a result of that comp. In terms of regions in Europe, the only one that we've called out really as noticeable in terms of softness in growth rate and ADR trend is Southern Europe and only certain countries within southern Europe. Besides that, nothing that I would highlight is being way off trend.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney of Citigroup.
Mark S. Mahaney - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: You made a comment also about -- that 90% of room nights booked at Booking.com and Agoda went to independent and small group hotels. Just to check the opposite: Do you feel like you're having any traction problems with chain hotels? I realize they're less important in the international market. Still, is there anything in that that's a negative in the sense of lack of traction with those larger hotels?
Jeffery H. Boyd: I don't think so, Mark. I think it would be fair to say that Booking.com has been doing business with the large multinational chains, particularly the ones headquartered in the United States for a shorter period of time than priceline.com has, or some of our competition. So there's still some building going on there. But Booking.com is doing well with the international chains. They very much like the international traveler demand, which was the other statistic that I mentioned, where 70% of the room night reservations were for travel in another country and Booking.com is a unique source for that kind of traffic.
Mark S. Mahaney - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And Jeff, real briefly, for that 70% for travel in another country, is it your sense that those are all incremental or very largely incremental to that small independent hotel?
Jeffery H. Boyd: I don't think that, given the size of the business, you could fairly represent that it's all incremental, but what I do believe is that, for most of these hotels, their source of demand for that kind of traffic would be an offline travel agent operating through a consolidator, which is a very, very expensive source of demand for a hotel.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Ju of Crédit Suisse.
Stephen Ju - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So last quarter, it did not seem like you were too concerned, but as we get closer to the Olympics in London, are you seeing anything materially different from your hotel partners in terms of their costs and inventory allocation?
Jeffery H. Boyd: I think you have to keep in mind that the Olympics are for a short period of time and in one city. And our international hotel business is truly global and quite diversified, so that would temper the impact of even a short-term production and supply availability for the City of London during the Olympics. I think our teams have done a very good job of trying to manage for and build availability for our customers during the time period of the Olympics. And I think they're going to do a very good job of selling business during that time period. But given that it's one city and for a 2-week time period and the global nature of our business, I think that's really what was behind our earlier comments.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heath Terry of Goldman Sachs.
Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. Would be curious -- I guess, kind of 2 quick questions. So give us a sense on the impact that you're starting to see, if any, from mobile bookings, particularly where you've started new product offerings like the Booking.com Tonight platform. And then just specifically within China, we've seen a pretty significant increase that appears in the number of hotels listed in China on Booking.com. If you can give us a sense of what's driving that to the extent that you're beginning to see any meaningful traction domestically with -- for bookings in that market.
Jeffery H. Boyd: So with respect to mobile, Heath, certainly, the trend of traffic moving to mobile and an increase in mobile traffic as a percentage of our total traffic is continuing, and it's driven not only by the functionality that we're leasing into the marketplace, but just the proliferation of the devices and consumer adoption. So continues to be a fast-growing source of business, very -- we continue to be very excited about it. And all of our brands are devoting resources to try to capture that opportunity. We are finding our businesses generally performing well in mobile environments. Our applications are ranked well. We've got good traction in terms of downloads. A couple of our brands, Booking.com and priceline.com, have Tonight-Only kinds of offerings. And those are performing well, but I think it's fair to say that the demand for hotels goes beyond the inventory that's available for a Tonight-Only discount. So we're just making a lot of reservations for normal everyday savings on Booking.com. We're making a lot of reservations for opaque hotels on priceline.com where we have the broadest supply of deeply discounted inventory of any other player. And it's really a great opportunity to promote those kinds of products, doing well in the rental car space here in the United States. So we continue to be very excited about it. With respect to China, hotel counts for both Booking.com and Agoda are increasing, and we're devoting resources to increasing our hotel coverage in China. The principal sources of demand for those hotels remains the international traveler for both Booking.com and for Agoda, the international traveler in the APAC region. I think we're doing reasonably well selling international destinations to Chinese travelers because we have, at least in our view, some of the best product out there for them. The purely domestic traveler is something that's still -- is an opportunity that's -- we're not deeply penetrated in. We have some business. We're working on it. We'll continue to work on it, but that's not a big part of the business today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom White from Macquarie.
Tom White - Macquarie Research: My question's on the hotel inventory in your newer regions. How close are you guys to having sort of comprehensive coverage in terms of your hotel networks in your emerging markets of Asia-Pacific and Latin America? And then on capital deployment, you guys bought a significant amount of stock back in the quarter, I think even $100 million beyond what you did concurrently with the convert. Could you maybe update us on your priorities for capital deployment, be it further buybacks, M&A or any other uses?
Jeffery H. Boyd: So with respect to hotel inventory and comprehensiveness, I think we've got a lot of properties that we need to sign up for Agoda and Booking.com, especially in new markets for those brands around the world. I noted in my prepared remarks that the hotel count -- hotel and other accommodation count for Booking.com was up over 50% year-over-year, and that gives an indication that we're still able to add additional properties. I've also said in the past that some of these properties are smaller hotels, other sources of accommodations. So there may be a point of diminishing return with respect to signing up. Some of these properties may not be as valuable as some of the earlier properties that we've signed up, but I think there's a lot of running room especially in the new markets. With respect to capital deployment, our approach to that has not changed. We remain opportunistic. We have an open authorization to repurchase additional common shares, if we should decide to do that. And we also remained active in looking at other businesses, as we have over the last 10 years, and are happy to have a fairly substantial amount of capital to do that if that becomes opportunistic, as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Herman Leung of Susquehanna.
Herman Leung - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Two quick questions for you. First, I guess, when I look at the historical sales and marketing spend, it usually peaks as a percentage of revenue in the first quarter, historically. Wondering -- and you talked about a little bit of deleveraging in terms of marketing ROI. Wondering if you can give us a sense of the cadence of marketing spend as a percentage of revenue as we progress throughout the year. And then, second, I guess I think you mentioned this a bit on the earlier question on supply additions. Wondering -- I mean, at what point -- I mean, when you -- we see a lot more supply additions in certain particular countries, I guess, does that indicate higher demand from the hoteliers trying to bill more rooms or -- and tougher economic cycles on the European market side? Or can you kind of give us a little bit more color on how -- the inventory types that you're actually receiving from some of these suppliers?
Jeffery H. Boyd: So Dan, why don't you do the first one? I'll do the second.
Daniel J. Finnegan: So Herman, for our advertising spend, you have it right. So Q1 is typically a quarter where we have a fair amount of spend as people are shopping for spring and summer travel, and then a large amount of our revenue is recognized in later quarters when the checkouts or car drop-offs occur in Q2 and then, to a much larger degree still, in Q3. So that's the linearity with the spend in relation to revenue recognition.
Jeffery H. Boyd: And on the supply side, when our brands are going into a new market these days, many of the hotels are familiar with the company and the amount of demand, international demand in particular, that Booking.com and Agoda represent. And so many hotels reach out to us directly. Usually, when our folks show up to talk about a contract with a new hotel, they know who we are and they've got a pretty good understanding of what the opportunity is. With respect to sort of what are the issues with the hotels, it's also very important for us to build availability in existing hotels. As our business grows, it's necessary for us to have availability to satisfy the substantial demand we're bringing into the websites. So a big part of the task of our staff is to make sure that the hotels understand the kind of demand they can get from us and are providing availability so that we can satisfy that demand. And as you get into high season, that becomes of a paramount importance contrasted to getting the next new hotel in the front door.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Millman of Millman Research.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: In the first quarter, Expedia said that their revenue per hotel was actually declined 6%. Just kind of wondering what yours was in the first quarter and how that, say, compared sequentially with the third and fourth quarters.
Jeffery H. Boyd: When you say revenue per hotel, Michael, are you saying per hotel that they have on their system or per room night?
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Per room night, sorry.
Jeffery H. Boyd: I think what -- their commentary there was driven in part by their own margin situation. They may have hotel room nights that are being stayed in more recent quarters at a lower commission or perhaps on an agency model rather than a merchant model with a little bit lower revenue per room night for Expedia. And I think they also indicated that they were doing some discounting, particularly at the Hotwire brand. And so those 2 things would be particular to them and not necessarily applying to us.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Well, I think they also mentioned that the biggest growth was in low-revenue markets as well.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Well, we certainly see lower ADRs in some markets compared to others. And for example, some markets in Asia can have lower ADRs, so mix of business regionally can have an impact on your ADRs for sure.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: So are you saying that Priceline did not see a decline in revenue per night in the first quarter and previous quarters?
Jeffery H. Boyd: We do not give the exact same statistic that Expedia does, but you can look at our international gross profit dollars, which are mostly hotels, and compare that to room nights and try to come up with your own triangulation. But that's not something that we specifically disclose at the Priceline Group.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Are you likely to do that in the future?
Jeffery H. Boyd: I would think, not.
Operator: Our next question comes from Aaron Kessler of Raymond James.
Aaron M. Kessler - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. First, I think you -- in the past, you've mentioned that a lot hotels in Europe are using Booking.com as their exclusive booking platform. I'm just curious if that's still the case for a lot of hotels. And second, just mainly on the domestic guide, a little softer, 5% to 10%, is that just a tougher comp?
Jeffery H. Boyd: I don't think we've represented that a lot of hotels use Booking.com exclusively. And if they do so, it's not because there's any agreement to do so, it's because they've chosen to use their resources for something else rather than signing up another hotel provider. That's not a baked in part of the Booking.com strategy. And I'm sorry, your second? You went pretty fast there.
Aaron M. Kessler - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Yes, sorry. So the domestic guide of 5% to 10%, does that just imply a tougher comp versus last year?
Daniel J. Finnegan: Well, we pointed out for Q1, Aaron, that retail airline tickets performed strongly, and so that drives a fairly sizable amount of gross booking dollars. And we're not forecasting the same level of strength for Q2. So somewhat of an impact on the gross bookings line but less of an impact on gross profit.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Post of Bank of America.
A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Jeff, maybe a bigger picture question on saturation with hotels. How's the pipeline for new hotels add looking? I will just start with your most mature market, Europe. Is there still a lot of opportunity for you to add hotels, or is it really just about bookings per hotel? And how much room do you still have there? And then I think you mentioned in the prepared remarks, traffic from paid channels is increasing. Does that concern you? Is that something that we might have to worry about margin pressure down the road?
Jeffery H. Boyd: Justin, so in terms of saturation with hotels, we've been adding properties even in places like the U.K., which is the most mature online travel market. Some of those properties are not hotels, they're B&Bs and vacation apartments and the like. So as I've mentioned previously, it's not the same as adding a hotel that's got 1,000 rooms in it or something, but it provides additional accommodations for customers and adds value to the platform. So we continue to find properties and accommodations to bring on to the website. As I mentioned in response to an earlier question, availability continues to be very important, but there's a lot of very big regions outside of Europe where we've got some substantial hotel staff for both Booking.com and Agoda signing up new hotels and new properties. So I do think that the growth that we've been able to demonstrate in the Booking.com hotel platform has been pretty impressive over the last year, at least in our opinion, despite having been at this in the European market for many, many years and successfully so. With respect to the increase in paid traffic, any online consumer-facing business would love for all of the customers to come directly to our website without going anywhere else first, and so we try very hard to build our strong brands and an outstanding user experience so that, if we have to pay for a customer once, we have a very good chance of getting them back directly. And our data shows we do a pretty good job of driving repeat business. Having said that, paid channels in the online world provide measurable and attractive way to access new customers and so we'd like to see the business grow in paid channels. And in fact, it's critical to the growth of our business around the world that we continue to do well in paid channels. If you look at the thing that's driving the biggest part of the mix that Dan mentioned, it's really the fact that the international business, which really is in online brands, or our all online brands, are going faster than the domestic business. And at the very highest level, that's something that we're very happy about because it's building franchise value and building our earnings.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Olson of Piper Jaffray.
Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Our checks are suggesting that you're just doing significantly more paid search marketing in emerging market versus primary [indiscernible] competitors. And given the critical first mover advantage in the auxiliary [ph] space, are you expecting to see kind of significantly more resources being pumped into those markets from your competitors? In other words, does it only get tougher from here in emerging markets? Or do you think those competitors are focused enough on domestic and Europe share gains that there's still runway for you to stay materially ahead?
Jeffery H. Boyd: So I think that the Asian markets, in particular, are very competitive today. Not only are our major competitors there and effectively so, there are a lot of local businesses that are our solid competitors too in the search marketplace. So we don't feel like we're operating in a market that doesn't have solid competition in it today. And based on the public pronouncements of Expedia in particular, I think they have been very aggressive in Asia over the last couple of years, and I would expect them to continue to be so. The critical element in all of this is that, in order for somebody to advertise, though, they have to have something to sell and they have to have a website and a consumer proposition that converts because you can spend all the money in the world but that's not a guarantee that the customer actually buys something when they get to your website. And I think that's the challenge that we all face when we go into a new market. But we've had pretty good success in building that organic growth, first, with the international traveler who wants to go to that new destination and then, over time, with the domestic traveler.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Anmuth of JPMorgan.
Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So I wanted to ask about 2 things. First, can you just provide some more detail on the drivers of deleverage in 2Q and beyond, perhaps beyond the paid traffic, which you obviously just discussed? And then secondly, can you talk about Bookings.com in the U.S. and, in particular, about the impact, the lateral impact, that you're seeing there on the U.S. retail business?
Jeffery H. Boyd: Dan will do the first one and I'll do the second.
Daniel J. Finnegan: So Doug, for the second quarter guidance, we talked about very modest deleverage, so I wouldn't spend too much time on that. We've talked about the mix impact on online advertising impacting us. And I made a comment in my remarks about -- we're constantly concerned about if ROIs were to decline because of factors that are not entirely within our control: click costs increased or unit economics decreased, conversion rates decrease. That could have a potentially significant impact on our operating leverage. But besides that, the other factors are not quite as dramatic. We've had some ramp-up in personnel to make sure that we're able to handle the current size of the business and future expected growth. We've opened some new offices. We've invested in IT and we've had increased depreciation expense. So those are other items that contribute to pressure on operating margins. But our margins have been strong in prior reported quarters. And it's modest deleverage for Q2. So those are some things that we think about, particularly as it relates to online advertising, which is such a significant expense for us. And if facts change there, that could have an impact, going forward.
Jeffery H. Boyd: With respect to Booking.com, in the United States, Booking continues to build its hotel supply here. The project started off primarily as a way to provide inventory for the international traveler coming into the United States, and that's still a big part of the business for Booking.com. It's clearly serving some U.S. customers traveling within the United States these days. I think investors should keep in mind that those reservations are not included in how we define growth in the U.S. business. They're included in Booking.com's results, which are reflected in our international numbers. But we're satisfied with their progress, and they're going to keep building.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Kopelman of Cowen and Company.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Can you give us any color on what you're seeing from the Google Hotel Finder platform so far? Is that a meaningful channel for you? And how are you thinking about it?
Jeffery H. Boyd: Hotel Finder, we participate in it and we've worked hard to provide a competitive offering for that particular product of Google. They are not driving substantial amounts of their general search traffic to Hotel Finder at this point in time. So while it's generating some business and that business is growing, it hasn't substantially replaced what's being provided through their normal text link search functionality.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Nowak of Nomura.
Brian Nowak - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And I have 2 quick questions. The first one is just, can you talk a little bit more about the room night trends you saw in Europe throughout the quarter? And whether there was any deceleration in the larger European markets, the northern markets, or was it pretty steady? And then the second one, I was just kind of curious about trying to better understand the visibility that you have throughout the year right now. How far does the bookings window stretch into 2012 at this point? And whether you're seeing any signs of improvement, stability or weakness in the second half of the year.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Brian, in terms of room night trends in Europe, it's still a substantial part of our international business and our total worldwide business, and so the trends are following what you see in our total room night trends. So there is deceleration in Q1, and that is again largely due to the comp where we had very strong growth last year in Q1. In terms of visibility into the remainder of the year, our -- we've said in the past our bookings window is better expressed in weeks rather than months, so we have some visibility into this quarter and beyond, but it becomes more and more limited the farther out you advance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tracy Young of Evercore.
Tracy B. Young - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Just, first question, and I'm sorry if I missed this, but what was the main reason -- it looks like your domestic revenues were flat with last year-ago quarter. And also you mentioned a change in consumer habits in terms of cancellations. Are you also seeing any difference in the length of time spent?
Jeffery H. Boyd: With respect to the main reason domestic revenues are flat is the Name Your Own Price business results, which are reported on a gross basis, had weaker results than the retail business, which is recorded on a net basis. So you saw our U.S. gross profit dollars are up, U.S. gross bookings are up, but revenue was flat because the Name Your Own Price business is a smaller part of the mix. And I'm sorry, Tracy, the second question?
Tracy B. Young - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Oh, just a follow-up on your comments about the consumer -- change in consumer habits. You mentioned that you're seeing more cancellations. Are you also seeing any change in the length of time spent per visitor?
Jeffery H. Boyd: I don't think we've given any color on length of stay. That's not something we have for you.
Operator: Our final question comes from Lloyd Walmsley of DB Americas.
Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just wondering, you mentioned adding inventory in bed-and-breakfast and vacation rentals in the U.K., in particular. How do you guys think about that space and the trade-offs potentially in adding more inventory there versus hotels in terms of take rates and potential cannibalization? If you have concerns there at all, or not.
Jeffery H. Boyd: I don't think cannibalization is a significant concern. We have substantial hotel inventory for customers who want to stay in hotels. The other accommodations typically are attractive to people who are searching for other accommodations, and our marketing efforts would tend to be more focused on people who are looking for other accommodations. There may be some spillover, but our belief is that adding that inventory to the total mix has been additive. The efficiency may not be the same as adding a large hotel who's got a professional revenue manager, who's keeping the prices up to date. It may take a little bit more time and attention to make sure that the people who are running a smaller business can keep their inventory up to date and get their pricing right. But we believe it's additive to the business. And what we're most focused on, really, is our user experience, our guest experience, to make sure that they're -- they have a convenient and predictable booking experience and stay experience.
Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And you find that, that experience is of par on the department side?
Jeffery H. Boyd: Again, I think staying at a bed-and-breakfast is different than staying at a hotel. So if a customer is confused, you could have an issue there. But our sites have great disclosure on them and our business processes are designed to make sure that the process of making a reservation is smooth. And if we have an accommodation where we're getting a lot of complaints from customers, we would deal with it.
Operator: And gentlemen, this does conclude the question-and-answer portion of our call. Are there any closing remarks?
Jeffery H. Boyd: Thank you for participating in our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude your program. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-27 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeffery H. Boyd - Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Group Management Board, Director, Chief Executive Officer of Lowestfare.com and Director of Lowestfare.com Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Stephen Ju - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Brian Nowak - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Naved Khan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Mark S. Mahaney - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Tom White - Macquarie Research Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Tracy B. Young - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Herman Leung - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jeetil J. Patel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Priceline Group's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2011 Conference Call. Priceline would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Priceline's actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of Priceline's earnings press release, as well as Priceline's most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Priceline undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Priceline's earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the Investor Relations section of Priceline's website located at www.priceline.com. And now I'd like to introduce the Priceline Group's speakers for this afternoon, Mr. Jeff Boyd and Mr. Dan Finnegan. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Thank you very much, and welcome to Priceline's Fourth Quarter Conference Call. I'm here with Priceline CFO, Dan Finnegan. I will make some opening remarks, and Dan will give a detailed financial review. After the prepared portion, we'll take questions. Priceline reported consolidated gross bookings for the fourth quarter of approximately $5 billion, up 52% year-over-year. Non-GAAP net income was $276.8 million or $5.37 per share, up 58% versus prior year. Fourth quarter results surpassed First Call consensus estimates of $5.05 per share and our guidance for the quarter. Worldwide hotel room night reservations were $33.6 million for the quarter, up 53% year-over-year. For the full year, Priceline reported gross bookings of $21.7 billion, up 59% from 2010 and non-GAAP net income per share of $23.45, a 74% increase over 2010. Growth rates for our international business increased slightly on a local currency basis during the quarter, with 67% gross bookings growth. International gross bookings growth rates benefited from increased ADRs, growth in new markets and growth in hotel supply. Booking.com continued to build its worldwide hotel supply platform, with now approximately 195,000 hotels and other accommodations in 160 countries. Booking.com has maintained an impressive rate of new property acquisition. Keep in mind, however, that many new properties, especially in highly penetrated markets, are smaller, have fewer rooms and potentially lower ADRs and may appeal to a smaller subset of customers, for example, hostels and bed and breakfasts, and therefore may generate less commission revenue over time. Booking.com's focus on new markets in Asia, South America and North America continues, with reservations to those destinations growing faster than core markets and increasing as a share of total reservations. Booking.com is also making substantial investment in people to promote and manage the expansion of its hotel and geographic base. While high growth rates in new markets are encouraging, we believe Booking.com still has a substantial opportunity to grow in its core markets. A recent study published by Eurostat, the statistical office of the European Union, reported 1.6 billion room nights stayed in 2011 in the 27 EU countries. Priceline's group-wide room nights booked in the EU 27 in 2011 represents a mid-single-digit percentage of that total, although our share may be higher or lower in a given destination. Priceline's domestic gross bookings grew 16% in the fourth quarter due primarily to growth in sales of retail hotel room night reservations, retail rental car reservations and growth in airline ticket sales and average ticket prices. Hotel room night booking growth also benefited from higher ADRs. Priceline's opaque hotel service continued to be impacted by the increase in competitive discount offerings in the market. Merchant gross bookings growth of 37% primarily reflects growth in the merchant businesses of Agoda and rentalcars.com, formerly TravelJigsaw. Agoda continues to build its business in the Asian region and continues to report impressive year-over-year growth in gross bookings, contributing to the overall international and merchant growth we are reporting. These results were delivered despite the negative impact of the floods in Thailand, which caused the loss of some reservations and higher cancellations. We are grateful for the team's efforts in dealing with the effect of the floods and continuing to move the business forward. In 2011, rentalcars.com substantially completed the transition of its business from a number of brands under TravelJigsaw, such as Carhire3000, to rentalcars.com. For many years, the group has operated a retail offering in the United States with the rentalcars.com URL. We believe rentalcars.com is one of the leading domain names for online rental car reservations, and the team is delighted to consolidate the U.S. retail business with TravelJigsaw's international business and drive investment to build the rentalcars.com brand worldwide. We are very pleased with the growth of our brands in 2011 and with the progress each made in building its franchise for the future. As we have stated in previous calls, we expect growth rates to decelerate due to the large scale of the business we operate. We are also cautious in view of continued challenging economic conditions, particularly in Southern Europe where we believe austerity programs and recessionary conditions have had a negative effect on growth rates. Our aim is to continue building our strength in new markets, gain share in core markets and pursue innovation, which we believe will allow us to build on our leadership position as the markets change. In summary, the business performed well in the fourth quarter, and I commend my colleagues around the world for their focus and execution. I will now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Thanks, Jeff. I'll discuss some of the highlights and operating results and cash flows for the quarter and then provide guidance for the first quarter of fiscal 2012. Growth rates mentioned in my remarks are in relation to the prior year comparable period, unless otherwise indicated. Q4 was a strong quarter from a top line growth perspective. Gross bookings grew by 52%, driven mainly by our worldwide hotel reservation business. Hotel room nights booked grew by 53% in the fourth quarter, representing sequential acceleration compared to the 47% growth rate achieved in Q3. Average daily rates, or ADRs, were up on a local currency basis by approximately 2% for our international hotel service and by about 6% for our U.S. hotel service for Q4 2011. FX rates for the fourth quarter for the euro and British pound were each about 2% unfavorable to the rates we assumed in our guidance and about 1% unfavorable compared to the prior year. Our Q4 international gross bookings grew by 65.5% and by 67% on a local currency basis, in both cases, exceeding the top end of our guidance range. The guidance we gave on November 7 was based upon actual results through that date and, as we said on the call, the assumption that growth rates would decelerate as we proceeded through the remainder of the quarter. Hotel room night growth rates for our international business instead accelerated through the remainder of the quarter. And as we'll see in a moment when we discuss guidance, these bookings are expected to contribute to gross profit growth in Q1 upon checkout. Performance was generally strong across all regions, with newer markets for Booking.com, namely North America, Asia Pacific and South America growing well in excess of our consolidated growth rate. But we do see softer growth rates in ADR trends for certain Southern European countries. Rental car days booked were up by 34%, driven mainly by strong growth for our rentalcars.com business. The rentalcars.com team has done a good job of transitioning the brand and building their infrastructure. The business delivered results in 2011 that exceeded our expectations and is off to a good start in 2012. Gross bookings growth for our U.S. business of 16% exceeded our forecast for 13% growth. Strong growth in retail hotel room nights booked and higher ADRs were key drivers in year-over-year growth. Name Your Own Price hotel room nights declined slightly, likely as a result of competitive discount hotel initiatives. Airline tickets booked were up by 6% in the quarter, reflecting good growth in the retail airline tickets, partly offset by a modest decrease in Name Your Own Price tickets due to limited availability to discounted tickets, resulting from further capacity flux by the airline industry. An 11% increase in average retail ticket prices also contributed to gross bookings growth. U.S. rental car business had a good quarter, helped by strong retail bookings and availability of discounted rates for its opaque business. The strong gross bookings performance helped drive bottom line results that exceeded the top end of our range of guidance and First Call consensus. Gross profit for the quarter was $725 million and grew 51% as compared to prior year. Our international operations generated gross profit of $609 million, which constituted an increase of 63% as compared to the prior year, an increase of 66% on a local currency basis. Gross profit for our U.S. business amounted to $116 million, which represented 10% growth versus prior year. Non-GAAP operating income as a percentage of gross profit amounted to 46.5% for Q4 2011 as compared to 46.1% for the prior year. Operating expenses grew slower than gross profit, resulting in 40 bps of additional operating leverage. However, online advertising expense as a percentage of gross profit was 220 bps higher than prior year, primarily as a result of business mix. Our international business, which relies more on online advertising spend, grew at a faster pace than our U.S. business, driving the mixed impact. In addition, our price on U.S. business continues to see an increase in share of its business coming through paid channels. Adjusted EBITDA for Q4 amounted to $344 million, which exceeded our guidance range of $310 million to $330 million, and represents 54% growth versus prior year. Non-GAAP net income grew by 58%, including a lower year-over-year cash tax rate due to the Innovation Box Tax benefit in the Netherlands and a lower statutory rate in the U.K. In terms of cash flow, we generated approximately $282 million of cash from operations during the fourth quarter 2011, which represents a 57% increase versus prior year. We spent about $17 million on CapEx in the quarter, and we spent about $47 million on a full year basis, which represents a sizable increase compared to prior year. This spending is principally for additional IT capacity and office build-outs to support growth and geographic expansion, including new office facilities for Booking.com in Amsterdam and the U.K. We expect future CapEx spending to also be higher than historical prior year levels as we continue to spend to support business growth. At quarter close, our cash and investments of $2.7 billion exceed our outstanding debt balance by about $2.1 billion. We also have a $1 billion revolving credit facility that is undrawn and does not expire until 2016. Now for first quarter 2012 guidance. We are forecasting total gross bookings to grow by 33% to 38%, with U.S. gross bookings growing by approximately 10%. We expect international gross bookings expressed in U.S. dollars to grow by 41% to 46% as compared to last year and to grow on a local currency basis by approximately 43% to 48%. Our guidance assumes that ADRs for Q1 will be flat to up slightly for our international hotel service and up by about 5% to 6% for our U.S. hotel service. Our Q1 forecast assumes that exchange rates remain at the same $1.34 per euro and $1.59 per British pound as Friday's closing rates, which would result in average exchange rates that would be weaker by 3% for the euro and by 2% for the British pound as compared to the prior year. Although euro has increased in value versus the U.S. dollar recently, it is important to remember that, given challenging economic conditions and the sovereign debt issues facing Europe, we are likely to see volatility in the euro-dollar exchange rate, which can materially impact our results expressed in U.S. dollars. We have hedge contracts in place to substantially shield our first quarter EBITDA and net earnings from any fluctuation in the euro or pound versus the dollar between now and the end of the quarter. But these hedges do not offset the impact of translation on our gross bookings, revenue, gross profit and operating income and do not hedge our earnings beyond the first quarter. We expect Q1 revenue to grow year-over-year by approximately 22% to 27% and gross profit dollars to grow by approximately 40% to 45%. We expect non-GAAP operating income to grow at a slower pace than gross profit, mainly due to deleveraged and online advertising expense, where we expect to continue to see a trend of our business mix shifting to international and online paid channels. In addition, we assume that Q1 margins will be impacted by our continued investment in people, offices, IT expenses and increased depreciation expense related to CapEx to support the growth of our business. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $243 million and $253 million, which at the midpoint represents 43% growth versus prior year. We are targeting non-GAAP fully diluted EPS of approximately $3.80 to $3.90 per share, which at the midpoint represents 45% growth over prior year. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax rate of approximately 16%, comprised of international income taxes and the alternative minimum tax and state income taxes in the U.S. This rate reflects the estimated impact of the Innovation Box Tax benefit in the Netherlands. We expect our full year 2012 cash income tax rate will be approximately 4 to 6 percentage points lower than it would have been if we did not have the Innovation Box Tax benefit. Our GAAP EPS guidance -- our non-GAAP EPS guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of 51.7 million shares based upon Friday's closing stock price of $590.41. We expect to report GAAP EPS of $3.10 to $3.20 per share for Q1. The difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP results is driven by non-GAAP adjustments that are reconciled in detail in our earnings release. Our guidance reflects the growth rate deceleration observed in our actual results to date and assumes continued deceleration through the remainder of the quarter. We believe that the gross bookings growth rates inherent in our Q1 guidance are likely impacted by a challenging comparable quarter for Q1 2011 in which we experienced exhilaration in growth rates as compared to Q4 2010. Our Q1 2012 growth rate has also likely been impacted by extreme weather across Europe and the impact of weak economic conditions and sovereign debt concerns in Europe. We believe that our reported results demonstrate considerable resilience given the macroeconomic uncertainty that prevailed throughout the quarter and continues today. While this uncertainty has not had a pronounced impact on our results to date, we have seen short-term volatility in our unit growth rates and increased cancellation rates for our International business, which makes it more difficult to forecast trends. In addition, as I mentioned earlier, we have observed weaker transaction growth rate and ADR trends for certain Southern European countries, likely due to economic conditions and sovereign debt concerns. If these problems were to intensify or spread to other key markets, our business would be adversely impacted. I want to take a moment to comment on a few industry and market factors as we look to the balance of 2012. A number of our competitors have experienced substantial margin compression as part of a program of investment to position their businesses for growth. On the other hand, our group has seen improvement in operating leverage over the past several years. While we do not currently foresee substantial margin compression associated with large IT platform rebuilds and the like, there are factors that could put pressure on margins going forward, including continued growth in the mix of paid online business; decreases in marketing ROIs tied to click costs, pressure on unit economics or conversion rates; high growth in markets like Asia, which are at an earlier stage of development and have lower operating margins compared to more mature markets; and continued investment in geographic expansion and hotel additions, which may, as Jeff just discussed, provide diminishing returns over time. We also continue to be generally cautious in our outlook for top line growth given the uncertain worldwide economy, potential currency headwinds affecting our results expressed in U.S. dollars and expected sequentially decelerating growth rates for a very large business comparing against high transaction growth rates in each quarter of 2011. Our forecast does not assume any material change in macroeconomic conditions in general and conditions in the consumer travel market in particular. We will now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question or comment comes from the line of Mr. Stephen Ju from Crédit Suisse.
Stephen Ju - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: As we look at the balance of 2012, this is a year in which we have a series of major soccer and Olympics tournaments, all hitting Western and Eastern Europe all during the year. Any color you can give us in terms of what the impact, if any, your business might see on what's been the impact in the past with the 2006 World Cup in Germany also?
Daniel J. Finnegan: Well, Stephen, our business is so diverse now geographically that we typically don't notice the impact of an event like that showing up and having a dramatic impact on our consolidated results. The World Cup years back, at one point, we thought that it helped our growth rate. And then a year later, we determined that it likely hurt our growth rate. So it's hard also to determine the specific impact of these events when you've got a business that's growing at very fast rates. That said, we are focusing in the U.K. to make sure that we've got good availability during the Olympics. And it's likely that would drive some higher ADRs in that market and those are positive factors for us.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mr. Brian Nowak from Nomura.
Brian Nowak - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I was curious about -- if you could speak about some of your recent most -- most recent APAC trends and if you're still seeing the triple-digit bookings growth you were seeing a few quarters ago? And then also, any more clarity on sort of the relative regional growth rates you're seeing at Booking.com and how the North American growth rate compares to APAC or the Latin American growth rate?
Jeffery H. Boyd: We typically do not break down regional trends. What we've said in this call and in prior calls is that for the international hotel business and for Booking.com, new markets include APAC, South America and North America and that those businesses are growing more rapidly than the core Western European markets. And that was a trend observed in the fourth quarter. We haven't given any more detail really beyond that.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mr. Ross Sandler from RBC Capital.
Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Dan, I just had 2 quick questions. First, you mentioned flat to slightly up ADR from 1Q. The question is, if ADR starts to potentially go negative in 2012, how does that impact the unit economics and overall EBITDA to gross profit? And then the second question is, now that TripAdvisor has separated from Expedia, could that potentially be a bigger source of in-market traffic? And how does the ROI compare on TripAdvisor versus Google?
Daniel J. Finnegan: So on the first question, Ross, weakening ADRs have a negative impact on our business. First of all, that means the price of the hotel stay is lower and we get a percentage of that daily ADR, and so our take goes down. It can have a negative impact on our operating leverage as well because it means that the unit economics for our online advertising are adversely impacted, and so that's one of the items we were referring to there when we say this is something we look at and worry about for going forward. So we've been lucky or we've been fortunate over the past several quarters to have strong advertising efficiency for online advertising, but that could certainly change due to factors outside of our control such as how ADRs move or what happens with click costs. So that would have a potentially negative impact on that metric, which could drive pressure on our operating margins.
Jeffery H. Boyd: And with respect to TripAdvisor, they are a good source of traffic for us now and a good advertising partner for us. We continue to look for ways to improve our business with them. With respect to the ROIs on TripAdvisor, we wouldn't comment on what the relative ROIs are versus any other pay channel. But suffice it to say that they're attractive enough for us to do significant business with them.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mr. Naved Khan from Jefferies.
Naved Khan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Jeff, you spoke about a negative impact from extreme weather in Europe. Can you quantify the impact and what's in your guidance for Q1? And then I have a follow-up.
Jeffery H. Boyd: We don't have a specific quantification for the impact of extreme weather. Many of you saw in the papers, there was a period of weeks where there was extreme cold in Europe that was experienced as far south as Rome, very, very unusual cold snap. And we believe that had an impact on the business during that time, but we don't have a quantification of that for you.
Naved Khan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then in the U.S., obviously, it seems like you are emphasizing more towards the online advertising versus TV ads. So as you look to sort of reposition the business, is it that you're sort of turning away from Name Your Own Price and focusing more on hotel-only kind of business? Or how should we be thinking about it?
Jeffery H. Boyd: There's no question that the dominant theme in our television advertising in the United States this quarter is around retail hotel product where you don't have to bid. And we think that campaign has been very successful and has created a lot of PR buzz in terms of generating awareness. That's certainly not to say that we are de-emphasizing or in any way walking away from the Name Your Own Price business, which continues to be one of our signature products and great value for consumers. But our research with consumers has shown us over the years that there still are a very large number of U.S. consumers that don't even really know that priceline.com offers a full retail hotel product. And having made the investment to build that inventory to be one of the largest inventories available and many more choices for consumers, we thought it was important to underline that at this point in time.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mr. Mark Mahaney from Citigroup.
Mark S. Mahaney - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Two broad questions. First, in terms of thinking about Asia Pacific and Latin America, in terms of the marketing branding that you want to do with those names, what I'm trying to get at is, do you think this is still a multi-year approach you're going to need to take in order to continue to build out the Agoda brand, to continue to build out the Booking.com brand? Do you feel like you're half way through that kind of marketing investment cycle or core? Is there anything you could do to quantify that? And then, could you also talk broadly about the rental cars business going forward and how, if there's a way you think about how big that could be to Priceline over the next 3- to 5-year time horizon to the extent to which you think it's an easy cross-sell or is it a completely separately run business?
Jeffery H. Boyd: Okay, Mark, so with respect to APAC branding, it's definitely a multi-year investment. If you look at how long both Agoda and Booking.com have been in the APAC market, the relative market share that both brands have, the massive size of that market, especially when you take into consideration China and Japan, which have very, very low penetration of multinational online travel agents selling in market. We have to look at that as a multi-year opportunity. We view that is as good news because it means we have -- if we can execute a long period of growth to look forward to and keep in mind that we've been investing in those markets for years. And we're able to do so, I think, with still having a respectable margin situation. Put another way, we make money in APAC. We're not deficit spending. It's just that the margins in that market are not as high, the operating margins, as they are in other markets where we've been in operating for a longer time. With respect to rentalcars.com, we're excited about the opportunity for rentalcars.com, but we are mindful of the fact that the rental car market internationally is a much smaller market than the hotel market. And therefore, the opportunity to grow and to grow to be of a material size to the group is something that's going to take longer. While there is some cross-sell that we do take advantage of and we'll continue to take advantage of, rentalcars.com is going to have to be successful, completely independent of that, because the cross-sell opportunities are not going to be enough to really build that into a giant business by themselves. And so that's one of the reasons we're excited about the re-branding because we think under one URL, a URL as good as rentalcars.com, you've got a real shot at building a very strong international brand that can stand on its own.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mr. Heath Terry from Goldman Sachs.
Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I know you don't want to go into specific detail regionally, but can you give us a sense of where you're seeing the strongest cross-border activity, particularly for Booking.com, to the extent that you're starting to see some traction in the U.S.? And then what kind of traffic into Asia you're seeing, particularly relative to kind of the intra-market that Agoda sees?
Jeffery H. Boyd: Heath, we don't, as you know, give a lot of detail on this. Just speaking very broadly, if you look at Booking.com's business in a lot of these new markets, it's driven in the first instance by the very substantial pool of international travelers that Booking can access because of its network around the world. So the entrance into these markets is often driven by the international traveler. And as Booking.com is able to build up significant inventory and significant content in local languages, the domestic traveler comes next. It wouldn't be surprising if the domestic traveler was initially more interested in international destinations because Booking.com has the best international inventory. But over time, our hope is that Booking.com is able to drive a significant, purely in-country business, and that certainly has happened in Western Europe. With respect to Asia in particular, relatively speaking, Agoda is more driven by the Asian traveler, and Booking.com is more driven by the international traveler.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mr. Tom White from Macquarie.
Tom White - Macquarie Research: There's been a recent sort of spike in fuel costs. I was wondering if you guys could talk a bit about the impact of any sort of prolonged increase in fuel cost on your business and maybe parse it out by product, air versus hotel, and also if there's any sort of interesting differences by geographies.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Tom, we haven't seen any impact in our results to-date. We think the Q4 results are strong, and the Q1 guidance is positive as well. But certainly, something that takes a big bite out of discretionary spending available for travelers is not a positive factor for our business. So if fuel prices go higher or stay elevated for a prolonged period of time, that's a negative factor. But it hasn't had a negative impact to-date. In terms of parsing it by segment or travel, I mean, the higher fuel prices typically drive even higher airline ticket prices. We've already seen that over the last several quarters even without the dramatically higher fuel prices. So we've already been contending with that. Higher ticket prices also make it harder for leisure travelers to be able to afford the travel, and that's not helpful. But since our business is predominantly hotel-centric, to the extent that they still travel by car or train or shorter flight, we would hope to have the ability to tap into that booking.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mr. Kevin Crissey from UBS.
Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: You've got a nice cash balance. Any thought on acquisition opportunities and thoughts on maybe entering the corporate travel management market?
Daniel J. Finnegan: Well, we're happy we have a good strong cash balance, and we don't feel any pressure to spend that in a hurry. We look at every acquisition opportunity that comes into the market, and we would look to be involved with acquisitions in the future as we have in the past. And then we also look at buying our stock back from time to time on an opportunistic basis, and we'd likely continue to do that in the future as well. We've got our convertible debt that doesn't come through until 2015, but that would be a use of cash as well. In terms of getting more involved in corporate managed travel, we don't see that at this point, Kevin. It's an area that as you track [indiscernible] for expediency, it's not a very profitable business. It's very high-touch. A lot of gross bookings, not a lot of profits, so it's not a priority for us at the moment.
Operator: Our next comment or question comes from the line of Tracy Young from Evercore.
Tracy B. Young - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I don't know if you'll answer this specifically, but you did mention that there would be an increase in CapEx. Is there anything that we should expect in terms of targets in Asia or something that would be a significant boost in CapEx? And then also, the domestic bookings is 10%. You did mention the ADRs are up about 6% for the quarter, so that seems a little bit low. Is there anything you can provide as far as guidance on that?
Jeffery H. Boyd: I'll hit the CapEx question, and Dan can hit the domestic growth question. And the short answer is there's no particular IT project that we would point you to. If you look at our CapEx increases, it's typically been for general IT build-out to handle the growing traffic loads associated with growing business and to a degree, the expansion of our office space. We've hired a substantial number of employees in 2011. Our office needs have grown. We have new office space in Amsterdam, as well as in the U.K. for Booking.com, so there's some office space build-out in there as well.
Daniel J. Finnegan: And Tracy, on the domestic growth rate question, we said ADR is up 5% to 6% for Q1. And you're right, we are projecting about 10% gross bookings growth. So if you look at what we talked about for Q4, we've had strong growth in our retail hotel room night bookings and that trend is likely to continue. We've had some modest declines in our Name Your Own Price hotel business, which is our biggest business in the U.S., and so that has a negative impact on growth rates. Besides that, you can have some volatility in Name Your Own Price airline tickets depending upon our ability to obtain discounted rates, and that varies depending upon how the market is developing in that quarter. All else being equal, it's going to be more difficult just given the capacity that the carriers have put in place in the last quarter or so. So those would be the key drivers for domestic.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mr. Mike Olson from Piper Jaffray.
Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: I know you don't want to talk about specific growth rates by country, but could you highlight a couple of the top specific emerging market countries within Asia and South America that you just feel you're best positioned to have a leadership position in and that offer the highest potential growth opportunity in the next couple of years? And then maybe the opposite as well, are there any particular emerging market countries that have just proven particularly challenging or that you're avoiding?
Jeffery H. Boyd: As you guys know, we try not to get down to country by country. With respect to the business in Asia, Thailand has always been a key destination for us. We've underlined that over the last couple of years as there have been disruptions in Thailand from exogenous events. Hong Kong, Singapore, also good markets. I'm not going to represent whether we do or don't have a leadership position in any particular market. And if you look at Australia, New Zealand, that's an attractive market for us. We're certainly not the market leader there, but we still think there's opportunity there. Historically, our approach to the region has been focused primarily outside of China and India. And we are not excluding those markets as being of interest to us and we are investing in those markets. So those are places where our business is relatively small and where the opportunity potential is enormous.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mr. Douglas Anmuth from JPMorgan.
Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I know you mentioned the 220 basis points of deleverage in online advertising, but can you talk more about the trends that you're seeing in search, both paid and organic? There's a number of companies like TripAdvisor and HomeAway that have talked about seeing less traffic from Google in 4Q, either because of changes in how Google displays results or because of macro. So if you could comment on that. And also just to clarify, should we be thinking about advertising costs as the primary reason for the guide being more flattish year-over-year for 1Q in terms of margins?
Jeffery H. Boyd: Yes, I think with respect to add deleverage, as Dan mentioned, one of the principal drivers is the increasing mix of paid business versus other businesses if you look at the total channel mix of the group's business. I think you have to be careful in taking the experience of a HomeAway or a TripAdvisor and reading that over to an online travel agency because essentially, those businesses are media model businesses and could very well have a different experience with Google than we might have. Having said that, everybody knows that there are a lot of changes going on in the Google marketplace, including vertical search, flights and hotel finder. And while we're not going to comment on any specific impact of those products to -- in the marketplace, they're both products that Google could drive a lot more traffic to than they are today. And they could have an impact on businesses of not only media model players, but online travel agency players as well.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mr. Herman Leung from Susquehanna.
Herman Leung - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Two quick questions. First, I guess, there's a bit of increased hiring obviously going on with your business, at least looking at your stock comp rising, as well as personnel cost. When do you -- I guess, what areas are you specifically hiring in and when do you expect some of that large scale of employees start to contribute to the business? And then secondly, I guess on your CPC rates in -- on the European side, I guess can you talk about where this increase in marketing, I guess, is going, whether it's on the SCM side or on the SCO side? And are you seeing good kind of returns on the Google hotel finder?
Jeffery H. Boyd: So with respect to hiring, we typically have hired up reasonably significantly to support seasonal growth peaks in the business. Our business, the international business in particular, peaks in the summer. And with the growth rates we've been experiencing, it's important to hire up customer service associates to handle that business. And in addition, as we've been expanding geographically and building the hotel inventory, we need to hire people to be out in the regions visiting the hotels and making sure we have them signed up in the first instance and rates and availability on an ongoing basis. All of those people get productive very, very quickly. But there's an element of variability to it because we need more of them as the business grows and as the hotel inventory grows. So I think that's the way to look at that. We may have relatively more or relatively fewer than we actually need at any given point in time, and that can drive a little positive or negative leverage. And if you look at our conference calls over the past couple of years, you can see some verbiage about that. But I don't think those variances are material to the long-term profitability of the model. With respect to CPCs in Europe and your question about where the investment goes, our investment is way, way emphasized on paid channels. So if you look at what we're spending in online marketing, that's paid marketing. It doesn't represent a massive amount of spend on people working on optimization for search engines and other channels. That's not to say that we don't do some work on that, but that's just not a significant part of that spend number you see in the income statement.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mr. Justin Post from Bank of America.
Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Jeff, I think you gave some new market data. And I don't think you've ever quantified your share or the opportunity in Europe since you bought the 2 European acquisitions. And I think you said mid-single digits. We've been estimated kind of low double digits. Are your ADRs any different than you saw in that study, would you estimate? And secondly, do you think their room assumptions are reasonable? Obviously, you gave the data but that seems like a low share from what we've been hearing from hotels. It seems like you have more share than that. And then secondly, I think seasonality was a factor for very strong bookings in Q4 and Q1 last year of Asia and South America. Are you still seeing a nice benefit as those markets grow much faster, you mentioned that. And could that be a factor for maybe some deceleration as we get towards the middle of the year?
Jeffery H. Boyd: So with respect to Eurostat, investors have been asking us for a long time for share data. And we've responded for a long time that we, not only did we not want to give it out, but that we really didn't have any high-level data that was -- that seemed at all reliable with respect to what the size of the total market was. That Eurostat study is the first thing that we've seen that purports to be somewhat complete. That doesn't mean that it is perfect, and it's very possible that it contains a lot more accommodations than we are currently dealing with. So it doesn't represent what our share is of the hotels that are actually participating with us. It represents what our share is of the total number in their count. So we gave visibility to that study because we thought it was interesting, and we thought you all might find it interesting. But I think investors and analysts have to come to their own conclusions about what that really says about the share -- our share in markets where we're with participating hotels and our share in markets where we have relatively higher penetration, for example, in Western Europe, where we've been operating for a long time and in many cities, where our share is obviously higher than that. With respect to your question on seasonality, our business now reflects the fact that we have a growing business in Asia and in South America that has a little bit different seasonality than the northern hemisphere does. I don't see any particular trend to point to that -- in this particular quarter that says that's going to significantly change our seasonality in the balance of the year. But it's no question that it has an impact because it is a growing piece of the business.
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mr. Jeetil Patel from Deutsche Bank.
Jeetil J. Patel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A couple questions. First of all, I guess, it looks like, in general, in the U.S. market, you're giving out gross margins trending higher domestically. I guess implicitly, it looks like gross margin in your guidance is going to be going up in the U.S. as well. I guess, as we think about that, is the bigger shift here that 2012 may be more of a year of scaling up the Booking.com brand in the U.S. market than kind of going really after that hotel opportunity since you seem to be signing up quite a few hotels, at least domestically? And then second, maybe another way to kind of look at Booking.com, but can you talk about where the percentage of mix of hotels ends up going to between U.S., Europe and Asia?
Jeffery H. Boyd: Well, with respect to gross margins being higher, and Dan will correct me if I'm wrong about this, I think that's driven more by bookings that were made in the fourth quarter that are being stayed in the first quarter and our decelerating growth rate, which is just driving a timing impact, where we get a little bit more gross profit dollars compared to gross bookings because of that timing. It doesn't have anything to do with the extent to which Booking.com is or is not penetrating the market in the United States. The domestic business as we reported is driven by transactions on the priceline.com website.
Daniel J. Finnegan: The other factor with the U.S. could be the extent to which retail online tickets are representing a portion of gross bookings and they have negligible gross profit associated with them. There's been no significant fundamental change in core margins for our domestic business.
Jeffery H. Boyd: And I think your second question had to do, if I understood it correctly, with hotel acquisition. And while hotel acquisition for the international businesses is occurring in all markets, including core markets and places where we've been operating for a long time, there is substantial investment in new markets. And we're probably bringing on more new hotels in new markets than we are in the core markets.
Operator: Our final question or comment comes from the line of Mr. Anthony DiClemente from Barclays Capital.
Anthony J. DiClemente - Barclays Capital, Research Division: My question was answered. Thank you.
Operator: I will turn the conference back over to you for any closing remarks.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Thank you all very much for participating in our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-07 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeffery H. Boyd - Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Group Management Board, Director, Chief Executive Officer of Lowestfare.com and Director of Lowestfare.com Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Herman Leung - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jeetil J. Patel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Stephen Ju - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Naved Khan - Jefferies & Co. Mark S. Mahaney - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Scott W. Devitt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Tom White - Macquarie Research
Operator: Welcome to the Priceline Group's Third Quarter 2011 Conference Call. Priceline would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Priceline's actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of Priceline's earnings press release, as well as Priceline's most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Priceline undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Priceline's earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the Investor Relations section of Priceline's website located at www.priceline.com. And now, I'd like to introduce the Priceline Group speakers for this afternoon, Jeff Boyd and Dan Finnegan. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Thank you very much. Welcome to Priceline's Third Quarter Conference Call. I'm here with Priceline's CFO, Dan Finnegan. I will make some opening remarks, and Dan will give a detailed financial review. After the prepared portion, we will take questions. Priceline reported consolidated gross bookings for the third quarter of approximately $6.3 billion, up 56% year-over-year. Non-GAAP net income was $513 million, or $9.95 per share, up 88% versus prior year. Third quarter results surpassed First Call consensus estimates of $9.30 per share and our guidance for the quarter. Worldwide hotel room night reservations were $40.6 million for the quarter, up 47% year-over-year. Growth rates for our international businesses surpassed our guidance with 61% gross bookings growth on a local currency basis. Growth rates benefited generally from growth in new markets from Booking.com, continued high absolute growth rates for Agoda and TravelJigsaw and increased hotel ADRs. International hotel gross bookings also benefited generally from growth in hotel supply, with Booking.com hotels and other accommodations up 62% year-over-year to 170,000. Booking.com continues to build inventory and sales in high-growth markets, delivering growth in reservations to new destinations and growing demand in those destinations for hotels around the world. As one indicator of its progress, Booking.com has opened 20 local supply offices during the last 12 months. Priceline's domestic gross bookings growth held steady at 13% in the third quarter, due primarily to growth in retail hotel room night gross bookings, aided by improved ADRs, growth in airline ticket sales with higher airfares and growth in rental car reservations. Growth in opaque air tickets again helped the domestic top and bottom line, as airlines used the opaque channel as a revenue management tool while they increased fares. Merchant gross bookings growth of 36% is primarily driven by growth from Agoda and TravelJigsaw, which now represent a significant share of merchant bookings. Most of the sequential decline in merchant growth is attributable to passing the anniversary of the TravelJigsaw acquisition. Agoda reported another quarter of strong year-over-year growth in gross bookings, contributing to the overall international and merchant growth we are reporting. Flooding in Thailand is having an impact on travel to that important regional destination. The Agoda and Booking teams are doing a great job serving customers needing to cancel and booking vacations to unaffected destinations. Agoda is also doing a nice job building business to destinations outside of Asia Pacific, but the majority of its business is for trips within the region. TravelJigsaw delivered better-than-anticipated growth in rental car unit sales in the quarter through solid execution in acquiring stock for the high season. The team also continues to work on improvements that will drive business next year and beyond. In summary, the growth in the group's international hotel business exceeded our forecast in the third quarter, and we are pleased with the progress of our brands in building their businesses and gaining share on the competition. We are also pleased with the solid momentum displayed by our third quarter results and fourth quarter outlook, especially given the sheer size of the business and the uncertain macroeconomic environment in which we are operating. I commend my colleagues around the world for their focus and execution. I will now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review.
Daniel J. Finnegan: Thanks, Jeff. I'll discuss some of the highlights and operating results and cash flows for the quarter, and then provide guidance for the fourth quarter of 2011. Growth rates mentioned in my remarks are in relation to the prior year comparable period, unless otherwise indicated. Q3 was a strong quarter from a top line growth perspective. Gross bookings grew by 56% as the business gained market share both internationally and in the U.S. Hotel room nights booked grew year-over-year by 47% in the third quarter as we saw deceleration compared to the 56% unit growth rate achieved in Q2 2011. As we mentioned, when we gave Q3 guidance, we expected this higher level of deceleration because we had a softer Q2 comp a year ago and a tougher Q3 2010 comp, where local currency international gross bookings growth accelerated by almost 1,100 basis points sequentially. Also Q3 is the first quarter where TravelJigsaw is included for the full prior year period. Average daily rates, or ADRs, were up on a local currency basis by approximately 2% for our international hotel service and by about 6% for our U.S. hotel service for Q3 2011. In both cases, slightly unfavorable to our assumptions for Q3 guidance. FX rates for the third quarter were also slightly unfavorable to the rates we assumed in our guidance. However, third quarter currency exchange rates provided a substantial benefit to our results expressed in U.S. dollars when compared to the prior year FX rates. The average exchange rates for the third quarter of 2011 for the euro and the pound sterling were approximately 9% and 4% higher, respectively, than the average exchange rates for Q3 2010. Our Q3 international gross bookings grew by 73% and by 61% on a local currency basis, in both cases exceeding the top end of our guidance range. The guidance we gave on August 4 was based upon actual results through that date, and as we said on the call, an assumption that growth rates would continue to decelerate further as we proceeded through the remainder of the quarter. Hotel room night growth rates for our international business didn't decelerate to the extent assumed in our forecast. Rental car days booked were up by 36%. As I just mentioned, this represents organic growth as TravelJigsaw is included for the entire prior year period. We will no longer disclose TravelJigsaw gross bookings separately, but the growth rate for the business is well in excess of this consolidated unit growth rate. Gross bookings growth for our U.S. business of 13% was at the top end of our guidance range. Strong growth in retail hotel room nights booked and higher ADRs were key drivers. Name Your Own Price hotel room nights declined slightly likely as a result of competitors discount hotel initiatives. Airline tickets booked were up by 8% in the quarter, reflecting good growth in Name Your Own Price and retail airline tickets. A 7% increase in average retail ticket prices also contributed to gross bookings growth.  The U.S. rental car business had a good quarter helped by availability of discounted rates. The strong gross bookings performance helped drive bottom line results that exceeded the top end of our range of guidance and First Call consensus. Gross profit for the quarter was $1.1 billion, and grew 65% as compared to the prior year. Our international operations generated gross profit of $952 million, which constituted an increase of 80% as compared to the prior year, and an increase of 68% on a local currency basis. Gross profit for our U.S. business amounted $148 million, which represented 8% growth versus prior year. Total operating expenses came in above our guidance, driven primarily by higher than forecasted online advertising expense, which is consistent with our gross bookings over performance. Online advertising expense as a percentage of gross profit was slightly favorable to our guidance and prior year Q3 as a result of decelerating gross bookings growth and better than assumed ad efficiency, partly offset by business mix.  Our international business, which relies more on online advertising spend, grew at a faster pace than our U.S. business driving the mixed impact. Sales and marketing expense also exceeded guidance due to increased spending to build content, as well as higher credit card processing costs resulting from a gross booking over-performance for our international merchant businesses. We had a nice expansion in operating leverage in the quarter. Non-GAAP operating income, as a percentage of gross profit, amounted to 58% for Q3 2011 as compared to 54.9% for the prior year. Non-GAAP other expense recorded below operating income in the quarter amounted to $3 million, which is lower than the $6 million of expense we assumed in our guidance. The variance relates mainly to FX hedging gains that resulted from the euro weakening after we gave guidance. Adjusted EBITDA for Q3 amounted to $644 million, which exceeded our guidance range of $595 million to $615 million, and represents 78% growth versus prior year. Non-GAAP net income grew by 88% including a lower year-over-year cash tax rate due to the Innovation Box Tax benefit and a lower statutory rate in the U.K. In terms of cash flow, we generated approximately $560 million of cash from operations during third quarter 2011, which represents an 84% increase versus prior year. We spent about $12 million on CapEx in the quarter, and we spent about $30 million on a year-to-date basis through September 30, which represents a sizable increase compared to prior year. This spending is principally for additional IT capacity and office buildouts to support growth and geographic expansion. We expect future CapEx spending to also be higher than historical prior year levels as we continue to spend to support business growth. At quarter close, our cash and investments of $2.4 billion exceed our outstanding debt balance by about $1.8 billion. We issued an 8-K last week to report that we entered into a new $1 billion revolving credit facility to replace our existing facility, which was expiring next year. The facility has a 5-year term and provides us with significant additional financial flexibility at a reasonable cost. Now for fourth quarter 2011 guidance. Our forecast reflects modest deceleration in unit growth for our worldwide hotel reservation business. FX rates provided a substantial tailwind to our results expressed in U.S. dollars for Q2 and Q3, but not for Q4. The euro and British pound exchange rates decreased from $1.43 per euro and $1.64 per British pound that prevailed when we reported our second quarter earnings. Our Q4 forecast assumes that exchange rates remain at the same $1.38 per euro and $1.60 per British pound as Friday's closing rates, which would result in average exchange rates fairly similar to those that prevailed in Q4 2010. At or near these exchange rates, our local currency growth rates will be similar to our growth rates expressed in U.S. dollars. However, it is important to remember, given the sovereign debt issues facing Europe, that we are likely to see volatility in the euro-dollar exchange rate, which can materially impact our U.S. denominated results. We have hedged contracts in place to substantially shield our fourth quarter EBITDA and net earnings for many fluctuations in the euro or pound versus the dollar between now and the end of the quarter. But these hedges did not offset the impact of translation on our gross bookings, revenue, gross profit and operating income, and do not hedge our earnings beyond the fourth quarter. We are forecasting total gross bookings to grow by 39% to 44%, with U.S. gross bookings growing by approximately 13%. We expect international gross bookings expressed in U.S. dollars to grow by 50% to 55% as compared to last year, and to grow on a local currency basis by approximately 49% to 54%. Our guidance assumes that the rate of year-over-year increase in ADRs for Q4 will be less than what we experienced in Q3 for our international hotel service and about the same as Q3 for our U.S. hotels service. We expect Q4 revenue to grow year-over-year by approximately 27% to 32%, and gross profit dollars to grow by approximately 42% to 47%. As I noted last quarter, we will no longer give guidance for operating expenses on a line-by-line basis. We expect non-GAAP operating income to grow at about the same rate as gross profit, which would result in stable operating leverage with prior year Q4. Adjusted EBITDA is expected to range between $310 million and $330 million, which at the midpoint represents 44% growth versus prior year. We are targeting non-GAAP fully diluted EPS of approximately $4.90 to $5 per share, which at the midpoint represents 46% growth over prior year. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax rate of approximately 19%, comprised of international income taxes and alternative minimum tax and state income taxes in the U.S. Our non-GAAP EPS guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of 51.5 million shares based upon Friday's closing stock price of $513.37 per share. We expect to report GAAP EPS of $4.23 to $4.33 per share for Q4. The difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP results is driven by non-GAAP adjustments to exclude stock-based compensation, acquisition-related amortization, noncash interest expense for amortization of debt discount, noncash gains or losses related to early debt conversions, certain noncash income tax expenses and to include the impact on net income attributable to noncontrolling interests or certain of the aforementioned non-GAAP adjustments to arrive at non-GAAP earnings. We also intend to address non-GAAP results to exclude charges or benefits, if any, related to hotel margin tax, judgments, rulings or settlements. We are pleased with the top line performance for the business reported in Q3 and inherent in the guidance for Q4. As we have stated on previous calls, considering the sheer size of the business and progressively more difficult comps as we report against prior year periods which had improving economic conditions, hotel occupancy rates and ADRs, we generally expect that we will experience sequential deceleration in quarterly year-on-year unit growth rates in the future. Our guidance reflects actual results to date and assumes that our growth rate will decelerate through the remainder of the quarter. We believe that our reported results demonstrate considerable resilience given the macroeconomic uncertainty that prevailed throughout the quarter and continues today. While this uncertainty has not had a pronounced impact on our results to date, we have seen short-term volatility in our unit growth rates and cancellation rates for our international business, which makes it more difficult to forecast trends. Our forecast does not assume any material change in macroeconomic conditions in general and conditions in the consumer travel market in particular. Our forecast reflects the negative impact observed thus far from recent severe flooding in Thailand, which is a key market for our Agoda business and the Asian business of Booking.com. If the impact of the flooding in Bangkok were to worsen, our forecast would be negatively impacted to a greater extent. We will now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tom White of Macquarie.
Tom White - Macquarie Research: On the slight hotel unit deceleration, I was hoping you can parse out maybe a little bit the performance of some of maybe your core European markets for Booking.com. Any particular pockets of weakness that maybe you can provide color on? And then so, online ad expense as a percentage of gross profit was down a bit on a year-over-year basis, that's following a couple quarters of increases, any comment there on where exactly you guys are seeing better efficiency in terms of your online ad spend?
Daniel J. Finnegan: Okay. In terms of market performance, Tom, we saw strong performance across all of our markets. So the newer markets, being North America for Booking.com, Asia Pacific and South America are still growing at faster rates than our overall consolidated growth rate, but the core markets, Western Europe, Southern Europe continue to post very strong growth for us, and are still a big enough percentage of the total business. But if they were impacted dramatically, you'd notice that in our reported results. In terms of the online advertising, we did have an improvement as a percentage of gross profit versus the prior year. That's principally due to the investments that we made the last couple of quarters. So we were telling you that one of the reasons that the online advertising as a percentage of gross bookings is higher is that our gross bookings were growing at a faster rate, and that those gross bookings would turn into checkouts and revenue, particularly in Q3, which is the seasonal peak for travel for Booking.com. And we saw that happen in Q3. So our gross profit grew at a faster rate than our gross bookings where we had some deceleration, so you see a favorable relationship there. Fundamental advertising efficiency was good, and that was partly offset by the mix impact of our international business growing faster than our U.S. business. Internationally, we spend a higher percentage for online advertising than in the U.S. where it's more repeat customers, and we also have our offline advertising program.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Ross Sandler of RBS (sic) [RBC] Capital Markets.
Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just 2 quick questions. First, Dan, can you -- you made some comments that you're not really seeing any impact from macro other than some short-term volatility from cancellations. Can you give us a little bit more color on what you're seeing in Europe right now as it relates to macro? Anything different in 3Q versus prior quarters? And then Jeff, just a question on capital allocation. Given the enormous levels of free cash flow generation, we know you've done buybacks in the past to cover converg, but any thought on share repurchase as the stock kind of stays at current levels?
Daniel J. Finnegan: Okay, Ross, on Europe, what we said was we haven't seen any pronounced impact from macro conditions in our reported results for Q3 or in our forecast for Q4. We have seen some volatility in transactional growth rates from week to week and month to month. But overall, it's still blended out to results that we're happy with. We've also seen some volatility in cancellation rates for the Booking.com business. Those are reflected in the gross booking numbers that we report to you, so those are net of cancellations. But we have seen periods where the cancel rate has been proportionately higher than it has been in other periods. And so, we try and discern is that's an impact on the consumer, but there's been nothing there that we've seen that really indicates that there's been a significant impact with the macroeconomic trends.
Jeffery H. Boyd: And with respect to capital allocation, our approach hasn't changed. We look at buybacks, acquisitions in the same way that we have in the past. We're opportunistic. We have an approval from our board that's roughly $450 million that remains in place. We purchased this year as part of our compensation programs $160 million worth of common stock. And we remain open to opportunistic transactions on both fronts going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ingrid Chung of Goldman Sachs.
Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So a couple of quick ones. You're now at 170,000 hotel properties. I was wondering if you can give us an idea of how many of those properties are in the U.S., and where you think that 170,000 number could go ultimately? And then, Jeff, you just mentioned in terms of capital allocation, your weighing share repurchases and also M&A. In terms of the M&A, are you more interested in expanding geographically or into new products?
Jeffery H. Boyd: Okay. With respect to the first question, we have not given a lot of regional detail about hotels. Of that 170,000, the -- a substantial number is in the United States, both for priceline.com's U.S. business as well as for Booking.com's International business although Booking.com still has ways to go before having, for example, the same number of hotels participating as priceline.com has participating in the United States. There's no good published research for where this number could go. We've seen very significant growth in this number over the past couple of years, which we have reported to you. I think it would be reasonable to expect the growth rate of hotel additions to go down over time. But there's still a lot of opportunity out there. There's a lot of destinations that we're fairly new in. There's a lot of countries where we may have done a good job of developing inventory in the major cities but haven't really gotten out into the smaller villages and towns yet. We have, not only on Booking.com, we have not only hotels, but we also have vacation rentals and bed and breakfast and other types of accommodation, which really opens up development to a much larger number of properties, but those properties would tend to have fewer rooms in them than the larger hotels in the big cities. So those are some of the things to think about when you're looking at that number, and it's also one of the reasons why we really can't give a hard number that this is how many hotels there are in the world, and we'll be satisfied when we have all of them. With respect to mergers and acquisitions, we’ve typically said that we're interested in companies that provide us with new products, new geography, new distribution, in other words, a good brand that has its own customer base that is attractive to us. And those 3 things are still what interest us most as we're looking around at what might be available from an M&A perspective.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney of Citigroup.
Mark S. Mahaney - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Any particular comments on what you're seeing out of Google in terms of some of the efforts they've made to try to facilitate hotel bookings on the site. And then can I ask -- also ask a broad question about guidance, which is if I think about on an FX basis, your year-over-year guidance for the fourth quarter is the same as it was for the third quarter despite the Thai flood, the less supportive ADR environment and the greater marco uncertainty? Is there some -- there must be some factor that at the margin and therefore must organically making you more confident in the business. Could you just address that?
Jeffery H. Boyd: Okay, Mark, maybe I'll take the first one, and then let Dan have the second one. Google has launched a products providing vertical search results for both air and hotel. The air is based on the IPA search engine, and the hotel is principally based on content that Google receives, mostly from intermediaries, online travel agents and to a lesser extent, directly from the hotels themselves. Looking at how Google has approached the test of these products, it's clear that they would like to have these platforms operate as efficient vehicle for advertisers to get qualified leads because a customer will have seen more information on Google by the time they click on to an advertising link. And if you look at the hotel product, the online travel agents are very prominently featured in the display. With respect to the flight search, that's not the case. And I believe, although I don't know firsthand, that that's principally because limitations that have been placed on Google by the airlines. However, Google has said, and it appears that they're trying to find opportunities for online travel agents to advertise on the air platform as well. Our approach, as an advertiser on Google, is to try to understand their products the best we can and participate in them as effectively as we can, and that's how we've approached the hotel product in particular. A lot of people are concerned about Google's market power, and whether there could be anything anti-competitive coming out of this and a number of other companies, not including ours by the way, raised comments and criticism of the ITA transaction as part of the anti-trust approval of that transaction. But the transaction was approved. The products out on the marketplace, and I think it's incumbent upon our industry to try to find the best ways that we can integrate with the product and to advertise on it, and try to get the well-qualified customers that I think Google is trying to drive towards us.
Daniel J. Finnegan: And in terms of the local currency growth rate, will range for Q3 was 49 to 54% and it's the same range for Q4. For Q3, that represented significant deceleration in growth versus what we saw in Q2, and that's the comp issue that I talked about in my prepared remarks. For Q4, it represents a much more modest level of deceleration. And so we're pleased with that, that's based upon what we've seen to date and then assuming some deceleration as we proceed through quarter, as that's our general bent on the business that given the sheer size, we're generally going to decelerate. But overall, the deceleration assumed in that guidance is fairly modest, much more modest compared to what we had in Q3.
Operator: Our next question comes from Naved Khan of Jefferies.
Naved Khan - Jefferies & Co.: Just a quick question on the flooding in Thailand. Can you give us a sense on the severity or the magnitude of the flooding over there, and what's basically, what kind of impact it might have had on your guidance?
Jeffery H. Boyd: So the flooding has impacted a lot of Thailand as a percentage of the whole country, and a lot of it is industrial based. A number of major industrial parks have been flooded, and people who have been looking at the news have seen primary concern about supply chain for the automotive and tech industries since so much of the manufacturing of components happens in Thailand. The concern was, as the floodwaters move from north to south that they would encroach on Bangkok. And in fact, they have encroached on sections of the city to the north, and it's created a lot of very serious dislocation, human dislocation, people having to move out of their homes and so forth. And there's still a worry that floodwaters might get to the center business district of the city, which would create additional problems. And furthermore, the main international airport in Bangkok remains open. The secondary airport was taken out by floods. If something happened to make the main international airport unavailable, that obviously would pose problems for travel. Even though Thailand is an important tourist destination, a leisure destination for the business of both Agoda and Booking.com in the region, just because of the size and the balance of all the other businesses, the impact to date has not been material to our consolidated results. If that were to worsen, I think it'd be difficult to foresee that being material to our business as a whole, but it certainly could be problematic for our Asian business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Anmuth of JPMorgan.
Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you just talk a little bit more about South America and the Asian opportunity, and in particular, a year ago, you gave us a little bit more detail here on the numbers in terms of bookings. Can you provide any kind of update on that, and I guess, maybe framing it by thinking about Asia? I know for several quarters, you had talked about it growing at a triple-digit rate. Is it fair to think about that around the same level now?
Jeffery H. Boyd: No, we're not going to update those gross numbers at this point in time. As Dan mentioned, the businesses in the newer markets are growing faster than the consolidated international bookings that we’re reporting so you can use that as a rough guideline to try to size the business. The business in South America as a destination is still relatively new. It's a very attractive destination for us because there's a lot of international travel between South America and Europe on the one hand, and the United States on the other. And so, the network that we have allows us to basically build the business more quickly because we have demand for the destination coming out of the gate, and we also have a lot of hotels that are very attractive for South American people to book in Europe and in the United States. It's not as big a market in terms of the current potential as Asia, which has just a bigger base of population and a much bigger and more diverse economic base, but it's still a very attractive market.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Post of Bank of America.
Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A couple things. First, you've had nice margin leverage relative to the gross profit line, and I think you're guiding to kind of -- no bad leverage but no good leverage in Q4. Can you talk about that? And is your marketing or advertising as a percent of gross profit changing at all? And then, when you look at the Asia market, you really have achieved strong success with the agency model in Europe. Is that model what's really getting traction over there, or is it a little bit of a different market versus Europe on how it's kind of developing right now?
Daniel J. Finnegan: The first question, Justin, in a quarter like Q4, where the growth rate for gross bookings is similar to the gross profit growth rate, you will likely to see the mix impact that you've seen in prior quarters, also come in to play and drive some deleverage on that line. Fundamental efficiency for our advertising has been good, but with the international brands growing at a faster rate, it's likely we'd have some deleverage on the online advertising line. And then generally, we look to have leverage on the other lines that don't grow to the same extent as our gross profit, and our forecast is that we would be able to maintain stable leverage for the quarter overall.
Jeffery H. Boyd: And with respect to agency versus merchant in Asia, as I think most of you guys know, we were operating in Asia with both Agoda, which is merchant model and Booking.com, which is agency model. And both brands are meeting with significant success in the market. In most places, consumers and hotels are happy to operate with either model. There may be a few places where there's an advantage to merchant just because of the logistics of trying to get paid from the hotels. But that, at least in our present view, really represents a fairly small part of the market, and the market that we're addressing today seems to operate very well with both the agency and the merchant model.
Operator: Our next question comes from Herman Leung of Susquehanna.
Herman Leung - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Two quick questions for you. First, you mentioned the 20 new offices that you guys are building out in the past 12 months. I was wondering if you can kind of talk to us about the number of employees that have been new at the company for less than 12 months, and the potential for them to sort of ramp up over time as they kind of build up efficiencies there? And then the second question is on the -- I think you guys signed a new Marriott deal. I was wondering if that inventory is already accounted for in that 170,000 hotels that you have or not and the opportunity with that particular contract.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Okay, so with respect to the supply offices, I can't tell you how many employees are in those 20 new offices, but I think the new employees, and you can check this on the 10-Q, because I think it's in the Q, it's 1,500 so far this year, thereabouts. With respect to the Marriott deal, priceline.com has been doing business with Marriott here in the United States and around the world for U.S. customers for a very long time and had Marriott inventory on our site and that's been available to any of our other brands who would choose to use it. The recent announcement that Marriott made was a deal signed with Booking.com, which has been in place for some months now, and Booking.com has had a significant number of Marriott hotels signed up, not all of them, but a significant number signed up and included in that hotel number that we announced today. The chain hotels are a very important part of the market place here in the United States. And their growth overseas is making them a growing part of those markets especially in the major cities and Booking.com is -- and has been doing business with most of the international chains for some time now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Millman of Millman Research.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Can you give us some color regarding airline capacity, how that might be affecting leisure travel, business travel? Is it affecting the -- what you're seeing for hotels? Are people driving or substituting? And secondly, and relatedly, you mentioned that the third -- the U.S. car rental availability was easy, you didn’t use that word, in the third quarter. Fleet seemed to much tighter, could you indicate whether you're seeing that tightness showing up in the availability of capacity for you?
Jeffery H. Boyd: Okay, with respect to airline capacity, it's down year-over-year, and the airlines have announced their intention to make further reductions in capacity going towards the end of the year on the order of about 5%. There's been a lot consolidation among the major airlines here in the United States. And one of the consequences of that consolidation is removal of redundant routes and retirement of aircraft and so forth, and I think that's part of it and it's also part and parcel of the airlines' need to keep their fares up, so they have appropriate operating margins. I think most people in the business believe that high airfares and reductions in capacity do have an impact on leisure travel, in particular. And that may generate substitution, although I don't have any data on that. If you look at our business in the United States, it’s been growing at a little bit more than 10% here throughout the course of the year. Certainly, that's higher than the travel space in general. And I think the reason that we're able to do that is because we add new products and improve the website, and launch effective marketing campaigns and are able to drive a little business. But there's no question that higher airfares and less capacity will be a factor for leisure travel demand going forward. With respect to the car rental business, we had, I think, good availability of inventory for all of our businesses around the world in the third quarter. We didn't have a situation where fleet was overly tight and we couldn't get opaque inventory. And we certainly were able to generate enough inventory for significant bookings growth at TravelJigsaw that we mentioned. And I don't have any update for that, that there's been some significant change in fleet availability beyond what we reported for the third quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Devitt of Morgan Stanley.
Scott W. Devitt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Jeff one of the early benefits of Booking.com in Europe seemed to be its lower take rate versus merchant rates in the region. I was just wondering how receptive Marriott and beyond the U.S. branded hotels have been to the Booking.com model in the U.S. and how does the revenue margin of the deals that you're cutting in the U.S. compare to similar industry-wide merchant rates?
Jeffery H. Boyd: So Scott, without getting into a great deal of detail on what our economics are with the hotels and with the chains, I think suffice it to say that we still believe that the take rate at Booking.com is attractive compared to what's available with our competition. There's definitely -- continues to be pressure by -- especially by the big international chains to drive pricing down in certain markets, not in all markets. And we and others have programs that allow chains to be a little bit more aggressive in trying to drive their performance on the website by paying us a little bit more, and large hotels do participate in those programs. I think that the pressure on distribution costs increased as economic times got better and as occupancy rates improved. And I think that the pressure is still there, but I think you're also, as we're in a time where people are a little bit more uncertain about the economy, having the broadest possible distribution in the -- also is very, very important to all the players.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeetil Patel of Deutsche Bank.
Jeetil J. Patel - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I'm kind of following up on Scott's question, but I'm curious, is there any way you can kind of give us a qualitative view of the unit economics of the business as you segment the markets by, let's say Europe, North America, the U.S. versus Asia in terms of kind of overall take rates, as well as the combination of marketing behind that? And the second, around Booking.com, is the game plan or strategy that it's largely marketing Booking.com to international customers looking to travel to the U.S. or is it also U.S. travelers traveling in the U.S. as well?
Jeffery H. Boyd: I guess we be fairly reserved in terms of how much regional detail that we give on margin structure. So I think some of the markets that can be a little bit more challenging in Asia in particular where places where -- in parts of Asia or places where there's an incumbent that operates at fairly low margins increases the pressure. So I guess I would feel comfortable saying that our gross margins are not created equal in every single country in which we do business for those reasons. But I don't think I want to go any further than that. With respect to the Booking.com strategy in the United States, the international traveler is a very important part of that strategy. The U.S. traveler, who is finding Booking.com inventory on priceline.com is an important part of that strategy and demand that Booking.com can offer to its hotels. Booking.com advertises in the United States. It advertises in English-language Google. So anybody who does a search on Google could see it there, and as a result, get some U.S. customers coming directly to the Booking.com brand as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Olson of Piper Jaffray.
Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Just kind of following up on that, maybe a more broad question on Booking.com in the U.S. Can you just talk about kind of how it's going versus your expectations in general? And do you expect that you'll need to ratchet up marketing to get more brand awareness with U.S. consumers for Booking.com? And maybe qualitatively, is there anything you can say how material to the business you expect it could be in 2012?
Jeffery H. Boyd: So in terms of how it's going, we think it's going well. The integration with priceline.com has been successful, successful to the extent that our customers are booking those hotels, and it seems to be helping drive good results for the U.S. retail hotel business. Booking.com principally, and really exclusively advertises online and gets significant brand building by reaching customers online and having them come and experience the website. And that's been a very, very successful approach for Booking.com and to the extent that money is being spent on advertising and that's reaching U.S. customers. It's in the online channels.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Ju of Credit Suisse.
Stephen Ju - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So digging in a little bit more into your Latin American business, what do you think is the right model longer term for you to be the de facto destination site for the local travelers? Is that agency or merchant, especially given the propensity for consumers in Brazil, for instance, who want to pay for higher ticket items using installment payment plans?
Jeffery H. Boyd: Based on our results to date, it certainly appears that the agency model is a very attractive and successful model for business in that region. We're certainly not seeing anything in the numbers that are pointing to a problem. I'm not sure how much demand there is for installment purchase of vacation travel, and I'm not sure that there really is a lot of product that's available to consumers today to do that. Our brands have both agency and merchant model. If that became an important line of business in the region. We would have a way to serve that demand, but it certainly doesn't seem to be creating a barrier to building a good business there with good growth rates over the last couple of years.
Operator: And gentlemen, our final question comes from Kevin Crissey of UBS.
Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: A couple of your competitors have had significant investments in technology, re-platforming and such, how should we think about your business as we go forward in terms of technology spend? I know you have taken a different approach overall and maybe we're ahead of the game, but I wanted to understand what you think about your technology platform as it stands today and as you look into the future?
Jeffery H. Boyd: So we have said repeatedly that we're not interested in trying to build a single technology platform for our brands around the world. It's expensive, it's very complex, and we have great development philosophy on the individual platforms that we operate. And we don't want to put that velocity at risk by creating a centralized element to it. And furthermore, we've been able to find less expensive and seamless ways of sharing inventory and customers without using a common platform, and that's something that we've done for years now between Booking.com, Priceline and Agoda. And we're comfortable with the level of integration that we can achieve operating on separate platforms. As you can see by some of the numbers that Dan gave today and what we reported that our CapEx in the third quarter is a little bit higher than it has been historically. I think that represents a need to continue to invest in the business, principally in technology but also in facilities to take account of the fact that we’ve got a rapidly growing business and a rapidly growing organization. So I think you'll see us make those investments where we believe necessary to make sure that we're -- we've got the technology we need, that we got the performance we need on the website and that we can accommodate high levels of growth on such a big business. But it won't -- I don't foresee us spending massive amounts of money on some integrated project. It's just not something that I think we would do.
Operator: And at this time, I like to turn the call back over to Mr. Boyd and Mr. Finnegan for any closing remarks.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Thank you very much for participating in the call.
Operator: And thank you, gentlemen. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the Priceline Group's Third Quarter 2011 Conference Call. At this time, you may disconnect your lines. Have a great day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-04 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Daniel Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Jeffery Boyd - Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Group Management Board, Director, Chief Executive Officer of Lowestfare.com and Director of Lowestfare.com
Analysts: Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Aaron Kessler - ThinkEquity LLC Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch Unknown Analyst -  Herman Leung - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Jeetil Patel - Deutsche Bank AG Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Welcome to the Priceline Group's Second Quarter 2011 Conference Call. Priceline would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Priceline's actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of Priceline's earnings press release, as well as Priceline's most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Priceline undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Priceline's earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the Investor Relations section of Priceline's website located at www.priceline.com. And now, I'd like to introduce the Priceline Group speakers for this afternoon, Jeff Boyd and Dan Finnegan. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Jeffery Boyd: Thank you very much, and welcome to Priceline's Second Quarter Conference Call. I'm here with Priceline's CFO, Dan Finnegan. I will make some opening remarks, and Dan will give a detailed financial review. After the prepared portion, we will take questions.  Priceline reported consolidated gross bookings for the second quarter of approximately $5.8 billion, up 70% year-over-year. Non-GAAP net income was $283 million or $5.49 per share, up 78% versus prior year. Second quarter results surpassed First Call consensus estimates of $4.91 per share and our guidance for the quarter. Worldwide hotel room night reservations were $36.1 million for the quarter, up 56% year-over-year. Growth rates for our international business held firm during the quarter with 79% gross bookings growth on a local currency basis. Growth rates benefited generally from increased ADRs, impressive growth in new markets for Booking.com and high excellent growth rates for Agoda and TravelJigsaw. International hotel gross bookings also benefited generally from growth in hotel supply, with hotels now in over 110 countries worldwide. Booking.com grew its supply platform of 155,000 hotels at the fastest pace in over 3 years. Booking.com continues to build inventory and sales around the world, delivering growth in reservations to new destinations and growing demand in those destinations for hotels around the world. Bookings has also continued to execute well into its high season, not only expanding geographically, but also in securing availability in high-demand destinations, helping achieve high international growth rates this quarter. Priceline's domestic gross bookings grew 13% in the second quarter, due primarily to growth in retail hotel room night gross bookings, aided by improved ADRs, and continued growth in airline ticket sales and higher airfares. Growth in opaque air tickets again helped the domestic top and bottom line as airlines used the opaque channel as a revenue management tool while they increased fares. Merchant gross bookings growth of 45% continues to reflect growth in the domestic merchant businesses. That was primarily driven by growth from Agoda and TravelJigsaw, which now represent a significant share of merchant bookings. Agoda reported higher year-over-year growth rates in gross bookings as it comp-ed last year's civil strife in Thailand, contributing to the overall international and merchant growth we are reporting. TravelJigsaw delivered better-than-anticipated growth in rental car unit sales in the quarter through solid execution in building toward the high season. In summary, the growth in the group's international hotel business exceeded our forecast in the second quarter, and we are pleased with the progress of our brand's expansion in new markets and their hard work in preparing for high-season travel. I commend my colleagues around the world for their focus and execution.  I will now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review.
Daniel Finnegan: Thanks, Jeff. I'll discuss some of the highlights in operating results and cash flows for the quarter, and then provide guidance for the third quarter of 2011. Q2 operating performance was exceptional, led by year-over-year gross bookings growth of 70%. Hotel room nights booked grew year-over-year by 56% in the second quarter, maintaining the same strong level of growth that was generated in the first quarter.  Average daily rates, or ADRs, were up on a local currency basis by approximately 4% for our international hotel service and by almost 8% for our U.S. hotel service for Q2 2011, compared to the prior year second quarter. These increases were favorable to our assumptions for Q2 guidance.  FX rates for the second quarter were unfavorable to the rates we assumed in our guidance. However, currency exchange rates provided a substantial tailwind when compared to the prior year second quarter FX rates. The average exchange rates for the second quarter of 2011 for the euro and the pound sterling were approximately 14% and 9% higher, respectively, than the average exchange rates for Q2 2010.  Our international gross bookings grew by 98% and by 79% on a local currency basis for Q2 2011 compared to the prior year. Our Booking.com and Agoda businesses once again delivered outstanding results. It exceeded our expectations when we gave guidance for the quarter back on May 4.  Our forecast was based upon the growth rates we saw through that date, and as we said on the call, an assumption that growth rates would further decelerate as we proceeded through the remainder of the quarter. Instead, we were pleasantly surprised to see acceleration in our unit growth rates over the more seasonally significant back half of the quarter. The outstanding unit growth, as well as some ADR favorability versus guidance, drove results that exceeded the top end of our guidance range.  Performance across key markets was good. We saw continued strong growth rates in our core European market in Q2. Faster-growing markets for our international business, including Asia-Pacific, North America and South America, continued to grow at levels that exceeded our consolidated unit growth rate. These markets are increasing as a percentage of our business from a destination and point-of-sale perspective and are, therefore, having a more pronounced impact on our overall growth rate. TravelJigsaw, the U.K.-based merchant rental car reservation service we acquired in late 2010, contributed $154 million in gross bookings in Q2 as compared to $44 million included in Q2 2010 from the point we acquired the business on May 18, 2010. Rental car days booked for the group were up by 55% versus second quarter 2010, including the impact of TravelJigsaw. Since we have now lapped the May 2010 acquisition, we will not separately report gross bookings for TravelJigsaw in future quarters.  Gross bookings growth for our U.S. business of 13% is at the top end of our guidance range. Strong growth in retail hotel room nights booked and higher ADRs were key drivers. Name Your Own Price hotel room night growth decelerated, likely as a result of competitors' initiatives in the opaque hotel arena. Airline tickets booked were up by 7% in the quarter, resulting mainly from strong growth in Name Your Own Price airline tickets. A 4% increase in average retail ticket prices also contributed to gross bookings growth. Opaque rental car performed well due to improved access to discounted rates compared to the first quarter. The strong performance in gross bookings helped drive bottom-line performance that exceeded the top end of our range of guidance and First Call consensus. Gross profit was $749 million and grew 68% as compared to prior year. Our international operations generated gross profit of $612 million, an increase of 90% as compared to the prior year or 71% on a local currency basis. Gross profit for our U.S. business amounted to $137 million, which represented 11% growth versus prior year. Total operating expenses came in above the midpoint of our guidance, driven primarily by higher-than-forecasted online advertising expense, which was consistent with our gross booking's over-performance. Online advertising expense as a percentage of gross profit was slightly favorable to our guidance as a result of better-than-assumed ad efficiency, but came in higher than the second quarter of 2010.  The variance versus prior year was caused by the significant level of growth for our international business, which relies more on online advertising spend than our U.S. business. Consequently, online ad spend increased as a percentage of gross profit in Q2, even though we were pleased with the underlying advertising efficiency for our brands. We will discuss operating leverage this quarter and in the future based upon non-GAAP operating income rather than adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of gross profit. We believe this is a more accurate leverage metric, because FX gains and losses from our short-term earnings hedges shield adjusted EBITDA but not gross profit. And therefore, changes in exchange rates create anomalous leverage comparisons from period to period. Our GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation in our earnings release provides detail on the calculation of non-GAAP operating income. Non-GAAP operating income expressed as a percentage of gross profit amounted to 46.2% for Q2 2011, which represents an increase in leverage of 210 basis points versus prior year Q2. Although we had some de-leverage in online advertising as I just discussed, our other operating expenses grew at a slower pace than gross profit, resulting in improved operating leverage. Non-GAAP other expense recorded below operating income in the quarter amounted to $3 million, which is lower than the $9 million of expense we assumed in our guidance. The variance relates mainly to less FX hedging and transaction losses than assumed for guidance, as the euro weakened after we gave guidance.  Our cash income tax rate was favorable to prior year and our guidance forecast. During second quarter, we increased our estimate of the impact of the Innovation Box Tax benefit on our annual effective tax rate. We now expect the Innovation Box benefit to reduce our 2011 income tax rate by 2 to 4 percentage points. The additional benefit is reflected in our second quarter tax expense, as well as a benefit of about $2 million reflecting the cumulative catch-up impact of the change on our first quarter tax provision.  Adjusted EBITDA for Q2 amounted to $349 million, which exceeded our guidance range of $310 million to $320 million and represents 71% growth versus prior year. In terms of cash flow, we generated approximately $223 million of cash from operations during second quarter 2011, which represents a 19% increase versus prior year. During our last earnings call, I highlighted that operating cash flow was impacted by the timing of approximately $124 million of withholding tax payments, which were accrued in the first quarter and paid in the second quarter. This timing difference had a favorable impact on operating cash flow for the first quarter and an offsetting unfavorable impact for the second quarter.  Operating cash flow for the 6 months ended June 30, 2011, is 71% higher than the prior year comparable period. We spent about $10 million on CapEx in the quarter and paid about $13 million in the quarter to purchase a portion of the noncontrolling interest in TravelJigsaw. At quarter close, our cash and investments of $1.9 billion exceed our outstanding debt balance by about $1.4 billion. We also have a $175-million revolving credit facility that is undrawn and expires in September 2012.  Now for the third quarter 2011 guidance. Our forecast reflects exceptional top line performance, driven primarily by our worldwide hotel reservation business. Our forecast also assumes that exchange rates remain at the same $1.43 per euro and $1.64 per British pound of yesterday's closing rates. At or near these exchange rates, our euro and pound denominated results will be substantially higher expressed in U.S. dollars than they would've been at the prior year average exchange rates. Specifically, average exchange rates for the third quarter of 2011 would be stronger by about 11% for the euro and by about 5% for the British pound as compared to the prior year. However, as we have emphasized in the past and want to remind you again, volatility in the euro/dollar exchange rate, which seems to be the rule rather than the exception in the recent past, can materially impact our U.S.-denominated earnings.  We have hedge contracts in place to substantially shield our third quarter EBITDA and net earnings from any fluctuation in the euro or pound versus the dollar between now and the end of the quarter. But these hedges do not offset the impact of translation on our gross bookings, revenue and gross profit and do not hedge our earnings beyond the third quarter. We are forecasting total gross bookings to grow by 47% to 52%, with U.S. gross bookings growing by approximately 8% to 13%. We expect international gross bookings expressed in U.S. dollars to grow by 62% to 67% as compared to last year, and to grow on a local currency basis by approximately 49% to 54%.  The midpoint of this range represents a significant sequential decrease from Q2 results. We believe the primary drivers of this decrease are a softer Q2 comp a year ago and a tougher Q3 2010 comp. Our local currency international gross bookings growth accelerated by almost 1,100 basis points sequentially. Also, for the first time, the prior year Q3 includes TravelJigsaw for the full period.  Finally, our guidance assumes that the rate of year-over-year increase in ADRs for Q3 will be less than that experienced in Q2 for both our international and U.S. hotel services. We expect Q3 revenue to grow year-over-year by approximately 37% to 42% and gross profit dollars to grow by approximately 54% to 59%.  I'll now give guidance for Q3 operating expenses on a line-by-line basis. Starting next quarter, we will continue to provide top line and bottom line guidance, but we plan to cease our practice of providing line-by-line guidance for each operating expense line item. We are targeting Q3 consolidated advertising expenses of approximately $273 million to $283 million, with about $8 million of that amount being spent for offline advertising. We expect sales and marketing expense of between $40 million and $45 million. We expect personnel costs, excluding stock-based compensation, to come in between $78 million and $83 million. We expect G&A expenses of approximately $27 million to $32 million. We expect information technology costs of about $10 million and depreciation and amortization expense, excluding acquisition amortization, of about $6 million. We expect total non-GAAP other income expense recorded below operating income to amount to expense of approximately $6 million for Q3 2011 compared to expense of about $12 million in Q3 2010. Other expense is higher for Q3 2010 because it includes about $6 million related to FX hedging losses, as the euro strengthened during the quarter after we entered our hedge contracts.  Other income and expense is comprised primarily of foreign exchange losses and transaction costs, net interest expense and the charge for net income allocated to noncontrolling interests. Non-GAAP other income expense excludes non-cash interest expense and gains or losses on early debt extinguishment, if any, related to cash settled to convertible debt and includes the additional impact of other non-GAAP adjustments on net income attributable to noncontrolling interests.  Non-GAAP EBITDA is expected to range between $595 million and $615 million, which at the midpoint represents 67% growth versus prior year. Our guidance assumes that we will expand operating leverage by approximately 270 basis points as our gross profit grows at a faster pace than our operating expenses. We are targeting non-GAAP fully diluted EPS of approximately $9.10 to $9.30 per share, which at the midpoint represents 73% growth over prior year. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax rate of approximately 20%, comprised of international income taxes and alternative minimum tax and state income taxes in the U.S. Our cash income tax rate has generally been increasing as compared to prior year periods due to more significant growth in international earnings as compared to U.S. earnings, where we have a sizable NOL to reduce our cash tax liability.  This cash tax rate reflects an assumed 2 to 4 percentage point benefit from the Innovation Box Tax in the Netherlands. The impact of the Innovation Box benefit is likely to grow in 2012 as we complete the phase-in period. In 2012, we estimate that the Innovation Box benefit could reduce our consolidated cash income tax rate by approximately 4 to 6 percentage points. Our non-GAAP EPS guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of 51.5 million shares based upon yesterday's closing stock price of $521.97. We expect to report GAAP EPS of $8.37 to $8.57 per share for Q3.  The difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP results is driven by non-GAAP adjustments to exclude stock-based compensation, acquisition-related amortization, non-cash interest expense for amortization of debt discount, non-cash gains or losses related to early debt conversions, certain non-cash income tax expenses, the beneficial impact in Q2 of reversing the 2010 reserve for unrecognized tax benefits, and to include the impact on net income attributable to noncontrolling interests of certain of the aforementioned non-GAAP adjustments to arrive at non-GAAP earnings. We also intend to adjust non-GAAP results to exclude charges or benefits, if any, related to hotel margin tax, judgments, rulings or settlements.  We are pleased with the top line performance of the business in Q2 and inherent in the guidance for Q3. As we have emphasized in prior earnings releases, we believe it is highly likely that we will experience sequential deceleration in quarterly year-on-year unit growth rates in the future, due to the sheer size of the business and progressively more difficult comps as we report against prior year periods, which had improving economic conditions, hotel occupancy rates and ADRs.  Thus far, quarter-to-date, we assume deceleration in year-over-year unit growth rates compared to the second quarter of 2011. Our guidance reflects this actual deceleration and assumes that the deceleration will continue through the remainder of the quarter. Our guidance also assumes that macroeconomic conditions in general, and conditions in the consumer travel market in particular, remain relatively unchanged.  We will now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Justin Post of Bank of America.
Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch: Jeff, one big picture question and maybe a quick follow-up. On the saturation levels, are you seeing any slowdown in growth in any of your larger markets where you've been in operation a long time? And are you seeing, overall, any reason for thinking that your overall hotel add growth might slow down? And then second one, can you remind us of what you learned out of kind of the '08 kind of slowdown in the economic growth? And are there ways that you can kind of offset that in your numbers as you look out, if that were to happen?
Jeffery Boyd: Okay. Justin, in terms of saturation levels, we consistently said that it's our expectation that the growth rates in our core markets, which tend to be more mature and more competitive, will slow down. And our strategy has been to build the business in new markets to a size where the higher growth rates in those new markets can have a meaningful impact on the total business. And that, in fact, is what's happening. The new markets are growing faster than the well-established core markets, and our assumption in guiding to decelerating growth rates is that, that trend would be reflected in the future. In terms of addition of hotels, I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we had significant growth in hotel counts. Again, with 155,000 hotels, I think you should expect for those growth rates over the long-term to slow down rather than to accelerate, although there's still a lot of hotels, particularly in the new markets, that we need to sign up for the international businesses. With respect to what we learned in the '08 slowdown, I think what we learned principally is there's really not much we can do about changes in currency exchange rates and changes in ADRs, which is what hurt our dollar-denominated reported results the most during the financial crisis. The other lesson that we learned, though, is that I think we did the right thing in continuing to invest aggressively in building out the international hotel platform and to invest aggressively in marketing. And I think those investments are still paying dividends for us today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney of Citigroup.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Inc: Your guidance does imply that leverage in EBITDA over gross profit, which is the first time in maybe a couple of quarters where you signaled that. Before you were talking about expanding sales force. Is there something that would depress margins? Is there -- do you really feel like you've reached a tipping point where margins can't expand again? Is there something that's causing you to scale back your initial plans for rolling out more sales people, more procurement people in the international markets?
Jeffery Boyd: I think there's a couple of things going on here, Mark. The first is that I want to emphasize that there has been no scaling back of our plans to build out the international hotel platform. And in fact, our brands are investing aggressively in hotel supply personnel and in building out the geographic footprint. So we haven't changed our approach to that, nor have we changed our approach to advertising. A couple of things that are happening as we go into the third quarter is that seasonally speaking, it's our strongest quarter from a margin perspective. And I think, second of all, because we had such significant acceleration of growth in the prior quarter, which implies significant marketing expenditure with revenue and stays to come in a later quarter, and a slowing down of growth accordingly in the third quarter, that could tend to build your operating leverage a little bit as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ingrid Chung of Goldman Sachs.
Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So I think Dan mentioned on the call that you have roughly $1.5 billion of net cash at this point. And you've only bought a modest amount of stock so far this year. I was wondering if you could just give us an update on your thoughts regarding capital allocation? And then secondly, we saw that you launched a local deals offer. I was just wondering, is this an experiment? Or do you see this as a real opportunity for you?
Daniel Finnegan: In terms of stock buyback, we bought back a fairly sizable amount in the first quarter. We were less aggressive with buyback in the second quarter. It's something we look at from time to time, and we'll continue to be opportunistic with buybacks. So we don't necessarily have a plan to buy a steady amount each quarter or to not buy. We look to be opportunistic, and we look in relation to other possible uses of cash such as acquisitions or debt repayment, which, right now, we don't have anything coming up in the foreseeable future. So I would expect that we will continue to access stock buyback as we had in the past.
Jeffery Boyd: And Ingrid, with respect to the local deals, emails that you might have seen, that's a test that we're doing in a particular market to see if the customer base is responsive to local deals coming from our brand here in the United States. And as I look at some of the deals, I think some of them are pretty attractive. As everybody knows, there is a lot of clutter in that space now, and a lot of emails and offers are vying for the attention of consumers now. But it's a fairly easy test for us to perform, and so we're just going to keep working on it. And you may see it in another city or 2 as we try to figure out how accepting consumers are with those kinds of offers from the Priceline.com brand.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Sandler of RBC Capital Markets.
Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Just 2 questions on international. Can you give us a little bit of color on the 78% international x FX growth rate just in terms of maybe kind of bracketing Europe versus APAC? And then a follow-up on that one, you guys have always talked about your hotel business, should be thought of in terms of your percentage of hotel room nights relative to total hotel room nights there being booked, either online or offline. But if we just look at the online market specifically, where do you think Agoda and Booking.com are in terms of market share in Asia-Pacific?
Jeffery Boyd: Dan, why don't you do the first one with respect to the growth rate? And I'll do the second.
Daniel Finnegan: Okay. For the 78% growth rate on a local currency basis, Ross, as Jeff said, Europe is growing at a slow rate in that overall growth rate, but still at a very high rate, and it still is such a big part of our business that we couldn't post that kind of a growth rate without a significant contribution from our European market. Asia-Pacific is growing at a faster rate, and it is starting to become a larger percentage of our total room nights, together with North America for our Booking.com business and South America. And so they're starting to have a more pronounced impact on our overall growth rate. But Asia-Pacific, growing faster together with North America and South America, and Europe's still growing at a very fast rate.
Jeffery Boyd: And I think if you look at the Agoda and Booking.com businesses in Asia as a share of all online, the first thing I can say is there really is no reliable data to basically sum all of the online business in Asia. I don't think anybody really has complete information about what percentage of hotel bookings are coming directly to Hotel.com (sic) [Hotels.com] websites. You can look at the businesses of Ctrip and Wotif and some of the other leading folks in the region. And I think we still have a long way to go in that region to approach the size of some of those folks. So I look at our share in the Asia-Pacific region as -- especially if you go market-by-market in a lot of places, pretty small. And therefore, there's a lot of room for us to grow. But I would continue to emphasize, as you mentioned, that it's much more important to look at the total marketplace to really try to understand the opportunity for further growth. Online penetration is much lower in a lot of these markets than it is in the United States, and I just think there's a lot of running room for us and for other players in this space to build their business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeetil Patel of Deutsche Bank Securities.
Jeetil Patel - Deutsche Bank AG: A couple of questions. First of all, can you talk about just the overall number of hotels that you've added in the quarter? In general, about 155,000 is what the quarter end number was. I guess, can you discuss how many came out of the Asia-Pac region and out of Europe in terms of where most of the incremental adds on hotel is coming today? And then second, maybe qualitatively, if you could just discuss maybe the traveler demand within Europe? Are there markets or countries that are showing exemplary growth relative to others? Maybe a bit of a qualitative view there, that'd be great.
Jeffery Boyd: Well, I think in terms of hotel additions there, Booking.com continues to add a lot of hotels in Asia-Pacific. They also continue to add a significant number of hotels in North America, which is a new market for the international business, and in South America as well. With respect to travel demand, I don't have any significant regional commentary for you other than to say something I said in the last quarter, is that we've seen a little bit of shifting of demand away from destinations in North Africa that have been subject of civil unrest, perhaps to destinations in Southern Europe and elsewhere. But I don't have a lot of other sort of regional color for you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Aaron Kessler with ThinkEquity.
Aaron Kessler - ThinkEquity LLC: A couple of questions. First, can you just give us -- on the tax rate for 2012, if you can just repeat that on the approximate rate you would expect or at least an improvement versus the 2011 rate. And additionally, for the air ticket improvement, I think you said 7% growth roughly, are you thinking it's a change the consumer behavior in the U.S. markets in terms of looking for more value-priced tickets? Or are you just getting better inventory availability?
Daniel Finnegan: On the first one, Aaron, for the tax rate, what I said was that we expect the Innovation Box to benefit our cash tax rate next year by 4 to 6 percentage points. There are other factors that could work into play there that could have an impact, such as work proportion of our pretax income Booking.com represents in relation to our other subsidiaries. But based upon current quarters since the -- in the breakdown of our pretax income by business, that's what we're projecting.
Aaron Kessler - ThinkEquity LLC: Okay, so that's not relative to 2011. That's just the total impact.
Daniel Finnegan: That's correct.
Jeffery Boyd: And with respect to the airline ticket business, I don't think there's been a fundamental change in shopping behavior. But as you guys know, airfares have gone up fairly substantially over the past couple of years. And that's especially true when you consider the impact of additional fees for baggage and things like that. And so American consumers have always been very active shoppers for airline tickets. They typically are going to a lot of different sites. And so I think, because we're one of the main brands, we benefit from that shopping activity to a degree in traffic, although sometimes it hurts our conversion. The other thing that I would mention, though, is I think our air team at Priceline.com has done a very nice job of continuing to build the position and relevance of the opaque product, so that when airfares are going up like they have, the airlines, I think, are using the product as a tool to revenue-manage and keep their loads up as prices are going up. And that's worked well, I think, for the airlines, but it's also worked well for our opaque business.
Aaron Kessler - ThinkEquity LLC: Okay. And finally, any commentary on Booking.com's success within the U.S. market? It seems like you see a lot of bidding pretty aggressively for the top keywords and for Booking.com?
Jeffery Boyd: Well, I think Booking.com is doing well in the United States. Booking still has a long way to go to fill out a truly national inventory here in the United States, but I think the team has done a very good job of adding a lot of hotels over a short period of time, and that's helping Booking.com's results. And I also think it's helping that the Booking.com inventory is also getting some demand from Priceline.com, which is able to help them build a higher degree of relevance with the hotels, being able to represent demand from both sources. So we're pleased with the progress they've made. We have a long way to go to really get national comprehensive inventory. But I think we're making very good progress towards that goal.
Operator: Our next question comes from Herman Leung of Susquehanna.
Herman Leung - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Jeff, Dan, 2 quick questions for you. I guess the first one is you mentioned a lot of acceleration a couple of times, with Agoda and Booking.com growth rates sort of accelerated into the back half with growth in that business. I was wondering if you're seeing incremental demand. Or is that just sort of early stages of growth in this business? And then second, I was curious on how important you think owning inventory in the Asia market is, or partnering up, with how Expedia partnered with AirAsia to secure a kind of air inventory, or Ctrip taking ownership in a hotel to get access to hotel inventory, and MakeMyTrip kind of trying to also go into that Asia space as well. So just kind of curious on how you look at the competitive landscape and whether or not inventory -- how important it is to kind of partner up for inventory.
Jeffery Boyd: Maybe I'll answer the second question first. We have not traditionally taken a principal position with inventory. That's something that consolidators did in the past, and that basically took away the hotel's control over their pricing, usually involved much higher margins than we charge. And we believe our business model is much more both hotel-friendly and even more important, consumer-friendly. And so, our efforts are really focused more on making sure that we've got availability, real time, through our extranet rather than trying to sell up inventory. The AirAsia transaction is really a very different situation. We don't sell airline tickets in Asia. We only sell hotel reservations and a little bit of rental car. And I don't think you need to engage in that kind of partnership and trade off some of your equity in your business in order to get hotel inventory. The distribution model is attractive enough to hotels that they're happy to participate in it without that kind of an arrangement being a prerequisite. With respect to Ctrip and the hotel business in China, I think that's a unique market, where it was very important for the whole market to increase the inventory of moderately priced hotels in China in order to help the entire travel industry grow for travelers inside of China. Right now, that's a smaller part of our business. We're focused much more on international travel to and from China and therefore, that has not been an important part, at least our strategy in that market.
Daniel Finnegan: And in terms of the acceleration in growth rate, Herman, it's hard to identify sometimes the reasons why the growth rate slows down a little bit or accelerates. We saw a deceleration in April, which we expected to be the easiest comp because of the volcano. And then, the growth rate accelerated in the back part of the quarter. So to point to a specific reason why that happened, it's very difficult. But the acceleration was pretty much across the board. It was for our core markets as well as our newer, faster-growing markets. And we've seen some deceleration now so far in Q3, and that's reflected in our forecast.
Herman Leung - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Got it. And then TravelJigsaw, $154 million was a lot better than what we expected. Is this just partly seasonality? Or should we expect a continuous sequential increase in this?
Jeffery Boyd: We're not giving out guidance as to growth rates by brand or for TravelJigsaw. But the international rental car business is highly seasonal. And the second and third quarters are by far the most important from a gross bookings perspective.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Anmuth of JPMorgan.
Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Just 2 things. Is there anything specific you can point to in terms of the improved marketing efficiency during the quarter? And then secondly, as you think about the business a little bit longer term and obviously as you go even more international, would you still expect to get margin expansion going forward?
Daniel Finnegan: In terms of the improved marketing efficiency, Doug, it improved versus our forecast. It's actually worse versus the prior year. What we said was that we're happy with our ad efficiency on a brand-by-brand basis. So it's really more of a mix driver that's causing the year-on-year relationship. In terms of versus our guidance, just the ROIs came in a little bit stronger than what we had assumed when we put the guidance together. In terms of leverage for the long run, we're only giving guidance right now for Q3, but we've been pretty successful at maintaining our non-variable expenses, if you will. So other than like an online advertising or sales and marketing expense growing at slower rates than our gross profit. And we would strive to continue to do that in the future. While we're growing at these types of rates, it's on the margin easier to deliver leverage. But our Q3 guidance shows some nice leverage, and that's an important goal for the business to continue to focus on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Millman of Millman Associates.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Some companies are indicating that they've seen a slowdown in the vacation exchange market in the U.K. And I was wondering if indeed your hotel market is totally different from that, or why you would think that market was slowing. And maybe the European market may be slowing a little. I think you've indicated it wasn't. And regarding the U.S. rental car business, I think you said the second quarter was strong. I was wondering what you're seeing in the summer, particularly because one of the major companies said it was pretty -- prices were pretty soft going into looking at August and so -- and another company said prices were pretty stable. So hopefully, you'd be the tiebreaker.
Jeffery Boyd: With respect to the U.K. business, I know some of the tour operators announced results that were viewed as disappointing. I don't have any particular comment to make about whether that has an impact on what we're seeing in the U.K. I think that part of that is driven by share shift to low cost carriers and that sort of thing. So it's hard to correlate that to exactly what's happening in the online marketplace. And if you look at our competition, Expedia, I think, posted attractive growth numbers. U.K. is a big market for them, so I don't think that you can draw any firm conclusions by what's going on in those other businesses. With respect to U.S. rental car business, our commentary on that is really more driven by the extent to which rental car companies are operating with very constrained fleets or with relatively unconstrained fleets. And in some summer periods, the fleets are very constrained, and there are a lot of -- you know better than I do, a lot of reasons why that happens. And I think this year, our experience has been so far that there was decent fleet availability to allow participation in some of the promotional channels and revenue management-type channels like our opaque. And as a result, we were pretty pleased with the numbers we were seeing there. The pricing in the rental car market seems to go sometimes in a very different direction from pricing in the other travel verticals. So in a time when hotel ADRs and airfares were coming down a couple of years ago, rental car prices were going up. Now, prices for airline tickets and hotels have been very firm really for a number of quarters, and rental car price is a little bit softer. I really don't have much beyond that.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Is fleet still pretty loose going into the summer?
Jeffery Boyd: I wouldn't say that fleet is loose. I think the rental car companies do a terrific job of managing fleet size. But it's not like it's been in some prior periods where there were literally no cars in Orlando or no cars in Las Vegas. There are typically cars available.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Lennan [ph] of Monness, Crespi [ph].
Unknown Analyst - : Time for my quarterly question about Expedia and competition. You took share again from Expedia in hotel room nights, but the rate at which you did so seemed to slow down. It didn't seem to -- actually, it did slow down. Any thoughts on why, is number one. Number two, on the OpEx guidance detail, you'll be scaling that back and not giving the line-by-line. Could you give us a reason why? Is that -- does that compromise your competitive effectiveness in any way? Or giving the detail, that is, compromise?
Jeffery Boyd: Right. Sure. So with respect to the room nights, we're focused more on how our business is rolling out geographically and how we're doing in markets relative to our own expectations. And you've heard us say before that this is a very big market. There's room for more than one company to do well. And Expedia has, over the past 5 years, had a lot of quarters where they're reporting 40% growth in international gross bookings. And I think they had a good quarter last quarter. But I'm very satisfied with the momentum of our business in these markets, especially when you consider the size of our business compared to Expedia's now. And the absolute difference between the growth rate that we're reporting and the growth rates that they're reporting, I think, is still very impressive performance by the Priceline Group and by our international hotel business in particular.
Daniel Finnegan: In terms of line item detail, Bill, mostly, line items just aren't all that material to our total income statement. And so to the extent that there is a driver in there, it will be -- we'll still be giving top line. We'll be giving bottom line. And if there's an unusual relationship in one of the line items, we'll call that out as we're giving our guidance.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from Mark Mahaney of Citigroup.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Inc: Two quick questions. Any comments on the China market specifically? And any traction you think you're seeing there? And then the extent to which you have integrated TravelJigsaw and care hire -- rental car offerings across the different Priceline, Agoda, Booking.com properties, how much have you done there? Are you -- is it inning 2 of a 9-inning process? How much more integration could there be? How much cross-selling opportunity do you think there is there?
Jeffery Boyd: Okay. so with respect to the China market, as we've said previously, the largest part of our APAC business is outside of China. And the business that we have inside of China is relatively small. We're focusing on international travel, primarily inbound from the international traveler into China and Chinese residents traveling outbound to international destinations. And I think that the outlook for those businesses continues to be excellent. Given the growth in that economy and just the changing demographic that they're experiencing, there's just going to be a lot more international travel for Chinese travelers, and hopefully we'll be able to play a part of that. With respect to TravelJigsaw, we -- I think we've done a good job at trying to share knowledge and best practices. And I think that sharing is starting to be evident in TravelJigsaw's results. We are directing some demand from some of our brands to TravelJigsaw, although I don't want to oversell that because the crossover from hotel, which is our biggest business, to rental car is not that huge, quite frankly. But we still think there's a lot of opportunity for TravelJigsaw to, with our help, continue its geographic expansion. And I think that's one of the most exciting parts of the opportunity. And much of that is yet to come.
Operator: And, gentlemen, our final question comes from Jeetil Patel of Deutsche Bank Securities.
Jeetil Patel - Deutsche Bank AG: Jeff, on this question, I'm curious as to your thoughts as to where you think the area-windows [ph], the Airbnb concepts fit in terms of the industry positioning from a consumer standpoint? Do you think they're a replacement for hotels? Do they kind of compliment or sit on top of hotels in terms of competition? Just curious as to your thoughts and your interest in that category as a whole.
Jeffery Boyd: Well, I think we look at vacation rentals and Airbnb as really an extension of that concept, although it could turn out over time that a lot their business is, in fact, a traditional vacation rental. It's a very interesting category. It's very well-suited to the Internet because of the fragmentation of supply and because of the critical need the consumer has to learn about the place they're going to stay. The Internet is just an excellent vehicle for delivering that information, and the development of social applications is a key ingredient there. And I think because consumers are so interested in participating in those applications, it's really got an ability to boost a business like Airbnb, and perhaps drive what I think they believe is really incremental business. It's not people that otherwise would have stayed in a hotel. The story that they tell about the starting of the business was a time when there were no hotel rooms available in San Francisco. And they were able to essentially rent out their air mattresses because there was no place for people to stay. And I think they're attracted to a category of traveler who might stay in the hotel but who, in fact, also might not. So in summary, we think it's a very interesting business. It's timely. I think it represents a potential nice addition to the vacation rental market for those homeowners who want to use their transaction processing capability. And I think that's something that's exciting for Airbnb. And we wish them the best. Well, I think, according to the operator, that was our last question. So we thank everybody for participating in the call.
Operator: Thank you, gentlemen, and thank you, everyone, for your participation. That does conclude your call. You may disconnect at this time. Have a great day.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-05 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Daniel Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Jeffery Boyd - Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Group Management Board, Director, Chief Executive Officer of Lowestfare.com and Director of Lowestfare.com
Analysts: Scott Devitt - Morgan Stanley Sandeep Aggarwal - Caris & Company Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Bill Lennon - Inaudible Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch Jeetil Patel - Deutsche Bank AG Heath Terry - Canaccord Genuity Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Welcome to the Priceline Group's First Quarter 2011 Conference Call. Priceline would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements.  Expressions of future goals and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Priceline's actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of Priceline's earnings press release, as well as Priceline's most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Unless required by law, Priceline undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Priceline's earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the Investor Relations section of Priceline's website located at www.priceline.com.  And now I'd like to introduce the Priceline Group's speakers for this afternoon, Jeff Boyd and Dan Finnegan. Please go ahead, gentlemen.
Jeffery Boyd: Thank you, and welcome to Priceline's first quarter conference call. I'm here with Priceline's CFO, Dan Finnegan. I will make some opening remarks. Dan will give a detailed financial review, and then I will sum up. After the prepared portion, we will take questions. Priceline reported consolidated gross bookings for the first quarter of approximately $4.7 billion, up 57% year-over-year. Non-GAAP net income was $137 million or $2.66 per share, up 57% versus prior year. First quarter results surpassed First Call consensus estimates of $2.46 per share and our guidance for the quarter. Worldwide hotel room night reservations were $31.2 million for the quarter, up 56% year-over-year.  Growth rates for our International business increased during the quarter with 78% gross bookings growth on a local-currency basis. Growth rates benefited generally from increased ADRs and from growth at Agoda and the Asian and South American business of Booking.com, which were seasonally strong in Q4 and Q1. International gross bookings also benefited generally from growth in new markets, growth in hotel supply and inclusion of TravelJigsaw results. Booking.com continued to build its worldwide hotel supply platform, with over 135,000 hotels in 101 countries. Booking.com continues to build inventory in sales in Asia, South America and North America, delivering growth in reservations to those destinations and growing demand in those regions for hotels around the world. As those businesses have achieved greater scale, they are contributing to high reported consolidated growth rates. Bookings execution and expanding geographically and building share of online hotel demand has been, in my opinion, exceptional, as underscored by high International growth rates this quarter.  Priceline's domestic gross bookings grew 14% in the first quarter due primarily to growth in retail and Opaque hotel room night gross bookings, aided by improved ADRs and the return to growth in airline ticket sales and higher airfares. Solid growth in Opaque airline tickets helped the domestic top and bottom line as airlines use the Opaque channel as a revenue management tool while they increased fares generally. Ticket sales also benefited as American Airlines tickets were unavailable on Expedia and Orbitz for the quarter, but were available on Priceline. Merchant gross bookings growth of 50% continues to reflect growth in the domestic retail and Opaque hotel business, but even more so growing contributions from Agoda and TravelJigsaw. Agoda continues to report impressive year-over-year growth in gross bookings, contributing to the overall International and merchant growth we are reporting. TravelJigsaw delivered solid growth in Rental Car unit sales in the quarter and is building availability as it approaches the high summer season. In summary, the growth in the Group's International hotel business exceeded our forecast in the first quarter and we are pleased with the progress of our brands in Asia-Pacific and other new markets. I commend my colleagues around the world for their focus and execution. I will now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review.
Daniel Finnegan: Thanks, Jeff. I'll discuss some of the highlights in operating results and cash flows for the quarter, and then provide guidance for the second quarter of 2011. Q1 top line performance was exceptional, reflecting acceleration in unit growth rates. Hotel room nights booked grew year-over-year by 56% in the first quarter as compared to 51% in the fourth quarter. Average daily rates or ADRs were up by about 4% for our International hotel service and by about 7% for our U.S. hotel service for Q1 2011 compared to the prior year of first quarter. FX rates for the first quarter were slightly favorable to the rates we assumed in our guidance and for the prior year first quarter FX rates. The strong performance in unit growth and increasing ADRs has caused total gross booking dollars to grow by 57% for Q1 compared to the prior year. Our International gross bookings grew by 79% and by 78% on a local-currency basis for Q1 2011 compared to the prior year. These growth rates exceeded the top end of our guidance range, as our International hotel business delivered outstanding results that exceeded our expectations.  The sustained outstanding performance for our International hotel business is a tribute to the hard work and operational excellence of our teams at Booking.com and Agoda. We saw a strong growth rates in our key markets in Q1. Our newer, faster growing markets in Asia-Pacific and South America, which experienced peak seasonal travel in the first and fourth quarters of the year, also contributed to our growth rate. TravelJigsaw, the U.K.-based merchant rental car reservation service we acquired in May 2010, contributed $96 million in gross bookings in Q1. RentalCars days booked were up by 65% versus first quarter 2010, including the impact of TravelJigsaw. Gross bookings growth for our U.S. business of 14% exceeded the top end of our guidance range and also exceeded the 9% growth rate posted in Q4. Strong growth in hotel room nights booked and higher ADRs were key drivers. Airline tickets booked were up by 2% in the quarter, resulting mainly from strong growth in Name Your Own Price airline tickets. The 12% increase in average retail ticket prices also contributed to gross bookings growth. The strong performance in gross bookings helped to drive bottom line performance that exceeded the top end of our range of guidance and First Call consensus. Gross profit was $506 million and grew 59% as compared to prior year. Our International operations generated gross profit of $388 million and grew by 81% as compared to the prior year. Gross profit for our U.S. business amounted to $118 million, which represented 13% growth versus prior year.  Total operating expenses came in slightly above the midpoint of our guidance, driven primarily by higher than forecasted online advertising expense, which resulted from gross bookings over-performance. Online advertising expenses, as a percentage of gross profit was slightly favorable to our guidance, but came in higher than the first quarter of 2010. As I mentioned, in February, when we gave guidance for the quarter, each year in the first quarter, we have significant ad spend related to bookings for travel that takes place in subsequent quarters when the related gross profit is recognized. Moreover, our International business, which relies more on online advertising spend, grew faster than our U.S. business. Consequently, we've seen ad spend increase as the percentage of gross profit in Q1, even though we saw a strong ad efficiency for our brands. Personnel expense was lower than forecast for the quarter due to hiring of the slower paced than assumed and lower than forecasted bonus expense. Non-GAAP other expense recorded below operating income in the quarter amounted to $8 million, which is higher than the $5.5 million of expense we assumed in our guidance.  The variance relates mainly to more FX hedging and transaction losses than assume for guidance as the euro strengthened after we gave guidance. The strengthening euro had a favorable impact on the translation of our Booking.com results into U.S. dollars. I'd like to take a moment to remind you how our hedging program works. We enter into hedged contracts during the early part of each quarter to hedge against the impact of foreign currency exchange rate volatility on the guidance that we give for non-GAAP EBITDA and net income. The hedges are short-term in nature and do not offset the impact of translation on our gross bookings, revenue and gross profit.  This year, the euro strengthened during the quarter after we enter our hedge contracts and we recorded hedge losses as a result. Last year, the euro weakened during the first quarter after we entered our hedge contracts, and we, therefore, recorded gains on the contracts. In the first quarter of 2010, we had non-GAAP other income of $1.4 million compared to the $8 million of expense in Q1 of this year. This year-over-year swing in other expense resulted in EBITDA deleverage. Non-GAAP EBITDA for Q1 amounted to $173 million, which exceeded our guidance range of $147 million to $157 million and represents 55% growth versus prior year. EBITDA leverage or non-GAAP EBITDA expressed as a percentage of gross profit, declined by 70 basis points in the quarter versus prior year Q1. In terms of cash flow, we generated approximately $276 million of cash from operations during first quarter of 2011, which represents a 164% increase versus prior year. Operating cash flow for the quarter was favorably impacted by the timing of approximately $124 million of withholding tax payments, which were accrued in the first quarter and paid in the second quarter. We spent about $8 million on CapEx in the quarter and paid about $62.6 million in the quarter, representing the year on that amount to be base upon the performance of our Agoda business since we acquired it in 2007. We repurchased approximately $157 million of our common stock during the quarter. As of March 31, our cash and investments of $1.7 billion exceed our outstanding debt balance by about $1.2 billion. We also have our $175 million revolving credit facility that is undrawn and doesn't expire until September 2012. Now for second quarter 2011 guidance. Our forecast reflects exceptional top line performance, driven primarily by the continued strength of our worldwide hotel room reservation business, as well as the inclusion of TravelJigsaw. I'll highlight that we bought TravelJigsaw in May 2010, and therefore, in Q2 2011, it is now starting to appear in our prior year comparable results from the date of acquisition. Our forecast also assumes that exchange rates remain at the same $1.48 per euro and $1.65 per British pound as yesterday's closing rates. At earlier, these exchange rates, our euro and pound denominated results will be substantially higher expressed in U.S. dollars than they would've been at the prior year average exchange rates. Specifically, average exchange rates for the second quarter of 2011 would be stronger by 16% for the euro and by 10% for the British pound as compared to the prior year.  As I mentioned earlier, our hedge contracts are in place to substantially shield our second quarter EBITDA and net earnings for many fluctuation in the euro or pound between now and the end of the quarter. But these hedges do not offset the impact of translation on our gross bookings, revenue and gross profit. We are forecasting total gross bookings to grow by 53% to 58%, with U.S. gross bookings growing by approximately 8% to 13%. We expect International gross bookings expressed in U.S. dollars to grow by 76% to 81% as compared to last year and to grow on a local-currency basis by approximately 53% to 58%. Our second quarter guidance assumes that the rate of year-over-year increase for ADRs will be less than the increase we experienced in Q1, for both our International and U.S. hotel services. We expect the Q2 revenue to grow year-over-year by approximately 36% to 41%, and gross profit dollars to grow by approximately 57% to 62%. For Q2 operating expenses, we are targeting consolidated advertising expenses of approximately $233 million to $243 million, with about $10 million of that amount being spent for off-line advertising. Online advertising expense as a percentage of gross profit is assumed to increase compared with the prior year Q2. The increase is driven principally by brand mix rather than a change in the fundamental efficiency of our online advertising by brand. Our International brands are growing substantially in Q2 and spend the higher percentage of gross profit on online advertising than our U.S. business. We expect sales and marketing expense of between $36 million and $41 million. We expect personnel costs, excluding stock-based compensation, to come in between $75 million and $80 million. We expect G&A expenses of approximately $26 million to $31 million. We expect information technology costs of about $8 million, and depreciation and amortization expense, excluding acquisition amortization, of about $5 million. We expect total non-GAAP other income expense recorded below operating income to amount to expense of approximately $9 million for Q2 2011 compared to income of about $2 million in Q2 2010. The other income expense is comprised primarily of foreign exchange losses, net interest expense and the charge for net income allocated to noncontrolling interests. Non-GAAP, other income expense excludes noncash interest expense and gains or losses on early debt extinguishment, if any, related to cash settled convertible debt and includes the additional impact of other non-GAAP adjustments on net income attributable to noncontrolling interests. Non-GAAP EBITDA is expected to range between $310 million and $320 million, which at the midpoint represents 54% growth versus prior year. Our guidance assumes that we will experience EBITDA deleverage close principally by the $11 million negative year-over-year variance in other income and expense. We are targeting non-GAAP fully diluted EPS of approximately $4.70 to $4.90 per share, which at the midpoint, represents 56% growth over prior year. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax rate of approximately 20%, comprised of International income taxes and alternative minimum tax and state income taxes in the U.S., where we have a sizable NOL to reduce our cash tax liability. Our non-GAAP tax rate has generally been increasing as compared to prior year periods, due to more significant growth in International earnings as compared to U.S. earnings. Our non-GAAP EPS guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of 51.7 million shares based upon Wednesday's closing stock price of $537.56. We expect to report GAAP EPS of $4.03 to $4.23 per share for Q2. The difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP results is driven by non-GAAP adjustments to exclude stock-based compensation, acquisition-related amortization, noncash interest expense for amortization of debt discount, noncash gains or losses related to early debt conversions, certain noncash income tax expenses, and to include the impact on net income attributable to noncontrolling interests of certain of the aforementioned non-GAAP adjustments to arrive at non-GAAP earnings.  We also intend to adjust non-GAAP results to exclude charges or benefits, if any, related to hotel margin tax, judgments, rulings or settlements. We are very pleased with the top line performance of the business delivered in Q1 and inherent in the guidance for Q2. However, as we have emphasized on previous earnings releases, we believe it is highly likely that we will experience sequential deceleration in quarterly, year-on-year unit growth rates in the future due to the sheer size of the business and progressively more difficult comps as we report against prior year periods, which had improving economic conditions, hotel occupancy rates and ADRs. Our Q2 guidance reflects deceleration in the unit growth rate per hotel room night reservations based upon actual results to date and assume deceleration as we proceed throughout the remainder of the quarter. Our guidance also assumes that macro economic conditions in general and conditions in the consumer travel market in particular, remain relatively unchanged. I'll now turn the call back over to Jeff for some closing comments.
Jeffery Boyd: Thanks, Dan. We believe the Priceline Group is off to a good start in 2011. Each of our brands delivered high rates of growth compared to the competition, and are, I believe, well-positioned to compete going forward. We will now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mark Mahaney of Citigroup.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Inc: I want to ask a question about the EBITDA leverage and the margins going forward. Do you think that there's a long-term, say, the next 2 to 3 years change in the pattern you've had of rising EBITDA as a percentage of gross profit dollars? Is there something that's changed structurally in the business that would deter that trend or you feel like you're close to a capping out of how high those margins can get to?
Jeffery Boyd: Mark, I think that we've said a couple of things about this in the last couple of calls. The first is, that we are in a period of some investment here in the last couple of quarters, which is why we haven't been delivering increased leverage across the consolidated income statement. Part of that is at Booking.com, who's building out the International platform to accommodate the high growth rates they've experienced, but also, we have Agoda and TravelJigsaw that are at earlier stages of their development and also requiring investment. I would not take the position that we don't foresee the possibility of earnings leverage going forward. What you're seeing now, really, reflects our judgment in terms of how to manage the business to make sure we're investing to capture the opportunity, especially in these rapidly growing markets in Asia and elsewhere, where we're still relatively new entrant.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ingrid Chung of Goldman Sachs.
Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I know that you don't talk specifically about what your market share is in specific markets, but you've obviously gained a lot of share in Europe over the last few years. I was wondering if you think that there's much more headroom for market share gains in Europe for Booking.com.
Jeffery Boyd: We absolutely believe there is. If you look at our total International hotel business as a percentage of all of the hotel rooms booked, it's still very, very small, and I don't have a percentage to quote for you. But in terms of market share of all the hotel room nights booked, it's very, very small, and I think we certainly believe that there is still a very substantial amount of business that is coming from off-line channels in the European market and in the well-developed Western European markets, and we think we are in a good position to gain share of that.
Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And in terms of share of online, do you think there's much more headroom in terms of online hotel bookings in Europe?
Jeffery Boyd: We don't particularly look at what's been going on in our marketplace as a share shift gain yet. We just don't. Our principal effort is to bring new hotels on. You saw the significant increase in hotel count for Booking.com in the quarter and certainly year-over-year, so we're not viewing this as a share shift situation. And if you look at the results that have been reported by our competition, it appears to us that they are also gaining share by penetrating that off-line channel.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Sandler of RBC Capital Markets
Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Just 2 quick questions. You mentioned in the part about the guidance that you're seeing a little bit of unit growth deceleration early in the quarter, and your 53% to 58% guidance x FX or bookings growth guidance x FX implies a little bit more of deceleration than what we've seen previously. Is this just conservatism or is there any more color you can provide on what you're seeing? And then second question is, you mentioned on the online marketing that you're doing a little bit more brand promotion versus seeing different levels of efficiency. Can you just explain what you meant by that?
Jeffery Boyd: Ross, I'll do the first one and Dan can address the second one. With respect to the growth deceleration, I think the principal thing that happened here and we would encourage investors to look at this more over a longer period of time just from one quarter to another is, we basically had a spike in the growth rate in the first quarter, a little bit off trend to what we were reporting at the end of last year. And if you look at the growth rates over 2 or 3 or 4 quarters, it's actually a much more steady, and in our view, relatively modest deceleration of what's a pretty large business. Dan, do you want to comment on the online marketing?
Daniel Finnegan: In online marketing, Ross, our biggest spend is for Pay-Per-Click. Nothing has changed there. So what I was referring to was that we have a little bit of an increase in our online advertising as our percentage of gross profit on a consolidated basis just because our international brands are growing so fast and they spend a proportionately larger amount on online advertising, partly because they're growing so fast and they're bringing new customers into the website. And then secondly, because they're not doing any off-line advertising like we do in the U.S.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Post of Bank of America.
Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch: Getting back to the bookings deceleration, to go from kind of high 70s to mid-50s this quarter, anything abnormal outside of TravelJigsaw, maybe you could explain me the impact of that. And it was an easy comp against last year's volcano, so when we think about the quarters, the third quarter and fourth quarter, do you foresee kind of similar declines or do think this is kind of the new stable level and kind of the 50s as you look out to the back half?
Jeffery Boyd: Well, we're not giving any guidance beyond the guidance we've given for the second quarter. And our overall guidance to investors is that we will see continued deceleration of the growth rate for this business. So I wouldn't want anybody to think that somehow we're walking away from that general premise. Again, I think that if you look at -- there is lot of -- in every quarter, there are a lot of things that are outside the business that affect our growth rate. And so if you'll try to look at sequential growth rates from quarter-to-quarter, I think it's very easy to get a mistake and impression about what the long-term trend is. And if you look at hotel room night growth, local currency growth over the last 3, 4, 5 quarters, it's been occurring within a reasonably tight range. And as I said previously, I think that the first quarter growth rate is a little bit off trend and that it's a much better way to look at it, to look at it over a longer period of time. One thing that we pointed out in our prepared remarks is, that we do have our bigger business in Asia and in South America where the seasonality is a little bit different. And those businesses have grown at higher rates than the rest of our businesses and so the first quarter growth rate could be benefiting from the positive results in those markets and from the different seasonality where they just have a stronger results in the fourth and first quarter, whereas our North American, Western European and U.S. business, the strongest seasonality is in the second and third quarters.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sandeep Aggarwal of Carries & Co.
Sandeep Aggarwal - Caris & Company: Jeff, can you maybe separate out for us how much growth was a contribution of American Airlines inventory [ph] that they belong in pipeline versus your competitor? And then in terms of -- are there further earn-out you are budgeting for Agoda?
Jeffery Boyd: Okay. So for the first part, I can't give you an exact figure of the benefit to Priceline's U.S. airline ticket business from the absence of American on the other websites, but we do think that the business benefited and we did see that in our results for the quarter. There are no further earn-outs for the folks at Agoda. They are subject to normal performance compensation plans like everybody else at the group.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heath Terry of Canaccord.
Heath Terry - Canaccord Genuity: I was wondering if you could give us a sense of what you're seeing in the competitive environment within Asia. I know you generally kind of draw a distinction between China and Asia specifically, but if you could give us an idea of kind of where Agoda is building, you think, the most significant competitive advantages and where you feel like your hotel count penetration is versus your competitors, that would be particularly helpful.
Jeffery Boyd: I think, Heath, if you look at the business in Asia Pacific, you have to look at not just the Agoda business, but the Booking.com business. And I think both brands are doing very well in Asia outside of China, Thailand, Singapore, for example. I think Malaysia. I think both brands are working hard to build a presence in Australia and New Zealand. There's a very strong competitor in that market in Wotif, and we're working hard to gain ground on Wotif. With respect to the Asian market in general, Ctrip is obviously one of the biggest players there. We've heard Expedia say some positive things about eLong and that eLong is now mostly focused on the hotel opportunity. From what we read in Expedia's announcement, it looks to us that their primary emphasis in the hotel space in Asia is going to be hotels.com because the Expedia brand and a lot of those markets is now going to be operated through a joint venture with a low-cost airline. So there's a lot of companies in the space, but there is also rapidly growing market and a lot of running room there. And we are focused on all of it. We are building hotel inventory in China and making some headway there, but the large majority of our business is outside of China.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Devitt of Morgan Stanley.
Scott Devitt - Morgan Stanley: Jeff, you launched the Pay As You Stay hotel option in the U.S. I think a year ago and I'm just wondering if you could talk about the percent of your U.S. hotel inventory that now offers that option and the mix of your domestic hotel bookings that are coming via Pay As You Stay now.
Jeffery Boyd: Sure. So the Pay As You Stay for everybody on the phone is typically the Booking.com inventory that has been integrated and is now offered via the Priceline website. Booking.com has been building its hotel supply in the United States over the last couple of years primarily for European customers that are traveling inbound. But we felt it was a good opportunity to provide a little more diversity to the inventory, some more buying choices for priceline.com customers. That project has worked well. A couple of comments that I would make, first of all, Booking.com still has a ways to go to have a full complement of hotels across all the markets in the United States. The team has done a great job of building inventory quickly, but it's a very, very large market and there's still a ways to go. So I think there still is more opportunity and potential to the project. I'm not going to break out what the percentage is. All I will say is, that the program is successful. It's driving a number of reservations that's significant to the U.S. business. And we think it's additive and that our customers are voting with their clicks and their wallets to take advantage of the option when it makes sense for them.
Operator: Our next question comes from Angelique Lung [ph] of Deutsche Bank.
Jeetil Patel - Deutsche Bank AG: Actually, Jeetil Patel. Question around just the international business, can you talk about just the rapid growth that you've been seeing and this really nice stuff function over the last year or do you think it's more of a function of higher purchase frequency among consumers that have been more comfortable and familiar with the brand and kind of the operation of the business or do you think it's generally more aggressive stuff and step-up in marketing spend that has driven the fairly robust transaction growth.
Daniel Finnegan: The step up in advertising spend is really coincidental with the growth in the business so we haven't done anything differently in how we approach our advertising spend. We will spend to whatever extent we can because customers are looking to come to come to our website and as long as we're successful in converting them to a booking, and we're making positive ROI on that advertising spend, we're all for as much of it as we can get. The business has been growing because it's mostly new customers coming in to the website and booking in new geographic markets. And then also through continued shift from off-line to online. We've also seen nice trends on repeat business, so people coming back to the site and booking directly. So it's a combination of both. But with growth rates so high, you know that a lot of it is new customers coming to the website.
Jeetil Patel - Deutsche Bank AG: Is that overall kind of repeat business picking up even more so in the past year? Has it been fairly steady state over the last couple of years?
Jeffery Boyd: We don't get into a lot of detail about the repeat business, but I think it's fair to say as the business grows, the absolute number of customers you get through the repeat channel has to grow and substantially to support this kind of growth in the business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Lennon of Monness, Crespi.
Bill Lennon - Inaudible: I have a question about Asian competition as well. We took a look during the quarter at hotel signings in the top 10 leisure travel destination markets in Asia and we're kind of astounded by what we found. And we only have sequentially, we've just start doing this on another year-on-year. But your family of brands look to be up on hotel signings more than 50%. Expedia's family was up about 7%, and the Orbitz and Travelocity were actually down. So my question is, what do you think the competition is? Is the competition going to get hungry and more aggressive in Asia? They seem to be standing still while you are racking up pretty aggressive hotel signings, at least in Q1. So what do you think their response will be?
Jeffery Boyd: I mean, I don't, I can't really comment on your research. I think our competition has been very aggressive in signing up hotels. I don't know if they have as many people on the ground as we do. I don't know if they are pursuing it as effectively as we are. We're not the only group with a couple of brands there. Expedia has got at least 3 brands out there that could be working on hotel signings. So they have outlined that as a very important strategic imperative for them. I'm sure they're working on it very hard. They've certainly got the scale of their worldwide business to get the International chains on board. So we view the market as very, very competitive. We do think our teams at Agoda and Booking.com are doing an outstanding job of building the inventory and that's not just happening in Asia, that's happening around the world.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Millman of Millman Associates.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Following up on one previous question on new customers and such, I was wondering where you rank conversion in terms of your growth. And then secondly, given what looks like a worldwide tightness in retail rental fleets, how you think that's going to affect both your U.S. market for car rental and Jigsaw?
Jeffery Boyd: Why don't I talk a little bit about conversion, Michael, and Dan can talk about the Rental Car Fleets. If your question is how do we think about conversion in terms of being a driver of business growth, we absolutely view it is an important driver of business growth for us. All of our brands spent a lot of time trying to improve conversion on the website. It allows you to market more aggressively, so there's a virtual circle, kind of a concept involved there. So we think it's very important.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: It wasn't so much the importance but I was trying to rank it in terms of the growth against new customers and repeat customers and such.
Jeffery Boyd: I don't think you can tease it apart because ultimately, good conversion improves your ability to get a transaction from all customers, whether they be new or repeat.
Daniel Finnegan: And Michael, in terms of Rental Car Fleets, in the U.S., for our Opaque business, it's been a variable situation. We've had quarters where we have significant challenges in getting access to sufficient discouned inventory. You have other quarters where we have a little more success. Certainly, cases where inventory is tight creates challenges for that business. We look to be having some decent access to inventory for Q2 thus far, but that can change pretty quickly. The crisis in Japan certainly doesn't help the situation and to our TravelJigsaw business, it's one of their key imperatives is to try and make sure they get good access to inventory during peak season. And so even in the best of times, that's challenging and maybe even a tougher challenge for them this year.
Operator: And our final question comes from Justin Post of Bank of America.
Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch: We're seeing Booking.com a lot in search activity in the U.S. I don't think it came up a lot on the call, but how is that model doing in the U.S. and how receptive are hotels to the take rates you're offering on the Booking.com platform?
Jeffery Boyd: The hotels are very amenable to the compensation and commission structure that Booking.com is offering here in the United States. I think they also find the ability to control their pricing and availability in Booking.com system to be very attractive and they find the access to customers, not just in the United States, but outside the United States, to be a very important benefit of participation. So we've had very good acceptance from the hotels in terms of signing up with Booking.com. Booking.com absolutely advertises in the United States and in English language Web channels that are broadly available in the United States and it's a great product for U.S. customers and their business with U.S. customers is growing.
Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch: Great. Is it growing like you are in Asia or is it a little bit slower to kind of gain traction?
Jeffery Boyd: I'm just not going to comment on the relative growth rates between regions. We look at the United States as a new market for Booking.com and it's got growth rates that we are happy with, but I don't want to get into one region going faster than the other. I guess that's the last question. Thank you all very much for participating in our conference call.
Operator: Thank you, gentlemen. That does conclude the program. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-23 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeffery Boyd - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Chief Executive Officer of Lowestfare.com and Director of Lowestfare.com Daniel Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Sandeep Aggarwal - Caris & Company Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Justin Patterson - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc. Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Bill Lennon - Inaudible Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies Herman Leung - Deutsche Bank AG Shelby Taffer Heath Terry - Canaccord Genuity Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Welcome to the Priceline Group's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2010 Conference Call. Priceline would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Priceline's actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of Priceline's earnings press release as well as Priceline's most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Unless required by law, Priceline undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Priceline's earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the Investor Relations section of Priceline's website located at www.priceline.com.  And now I'd like to introduce the Priceline Group's speakers for this afternoon, Jeff Boyd and Dan Finnegan. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Jeffery Boyd: Thank you very much, and welcome to Priceline's fourth quarter conference call. I'm here with Priceline's CFO, Dan Finnegan. I will make some opening remarks, Dan will give a detailed financial review and then I will sum up. After the prepared portion, we will take questions. Priceline reported consolidated gross bookings for the fourth quarter of approximately $3.3 billion, up 44% year-over-year. Non-GAAP net income was $175 million or $3.40 per share, up 71% versus prior year. Fourth quarter results surpassed First Call consensus estimates of $3.09 per share and our guidance for the quarter. Worldwide hotel room night reservations were $22 million for the quarter, up 51% year-over-year. For the full year, Priceline reported gross bookings of $13.6 billion, up 47% from 2009 and non-GAAP net income per share of $13.49, a 58% increase over 2009. Growth rates for our International business decreased slightly during the quarter with 71% gross bookings growth on a local-currency basis. Growth rates benefited from increased ADRs. International gross bookings also benefited from growth in new markets, growth in hotel supply, strong growth from Agoda and inclusion of TravelJigsaw results. Booking.com continued to make impressive strides in building its business, and its worldwide hotel supply platform is now approximately 120,000 hotels in 99 countries. Booking.com's focus on new markets in Asia, South America and North America is paying off with rapidly growing reservations to those destinations and growing demand in those regions for hotels around the world. Booking is making substantial investment in people to promote and manage expansion of its hotel and geographic base, which is evident in the company's growing hotel count and geographic footprint. Priceline's domestic gross bookings grew 9% in the fourth quarter due primarily to growth in sales of opaque and retail hotel room night reservations and rental car reservations. Opaque and retail hotel room night booking growth benefited from higher ADRs, and our hotel partners continued to use promotional pricing to drive demand in retail channels and use our opaque services to bolster occupancy. Merchant gross bookings growth of 42% reflects growth in the domestic retail and opaque hotel business and growing contributions from Agoda and TravelJigsaw. Agoda continues to build its business in the Asian region and continues to report impressive year-over-year growth in gross bookings, contributing to the overall International and merchant growth we are reporting. TravelJigsaw delivered solid growth in rental car unit sales in the quarter and is making good progress with platform and website enhancements and other integration steps. The growth in the Group's International hotel business has exceeded our forecast for the last few quarters, and both Booking.com and Agoda are building staff to accommodate this growth. The expense associated with this investment, as well as the payoff in terms of top line growth, are visible in our reported results and forward guidance.  In summary, the business performed well in the fourth quarter, and I commend my colleagues around the world for their focus and execution. I will now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review.
Daniel Finnegan: Thanks, Jeff. I'll discuss some of the highlights and operating results and cash flows for the quarter and then provide guidance for the first quarter of 2011. Q4 top line performance was strong, reflecting only modest deceleration in unit growth rates. Hotel room nights booked grew year-over-year by 51% in the fourth quarter as compared to the unit growth rate of 54% we posted in the third quarter. Average daily rates or ADRs dropped by about 3% for our international hotel service and by over 5% for our domestic hotel service for Q4 2010 compared to the prior year fourth quarter.  FX rates for the fourth quarter were unfavorable to both our guidance and prior year rates and therefore, adversely impacted our gross bookings growth expressed in U.S. dollars. The average exchange rates for the euro and the pound versus the dollar were down by 8% and 3%, respectively, in the fourth quarter of 2010 versus the fourth quarter of 2009. The strong performance in unit growth drove total gross booking dollars to grow by 44% for Q4 compared to the prior year. Our International gross bookings grew by 65% and by 71% on a local-currency basis for Q4 2010 compared to the prior year Q4. These growth rates exceeded the top end of our guidance range as our International Hotel business continues to deliver outstanding results and did not decelerate to the extent assumed in our guidance. TravelJigsaw, the U.K.-based merchant rental car reservation service we acquired in May 2010 contributed $55 million in gross bookings in Q4. Rental car days booked were up by 65% versus fourth quarter of 2009 including the impact of TravelJigsaw. Domestic hotel room nights posted strong double-digit growth, driven primarily by price disclosed reservations. Airline tickets booked were down by 2% in the quarter, resulting mainly from decrease in retail airline tickets, which adversely impacts gross bookings but has a negligible impact on gross profit. Domestic gross bookings growth of 9% was near the top end of our range of guidance. The strong performance in gross bookings and some favorability on operating expenses helped to drive bottom line performance that exceeded the top end of our range of guidance and First Call consensus. Gross profit was $478 million and grew 53% as compared to prior year. Our International operations generated gross profit of $374 million and grew by 68% as compared to the prior year. Gross profit for our Domestic business amounted to $104 million, which represented 15% growth versus prior year. Total operating expenses came in lower than our guidance, driven primarily by lower than forecasted online advertising and personnel expenses. Online advertising expense as a percentage of gross profit was favorable to the fourth quarter of 2009 and came in favorable to our guidance, driven by improved advertising efficiency. Personnel expense was lower than forecast for the quarter. In Q4, we actually hired at a faster pace than originally forecast due to the recent and projected growth of the business. As a result, salary expenses came in higher than forecast. However, this unfavorable variance was more than offset by lower than forecasted bonus expense.  Non-GAAP other expense recorded below operating income in the quarter amounted to $3.2 million, which is lower than the $6.5 million of expense we assumed in our guidance. The variance relates mainly to less FX hedging losses than assumed for guidance. In summary, non-GAAP EBITDA for Q4 amounted to $223 million, which exceeded our guidance range of $200 million to $210 million and represents 67% growth versus prior year. EBITDA leverage or EBITDA expressed as a percentage of gross profit expanded by 390 basis points in the quarter versus prior year Q4. In terms of cash flow, we generated approximately $180 million of cash from operations during fourth quarter 2010, which represents a 23% increase versus prior year. Operating cash flow for the quarter was impacted by the timing of income tax payments, which were significantly higher than prior year fourth quarter. We spent about $8 million on CapEx in the quarter. We received $43 million of cash in the fourth quarter upon early termination of the convergence spread hedges related to our 2011 bonds. For full year 2010, the Group generated $777 million of cash from operations, representing a 53% increase compared to 2009. We expect to pay approximately $60 million in early 2011, representing the earnout amount due based upon the performance of our Agoda business since we acquired it in 2007. The Agoda team has done an exceptional job of building a profitable business focused principally on the fast-growing Asia-Pacific market from a destination and point of demand perspective. As of year end, our cash and investments of $1.7 billion exceed our outstanding debt balance by about $1.1 billion. We also have our $175 million revolving credit facility that is undrawn and doesn't expire until September 2012. Now for first quarter 2011 guidance. Our forecast reflect exceptional top line performance driven primarily by the continued strength of our worldwide hotel room reservation business as well as the inclusion of TravelJigsaw. Our forecast also assumes that exchange rates remain at the same $1.36 per euro and $1.61 per British pound as yesterday's closing rates. That assumption yields average exchange rates for the first quarter of 2011 that would be weaker by 2% for the euro and stronger by 3% for the British pound as compared to the prior year. We have hedged contracts in place to substantially shield our first quarter EBITDA and net earnings from any further deterioration in the euro or the pound between now and the end of the quarter, but these hedges do not offset the impact of translation on our gross bookings, revenue and gross profit. We are forecasting total gross bookings to grow by 45% to 50%, with domestic gross bookings growing by approximately 7% to 12%. We expect International gross bookings expressed in U.S. dollars to grow by 64% to 69% as compared to last year, and to grow on a local-currency basis by approximately 66% to 71%.  Our first quarter guidance assumes that the rate of year-over-year increase for international and domestic hotel ADRs will be similar to the increases we experienced in Q4. We expect Q1 revenue to grow year-over-year by approximately 29% to 34% and gross profit dollars to grow by approximately 47% to 52%. For Q1 operating expenses, we are targeting consolidated advertising expenses of approximately $185 million to $190 million, with about $12 million of that amount being spent for offline advertising. Online advertising expense as a percentage of gross profit is assumed to increase compared with prior year Q1. The increase is driven principally by brand mix rather than a change in the fundamental efficiency of our online advertising by brand. Our International brands are growing substantially in Q1 and spend the higher percentage of gross profit on online advertising than our Domestic business. We expect sales and marketing expense of between $32 million and $36 million. We expect personnel costs, excluding stock-based compensation, to come in between $65 million and $69 million. We expect G&A expenses of approximately $23 million to $26 million. We expect information technology costs of about $7 million, and depreciation and amortization expense, excluding acquisition amortization, of about $5 million. We expect total non-GAAP other income expense recorded below operating income to amount to expense of approximately $5.5 million for Q1 2011 compared to income of $1 million in Q1 2010. The other income expense is comprised primarily of foreign exchange loss, net interest expense and the charge for non-GAAP net income allocated to noncontrolling interests. We assume that losses will be incurred on our hedge contracts in Q1 2011, since the FX rates assumed for guidance reflect a stronger euro than the rates that prevailed earlier in the quarter when we entered into our FX hedge contracts. We had FX hedging gains in first quarter 2010 as the euro weakened in the latter half of the quarter. Non-GAAP EBITDA is expected to range between $147 million and $157 million, which at the midpoint represents 36% growth versus prior year. Our guidance assumes that we will experience deleverage closed by online advertising expense and personnel expense growing at a faster rate than gross profit, as well as the variance in other income and expense that I just discussed. The EBITDA deleverage is principally caused by the timing difference between the recognition of revenue and certain expenses. Q1 is typically a quarter where online advertising expense and operating expense is in total expressed as a percentage of gross profit by the seasonal high point, and so the impact of these timing differences can be magnified. A significant amount of bookings typically occur in Q1 as customers make travel reservations for spring and Easter holidays in Q2 and summer holidays in Q3. However, Q1 is typically a relatively less significant quarter of the year from a revenue and gross profit perspective as less travel occurs compared to other quarters of the year.  We have grown our headcount significantly since Q1 of 2010 to accommodate the substantial rate of growth that we experienced throughout 2010, and we are continuing to grow our headcount in our worldwide business in order to accommodate the current and future growth. Although the headcount and related expenses are on board in Q1, a substantial amount of our profits will be reported in Q2 and to an even larger degree, in Q3 when the travel takes place. There is also a mixed impact on consolidated margins from the inclusion of TravelJigsaw and the level of growth achieved by Agoda, which exceeds the growth rates of our other brands. Both of these businesses are less mature than our core Booking.com and Priceline brands and consequently, have lower operating margins. TravelJigsaw, which will be included in our Q1 results for the first time, in particular has seasonally lower margins in Q1 than our core business. We are targeting non-GAAP fully diluted EPS of approximately $2.34 to $2.44 per share, which at the midpoint represents 41% growth over prior year. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax of approximately $26 million comprised of International income taxes and alternative minimum tax and state income taxes in the U.S. where we have a sizable NOL to reduce our cash tax liability. Our non-GAAP tax rate has generally been increasing as compared to prior year periods to the more significant growth in International earnings as compared to Domestic earnings. We recently received a formal ruling from the Dutch tax authorities that a portion of our pretax earnings in the Netherlands are generated from innovative activities and therefore, qualify for Innovation Box tax treatment. Earnings that qualify for the Innovation Box tax are taxed at the rate of 5% rather than the current Dutch statutory rate of 25%. The ruling covers the years 2010 through 2013 and specifies that the benefit be phased in over a multiyear period. We expect that the impact of the Innovation Box tax will reduce our consolidated cash income tax rate for Q1 and the full year of 2011 by one to two percentage points, and the guidance that I just gave for Q1 reflects this assumption.  The impact of the Innovation Box benefit is likely to grow in subsequent years as we proceed through the phasing period. By 2013, all things being equal, we estimate that the Innovation Box benefit could reduce our consolidated cash income tax rate by up to approximately five percentage points depending upon the level of earnings. Our non-GAAP EPS guidance assumes a fully diluted share count of 51.5 million shares based upon Tuesday's closing stock price of $433.78. We expect to report GAAP EPS of $1.66 to $1.76 per share for Q1. The difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP results is driven by non-GAAP adjustments to exclude stock-based compensation, acquisition-related amortization, noncash interest expense for amortization of debt discount, noncash gains or losses related to early debt conversions, certain noncash income tax expenses and to include the impact on net income attributable to noncontrolling interests of certain of the aforementioned non-GAAP adjustments to arrive at non-GAAP earnings. We also intend to address non-GAAP results to exclude charges or benefits, if any, related to hotel margin tax, judgments, rulings or settlements. We are very pleased with top line performance of the business delivered in Q4 and inherent in the guidance for Q1. However, as we have emphasized in previous earnings releases, we believe it is highly likely that we will experience sequential deceleration in quarterly year-on-year unit growth rates in the future due to the sheer size of the business and progressively more difficult comps as economic conditions continued to gradually improve. Our guidance assumes that macro economic conditions in general and conditions in the consumer travel market in particular remain relatively unchanged. I'll now turn the call back over to Jeff for some closing comments.
Jeffery Boyd: Thanks, Dan. We are pleased with the performance of our global business in 2010, and in particular, with the progress of our International Hotel business in Asia Pacific and the Americas. Expansion of supply, efficient customer acquisition and brand building and innovation strengthened our International platform and, we believe, have allowed us to achieve high growth rates on a very large business. We will now take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mark Mahaney of Citigroup.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Inc: One, do you want to call out any adverse weather-related impact on your Q4 results or on your Q1 guide? And secondly, a broader question on the U.S. hotel market. Do you think that we could see over the next couple of years a move away from the merchant model more towards an agency model? I asked that given the context of the merchant model was established at that time when the online travel agencies may have had undue leverage in the industry that maybe less the case now. So do you think that's possible, is something you could see? And is that something you're actually trying to push with the Booking.com in North America?
Jeffery Boyd: I don't think that I expect in the near term to see any broad move away from the merchant model here in the United States. It's very well understood and accepted by consumers. I think hotels see a real benefit from lower levels of cancellation, and it provides a very effective vehicle for promotions and discounting. So I think the merchant model will continue to be relevant and vibrant here in the United States for some time to come. The agency model is another approach that, I think, also has been used in the United States with traditional travel agents for a long time and is attractive to consumers here, especially consumers who value the flexibility and the ease of cancellation it affords. So I think that there's room for that model as well. But I think the merchant model is going to continue to do well also.
Daniel Finnegan: And Mark, related to the weather in Q4 for Europe and Q1 in the U.S., where we had a lot of snow-related events, it did drive some increase in cancel rates, but it wasn't overly significant to either quarter. And I think that's apparent in the results that we were able to deliver for Q4 and are included in our guidance for Q1.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bridget Weishaar of JPMorgan.
Shelby Taffer: This is Shelby Taffer calling in for Bridget. Are you seeing any impact from the civil unrest in the Middle East? And secondly, can we expect easier comps in Asia and Agoda over the next few months due to the disruptions in Thailand last year?
Jeffery Boyd: I mean, with respect to the Middle East, there's no question that we're seeing a significant drop in reservations from the countries that are experiencing the civil unrest. Those markets tend to be pretty small markets for our International business, and we've also seen at the same time, some pickup in some other warm-weather destinations. With respect to the civil unrest in Thailand, I think that there will be some easier comps for the business in Thailand. But again, our International Hotel business is very diverse and at any given point in time in the year, there will be things that are either hurting travel like volcanoes and civil unrest or helping travel like the Shanghai Expo or the Olympics, that sort of thing, that on balance, the large size and the global scope of it would tend to mitigate the impact of those sort of regional disruptions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ingrid Chung of Goldman Sachs.
Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: First, your domestic bookings grew 8.5% in 4Q and your guidance 7% to 12%. For once, you're implying the potential for reacceleration. And it sounds like you're looking for ADRs to be relatively flat sequentially, so I was wondering what could be driving that reacceleration? And then secondly, I was wondering if you could talk about the direct connect agreement you have with American. Do you see doing more deals like this or could you see forging an airline partnership similar to one that Expedia recently signed with US Airways where the inventory still funnels through the GDS, but now you see ancillary revenue streams going through the OTA?
Jeffery Boyd: I think that the market going forward for airline connectivity will be a mixed market where there'll be some direct connects like the one that we announced with American Airlines but also a very significant flow of ticketing through the GDSs. Even though I don't have a real inside track on product development plans of the GDSs, because they represent such a large and important distribution channel and because they have economies of scale, over time, if there are other products, ancillaries and functionality being made available on direct connect basis, I believe the GDSs have the technology and the will to provide that functionality to their agency customers as well. So I think we'll see a mixed model going forward where some airlines may choose to connect with a large agency through a direct connect. But many other airlines will operate through the GDS, and big travel agents like us will operate with both.
Daniel Finnegan: And Ingrid, for the Domestic business, the hotel business performed very well in Q4, and it's forecasted to perform very well in our Q1 guidance. In terms of airline tickets, we saw it down 2% in Q4, and prices were relatively weak year-on-year as well. There's been an uptick in pricing in Q1 and that can drive some additional gross bookings dollars but doesn't have a significant impact on gross profit or other profit bonds.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Sandler of RBC Capital Markets.
Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: So you mentioned better efficiency in your online marketing, can you just talk about what's driving that efficiency? Is it more organic traffic coming to your International sites, better ROI on search spend or both? Just a little more color there. And then, can you give us a little bit of help on -- if you look at Booking.com from the user perspective, what's the distribution of the user base? Is it very fragmented kind of like your supply or is it consolidated to some of the bigger Western European countries? Can you just give us a little color about where the customers are coming from in terms of percent of exposure by country, region, et cetera?
Jeffery Boyd: Ross, in terms of the advertising efficiency, we don't get into a lot of the details behind that. It is driven by the factors you mentioned. So it's how successful we are in getting traffic to come back to our website directly without a click cost. But we've said in the past, we're pleased with the levels of repeat business that we've been able to deliver. With our International business, which is growing at such a rapid pace, you still have a fairly large percentage of new customers coming and mostly through online channels. We do disclose what's going on with ADRs, and ADRs increasing is generally helpful for the unit economics for advertising efficiency, and so that's a positive. We don't talk about click costs just because we're such a big player in a lot of the markets that to indicate whether we'd see click costs going up or down, it can be indicative of what we're doing and that's competitively sensitive.
Daniel Finnegan: With respect to, Ross, where the customers are coming from, I think we've pointed out over the past couple of quarters that for Booking.com in particular, their core markets of Western Europe continue to have very strong demand trends. But as the business has expanded into new markets, we've seen not only business move into those markets as destinations, but also we're getting demand in those markets as the team of Booking.com is successful in building local presence, local distribution and some growing brand loyalty. So I think one of the reasons that we've seen a sustaining of these high growth rates is that the new market strategy is working both from a destination perspective but also as a source of demand with these new market as a point of sale.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heath Terry of Canaccord Genuity.
Heath Terry - Canaccord Genuity: Dan, you called out the plans to spend significantly more online in the domestic market this year. Can you give us a better idea of what's motivating that specifically online? Are you seeing a change in the ROI there versus your offline spending? Or is it a reaction to competitors spending more in the channel? And then finally, with regard to Jigsaw and the growth that you saw in rental cars, how much of a driver of that level of growth came from any cross-promotion with bookings?
Daniel Finnegan: Heath, just to clarify, for online spending in Q1, what I said was there's an increase in online advertising as a percentage of gross profit as compared to the prior year, and that's driven by mix of business amongst our brands. So we didn't see any fundamental change in advertising efficiency in each individual brand. But because our International brands are growing at a faster rate and spend a higher percentage of online advertising, as a percentage of gross profit, than our domestic business does, the overall consolidated rate went up. But I didn't say anything about domestic spending more this year. Each brand maintained their efficiency, and we just have the mixed impact there.
Jeffery Boyd: And with respect to cross-sales to TravelJigsaw, there definitely is some cross-selling going on among customers of other brands in TravelJigsaw, and it's helping their results. I'm not going to break out the number. It's not huge, but it's definitely helpful and it's something that we hope we're able to build on in the future. We're certainly not optimized in terms of the amount of traffic that all of our brands could potentially send to their rental car platform. So it represents an incremental opportunity as well going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sandeep Aggarwal of Caris & Company.
Sandeep Aggarwal - Caris & Company: One is, Jeff, can you tell us what is your current view on the Google's acquisition of ITA? And what efforts OTA industry is doing to raise your voice regulators? And then another question is about International revenue and market share. If you can help us to understand how much of your revenue by continents, Europe, Asia-Pac and Latin America, basically, what is the revenue breakdown? And what is your market share?
Jeffery Boyd: So with respect to Google's acquisition of ITA, the federal anti-trust review of that acquisition is ongoing. The government has received the input from the industry, and I think it's fair to say if you look at that review and the review by the European community of Google's moving to vertical search in Europe, a lot of the same concerns have been voiced. And I think the regulators had a clear view of what some of the issues are for Google's advertisers, and those issues become serious simply because of the very significant market share that Google has and its ability should it choose to do so to move business away from the product of advertising customers and towards the products that are proprietary to Google. With respect to ITA, there's also a continued concern about whether ITA's pricing platform would be available to other industry participants who could be viewed as competitors of Google in the future. I think that, that review has been very, very fulsome, and I think the industry has done a very good job of raising the questions around it. With respect to International revenue and market share by region, that's just not information that we would share. We give information based on International and domestic, but we have not broken it down by regions. And we haven't broken down market share by regions either, and that's simply for competitive reasons.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Post of Bank of America.
Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch: First, the guidance in the first quarter suggests that the rate of deceleration in International market is only going to be about two points at the midpoint to 69%. Anything helping the growth rate in the first quarter that we should think about or slowing the deceleration? It looks like it really is slowing. The second question, as you spent a lot of time on the call, Dan, about deleverage in the first quarter. Does that kind of imply that we might see leverage again in the following three quarters? Just trying to help people with their models. And lastly, Jeff, I ask you this pretty much every first quarter call. But you're spending less than $30 million on your tech platform. You're doing some direct connect stuff. You're growing really rapidly. Is your tech platform holding up? And is there any reason why you're able to spend less than some of your larger competitors?
Daniel Finnegan: Okay. So with respect to the first question, we're seeing modest deceleration in our business implied in the guidance, and I think some of the factors that we've been pointing out for the last six months or so continue to be at play here. The new market growth both as a destination and a point-of-sale for Booking.com in Asia, in particular South America. The Americas in general is at a higher growth rate than in the core markets. And as those markets become a bigger part of the whole business, it just has the effect of holding up your growth rates. Agoda continues to perform very well in the Asian market and growing at a high growth rate. That's been helpful in holding up growth rates. So I think those are -- it's really the platform, the International Hotel platform that's continuing to grow. You see the hotel count that we published for Booking.com, 120,000 hotels. I think that's up 55% year-over-year. So really, great job by the team at Booking.com in building what was already a very large and widely dispersed hotel network by a very significant amount over 12 months. And so I think it's those kinds of efforts that are helping hold up the growth as well as the great innovation that our marketing and front-end teams do around the world. And then I'll hit the capital expenditure question and Dan can talk about earnings leverage. With respect to capital expenditures, the $30 million represents an increase. It's been a modest trend up in our CapEx. And as I've said before, we have a simpler job to do than our competition because our platforms run independently. We don't have to make the investment to try to build one platform that suits everybody's different business. The International platform support one line of business only, support hotels in the case of Booking.com and Agoda, and rental cars in the case of the guys at TravelJigsaw. I think the network team that supports all of those businesses does a good job of getting economies of scale where appropriate. And I also think we have a very good technologist who have been brought up in an entrepreneurial environment and in companies where we're just very, very careful about what we spend. So I think those are all the factors. I don't think we're under-invested. And as you can see by the growth that the business has produced over the last three or four years, we've been able to manage that growth without very significantly ramping our IT spend.
Daniel Finnegan: Justin, and on the deleverage point in Q1, we gave what are the key drivers there. So on online advertising, it's really driven by mix. We saw a similar phenomena last year in the first quarter. Some of the other expenses, it's really just Q1 can be a strange quarter, and that we have a lot of online advertising coming through. We're trying to get staffed up for a prior year. We've got staff on board that we need to hire to get through peak season from last year. But the revenue is going to come later when the stays occur. So that's something we have seen in the past. Every now and then, it can throw some strange relationships into Q1. We're not going to give guidance beyond Q1, but we will say it's an important goal for our business to maintain operating leverage, and we will strive to try and do that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Herman Leung of Deutsche Bank.
Herman Leung - Deutsche Bank AG: First, I guess on your emerging markets business, I think, can you talk about the gap between the monetization of your more developed countries such as Europe relative to Asia? When can we expect that to track closer to the same monetization rates there? And then second, just curious on your trends of organic traffic in the fourth quarter as well as the first quarter, and how much Google drove traffic to your sites, whether it's domestic or internationally? And then the last question is, just if you can comment a little bit about the linearity of Q1 bookings between January and February, whether or you're seeing trends accelerate or give us some color there it would be helpful.
Jeffery Boyd: With respect to emerging markets businesses, Dan mentioned in his prepared remarks, the relatively less mature businesses that we have operate at lower operating margins than the more mature businesses. It's a balance between making sure that we are investing enough in these businesses at their stage of development to make sure that they can capitalize most effectively on the market opportunities that they're facing on the one hand, and making sure that they are, over time, building operating leverage so that they can, within a reasonable time period, approach the kind of margins our more mature businesses are able to achieve. We don't have a forecast or a time frame for you, but we obviously are comfortable with the balance that we struck between investment in these relatively younger businesses and the prospect for them to improve their margins over time. And particularly, in the Asian market where there's so much economic growth, so much growth in the travel economy in general and so much happening in terms of penetration of Internet commerce, I think it's the right decision to make sure that we are weighing in on the side of investing adequately in expanding that business at such a crucial time. We're not going to make any comments on how much business we get from Google organically. That's just not something that we discuss, although I completely understand why you asked the question. And Dan, you want to hit the question about January, February?
Daniel Finnegan: Yes. Also, Herman, in respect to our Q1 guidance, we're not going to break it down month by month or say what we project for the remainder of the quarter. But suffice to say that there is minimal deceleration as compared to Q4 inherent in that forecast.
Herman Leung - Deutsche Bank AG: And then I guess I know you guys won't talk about the traffic that's being generated by Google, but can you talk about organic traffic level of repeat users that are coming back onto your International sites? Maybe just a little bit of color on that would be very helpful.
Jeffery Boyd: We've said in the past that it's a very important goal of all of our business, and the International business in particular, because it relies on online advertising to build strong brands and to build strong repeat trends, and that's something that our team in Amsterdam has been very, very effective at. We're very pleased with the repeat trends that we see, and you can rest assured that it's a primary focus of the business. There are a lot of different ways that repeat customers can find our brands, and so we have to be attentive to those channels. But I think we have continued to basically build a very strong base of very loyal customers coming back to our websites. And Dan has mentioned in the past, it's one of the reasons that our overall advertising efficiencies have held up so well is because we're getting a lot of customers coming back to the website: loyal, repeat customers. And typically, the cost to get those customers back to the website is a lot less than the cost of bringing in a new customer.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Olson of Piper Jaffray.
Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies: Do you guys anticipate any changes in competitive landscape in Asia just based on some of your competitors' indications of increasing their spending and gaining share in Asia-Pac? I guess, are you seeing any more aggressive tactics from competitors in Asia right now?
Jeffery Boyd: I think there are a lot of businesses that are spending money investing in Asia and doing well there. It's a massive market: 900 million people, not including China or India. There is, in many cases, high single-digit, double-digit economic growth going on there. The market for travel to Asia, I think, is growing very dramatically if you look at where the hotels are building their hotels. And because of the Internet and because of the increasing International airlift to the region, it's just a very, very robust travel market. So companies have been investing very significantly there for many years, and a lot of those businesses are showing excellent results. Ctrip is doing extremely well in particular for travel, Chinese travelers inside China. I think that our major multinational competitors are spending money there with varying results based on what the public reports are. But my belief is that, that market is so robust and attractive that there'll be room for a lot of businesses to do well there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Patterson of Morgan Keegan.
Justin Patterson - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: First, just looking geographically, are there any markets that are tracking ahead of your expectations just both for Q4 and embedded in Q1 guidance? And secondly, you've been very aggressive on the mobile platforms. I'm curious if that's just introducing a new consumer base for you, particularly in Asia-Pac where advanced smartphones seem to have a very high penetration?
Jeffery Boyd: With respect to mobile, the business, while still a small percentage of our total business, has grown very rapidly. And we're very excited about the products that we have out in the mobile markets, and we're very excited to continue to innovate and bring more functionality into the mobile application world and to equally importantly, improve the browsing experience for people that just come to our mobile website. I think a couple of the things that have happened in the marketplace that will probably be interesting, the first is that if you look at the fourth quarter results for the device manufacturers, it's clear that there is a very, very significant increase in sales in mobile devices in the quarter. A lot of that is holiday gifts and so forth. But there just continues to be a very significant increase in the number of devices that are out and activated. And I think that, that's going to be impacted positively by the availability of the iPhone on the Verizon platform, which will create a whole another category of demand. And you're also having non-Apple manufacturers building tablet devices that are getting good reviews, and the Android device has basically, in a very short period of time, grown to be of roughly equal size. So just the significant growth in the number of devices online represents an opportunity for folks like us and for guys that can get good functionality out into the marketplace to participate. With respect to emerging markets, I think that our view is that the mobile platforms will be very, very important, and that it may take a little bit longer for the mobile platforms in those markets to become significant vehicles for commerce. But that over the intermediate time frame, they have the potential to become more important as a share of total e-commerce just because a higher percentage of consumers in emerging markets are likely to have their primary interaction with the Internet over a mobile device versus a fixed desktop computer at their home or in the office. So I think that the potential there, it may take longer to realize, but it actually could potentially be higher than the domestic market share potential.
Daniel Finnegan: And in terms of geographically, which markets are tracking ahead of our expectations, I'd say for our worldwide hotel business, it's basically every market. We've been pleasantly surprised with the performance that we posted for Q4 and with the guidance we're able to give for Q1, and that's really coming through in the new markets like Jeff mentioned. So Asia-Pacific, the Americas, South America are growing very fast. But the core markets still being such a big part of the business that without those markets also posting very strong growth, we wouldn't be able to post the results in the forecast that we did. So I'd say we've been pleasantly surprised across the board.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Millman of Millman Research.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: In the U.S., in rental car, we're seeing a big growth in the spartan brands. I was wondering what impact that's having on your ability to get merchandise for opaque? What impact -- is it the impact that you're seeing on your total U.S. business and rental cars? And Jigsaw, can you talk about what's driving their big increases in growth? And then maybe you can say something about Expedia's talking about putting Hotwire opaque into Europe and what you see from that?
Jeffery Boyd: Okay. So with respect to the rental car spartan brands, as you call them, there's no question that consolidation in the industry has happened in a real way and that part of the strategy of the major rental car companies is to have a low cost brand associated with a premium brand. I think that over time, that can have an impact on how the large rental car companies allocate inventory to opaque. But I think the more important driver of whether opaque channels have strong inventory is overall fleet capacity, and that's been volatile. And that volatility has been evident in our results, and we expect that volatility to continue. With respect to TravelJigsaw, the growth rates that we're reporting for rental car are driven more by the fact that TravelJigsaw is being included in these quarters for the first time, and there's no year-over-year comp. We're very pleased with the growth we've seen in that business, but we haven't broken it out specifically. And it is not our intention to break it out in the future, but rather to discuss the rental car product broadly speaking internationally and domestically, and that's what you'll see us doing going forward. With respect to Hotwire in Europe, the European market is challenging for opaque hotels because in the United States and especially in large cities, well more than half of the inventory is national brands where star ratings and what you'd expect to see in a hotel are very, very well understood. And in Europe, it's a little bit harder because the hotels are all very different, and it's hard for the consumer to really know what they're getting without actually knowing more details about the hotel. I think that's going to be a challenge for Hotwire, and it's certainly a challenge for us as we try to sell opaque hotels to U.S. customers traveling to Europe. It's something we'll keep our eye on. It probably would have been a stronger supplier proposition two years ago than it is today.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Lennon of MCH.
Bill Lennon - Inaudible: With respect to hotel room nights, it looks like you still gained nice share from Expedia, but slightly less than in the last couple of quarters and enough to catch my eye. So question one is, do you see Expedia doing anything different with respect to their competitive positioning? Or do you believe that their efforts to make their platform more efficient and more effective and conversions as bearing fruit? The second question is two parts. With the stock price up so much, some people have their compensation go up materially over the last two years or so. And then with the organization getting so much larger, I fear that there maybe some creeping bureaucracy because that's just a natural thing that happens to organizations. So the second question is, how do you retain senior management when their lives have changed, have gotten a lot more wealthy perhaps? And then, how do you avoid getting bureaucratic and less nimble than you have been in the last five years?
Jeffery Boyd: So with respect to the room night growth versus Expedia's room night growth, I don't recall off the top of my head what their year-over-year growth in room nights was for the fourth quarter. But I certainly don't have the perception that there was any material change in the amount of share that we took in the market versus prior quarters. So I just can't comment specifically on what they might or might have done to change that relationship. With respect to compensation, we've worked very hard to create an environment around the world where the entrepreneurs who founded the businesses that we joined up with have the independence and the scope to continue building their business and have the financial incentive that they'll benefit significantly if the business does well. And that, in fact, has happened. And we're very pleased to see those incentives working to drive value for our shareholders, and it's one of the things that we worked hardest at, and senior management is making sure that, that independence in ownership is enjoyed by the local management teams, but that also everybody understands how all the businesses fit together and see the benefits of working together as a group, which we're down to the benefit of our shareholders over the last four or five years. With respect to bureaucracy, that's just not part of our DNA. We have very little by way of layers of management, and if someone were to criticize the organizational structure of our company, it would be to say that we don't have enough middle management and staff running around the place. So I don't view that as a current risk, although over time, it's a risk for any large organization.
Operator: Gentlemen, our final question comes from Ross Sandler of RBC Capital Markets.
Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: So on the Google issue, Google has been adding hotel partnerships with Trust International and a few others recently. Can you talk about how much of your Booking.com 120,000 supply could be matched by these types of partnerships and maybe how challenging or not challenging it is to kind of build the direct business on a supply side that you've built at booking over the years?
Jeffery Boyd: I think that what Google is doing is very different from what we do. They are building advertising relationships, and we're helping consumers make reservations. They're getting all of their content from third parties. The content that we have is ours and proprietary to us. So I view them as essentially different things. I think that the barriers to entry in terms of building hotel content are lower for somebody who runs an advertising model because there are a lot of third parties who are willing to allow businesses like metasearch that have advertising platforms access to the content that they've built up over the years. So with respect to businesses that have a lot of customers and can drive well-priced leads to online travel agents and people who make reservations, they'll have content as long as they are able to supply reasonably priced leads to the folks who are giving them the content. With respect to somebody who wants to go out to a hotel and build a booking business where the merchant or agency for a commission, I think the hill is a lot higher to climb because essentially, they are, by definition, showing up without any customers and saying, do the work to connect with me and I promise someday I'll bring you a lot of customers. And that's just a little bit of a harder thing to do.
Operator: And gentlemen, at this time, I'd like to turn it back to you for any closing remarks.
Jeffery Boyd: Thank you, all, very much for participating in the call.
Operator: And this does concludes your program. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-11-08 04:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Boyd – President and CEO Dan Finnegan – CFO
Analysts: Ingrid Chung – Goldman Sachs Imran Khan – JPMorgan Herman Leung – Deutsche Bank Douglas Anmuth – Barclays Capital Ross Sandler – RBC Capital Markets Justin Post – Bank of America Mike Olson – Piper Jaffray Sandeep Aggarwal – Caris & Company Bill Lennan – Monness Crespi Mark Mahaney – Citi 
Operator: Welcome to Priceline Group’s Third Quarter 2010 Conference Call. Priceline would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performances and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Priceline’s actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of Priceline’s earnings press release, as well as Priceline’s most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Priceline undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Priceline’s earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the Investor Relations section of Priceline’s website located at www.priceline.com.  And now I’d like to introduce the Priceline Group’s speakers for this afternoon, Jeff Boyd and Dan Finnegan. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Jeff Boyd: Thank you very much and welcome to the Priceline Group’s third quarter conference call. I’m here with Priceline’s CFO, Dan Finnegan. I will make some opening remarks, Dan will give a detailed financial review, and then I will sum up. After the prepared portion, we will take questions. The Priceline Group consisting primarily of Booking.com, priceline.com, Agoda.com and TravelJigsaw reported consolidated gross bookings for the third quarter of approximately $4 billion, up 47% year-over-year. Non-GAAP net income was $272 million or $5.33 per share versus $3.45 the prior year. Third quarter results surpassed First Call consensus estimates of $4.97 per share in the high end of our guidance for the quarter.  Worldwide hotel room night reservations were $27.5 million for the quarter, up 54% year-over-year. Growth in room night reservations for the international business exceeded our expectations, driving 78% international gross bookings growth on a local currency business, a sequential increase from 67% in the prior quarter. International gross bookings benefited from strong transaction growths in core Western European and North American markets and improvement in average daily rates and increasing contribution from high-growth new markets. I want to provide on a one-time basis some data on our progress in new markets to help size their contribution to our international results. Booking.com and Agoda have made excellent progress in building the Group’s business in the Asia Pacific region. The combined business of Agoda plus Booking.com’s business for APAC destinations was approximately $780 million for the 12 months ended September 30, and the third quarter gross rate for that business was just shy of a 150%. Booking.com has also made substantial progress in South America. Gross bookings for South American destinations were $96 million for the trailing 12 months and the third quarter growth rate was in excess of 300%. Further, in both markets, our brands are building point of sale businesses which are comparable size and growing in impressive rates as well. For example, Booking.com’s point of sale business in South America for the same period was $265 million in gross bookings and growing at a 133% in Q3. When comparing these results to other online travel agents in the region, keep in mind these are only hotel reservations where others may have substantial lower margin airline ticket business in their gross bookings figures. In addition to geographic expansion, growth in hotel inventory and adding results from TravelJigsaw also helped to drive strong top line growth in the third quarter. Booking.com continues to build its supply platform worldwide with a hotel count of approximately 105,000 in 92 countries. Agoda continues to build its business in the Asian region and again reported triple digit year-over-year growth in gross bookings, contributing to the overall international and merchant growth we are reporting. The business has performed well following civil unrest in Thailand and is well positioned for its seasonally important fourth quarter. TravelJigsaw delivered solid in rental car unit sales in the quarter and the sharing of best practices and integration steps are proceeding well. priceline.com’s domestic gross bookings grew 12% in the third quarter, aided by strong hotel results and a turnaround in the OPAC rental car business. The US hotel business benefited from availability of promotional inventory and expansion of Booking.com inventory made available on priceline.com.  When this growth is combined with North American business booked directly on Booking.com which is a great side for domestic travelers to book international destinations, our North American business is one of the Group’s fastest growing core markets. Merchant gross bookings increased 41% as merchant hotel gross bookings both at Priceline and Agoda and the addition of merchant rental car bookings from TravelJigsaw offset year-over-year decreases in OPAC airline ticket sales, where reduced industry capacity continued to pressure inventory available for OPAC discounting. For the Group, consolidated operating margins improved during the quarter, due to advertising and operating expense efficiencies. The Priceline Group has sustained high levels of gross bookings growth for the first nine months of this year. We believe the scale of our international hotel network is allowing us to achieve high levels of growth in both core markets which benefit from our growing ability to tap worldwide demand, and in new markets we’re growing hotel inventories booked by both local and international travelers. Cyclical improvements in travel demand evidenced by growing ADRs has also helped.  Finally, but importantly, we believe hard work and execution by our teams in building supply and content, website innovation, distribution, and integration benefits have helped market leading growth. In summary, the business performed well in the third quarter and continuous to show solid demand in pricing trends. I would like to thank my colleagues around the world for their hard work and dedication. I will now turn the call over to Dan, for the detailed financial review.
Dan Finnegan:  Thanks Jeff. I will discuss some of the highlights and operating results and cash flows for the quarter, and then provide guidance for the fourth quarter of 2010. We were pleasantly surprised by our top line results in the quarter as room night growth accelerated after we reported our Q3 guidance in early August. Hotel room nights books grew by 54% in the third quarter versus last year as compared to the unit growth rate of 48% that we posted in the second quarter. The acceleration growth rate in Q3 is certainly somewhat attributable to the negative impact on gross bookings in Q2 caused by the eruption of the volcano in Iceland. We saw strong performance in our key European markets that was likely to some degree also helped by diminished concerns over sovereign debt issues. Our continual efforts to improve the user experience on our websites are also a contributing factor. Lastly, as Jeff highlighted, our newer markets like Asia Pacific and South America continue to grow as percentage of our business, and are therefore having a more pronounced impact on our total growth rate. These markets are growing both from a destination and point-of-sale perspective as we had new hotels and customers to our network. Average daily rates or ADRs were also favorable to our assumption for guidance. ADRs were up by about 4% for our international hotel service and by over 5% for our domestic hotel service for Q3 2010, compared to prior year third quarter. The strong performance from a unit growth and ADR perspective, drove total gross booking dollars to grow by 47% for Q3 compared to the prior year. FX rates for the third quarter were unfavorable to prior year rates, and therefore adversely impacted our gross bookings growth expressed in US dollars. The average exchange rates for the euro and the pound versus the dollar were down by 10% and 6% respectively in the third quarter of 2010 versus the third quarter of 2009. Our international gross bookings grew by 67% and by 78% on a local currency basis for Q3 2010 compared to the prior year Q3. The local currency growth rate of 78% compares favorably to the 67% local currency growth rate for Q2. TravelJigsaw, the UK-based merchant rental car reservation service we acquired in May 2010, contributed $85.8 million in gross bookings in Q3, which is its peak seasonal travel quarter. Rental car days booked were up by 97% versus third quarter 2009, including the impact of TravelJigsaw. Our US rental car service also had a good quarter, with a 23% increase in rental car days, helped by continued strong demand and better access to supply for all OPAC rates. Airline tickets booked were down by 5% in the quarter and average airfare is warming up as much we assumed when we gave guidance. As a result, domestic gross bookings growth of 12% was slightly below our guidance, but the impact on gross profit was negligible. In summary, room night growth in ADRs were favorable to the assumptions used for guidance, resulting an earnings performance that exceeded the top end of our range of guidance. Gross profit was $666 million and grew 54% as compared to prior year. Our international operations generated gross profit of $530 million and grew by 68% as compared to the prior year. Gross profit for our domestic business amounted $236 million which represented 16% growth versus prior year and acceleration compared to 14% growth posted in Q2. Total operating expenses were generally in line with guidance. Online advertising expense as a percentage of gross profit was favorable to the third quarter of 2009, and came in favorable to our guidance driven by an improved advertising efficiency. We recorded below the line expense in the quarter of about a $11.7 million, which is higher than the $10.5 million of expense we assumed in our guidance. The variance relates mainly to FX hedging losses. In summary, non-GAAP EBITDA for Q3 amounted to $363 million, which exceeded our guidance range of $327 million to $337 million and represents 61% growth versus prior year. EBITDA leverage or EBITDA expressed as a percentage of gross profit expanded by 260 basis points in the quarter versus prior year Q3. In terms of cash flow, we generated approximately $305 million of cash from operations during third quarter 2010, which represents a 57% increase versus prior year. We spent about $4 million on CapEx in the quarter. We issued $122 million of cash in the third quarter to settle conversions. This amount was comprised of $50 million of cash to repay debt principle and cash delivered of about $72 million and satisfaction of the conversion premium on the bonds. On a year-to-date basis through September 30th, the Group has generated almost $600 million in cash from operations and raised $575 million of cash from issuing convertible debt in March. We’ve put over $500 million of this cash to work during the year-to-date period. We used $108 million for acquisitions including the acquisition of TravelJigsaw. We bought back about a $126 million worth of our common stock and used $295 million to retire substantially all of our remaining convertible debt issued in prior years. This included about $100 million paid in cash rather than by issuing common stock to settle conversion premium in excess of principal value. As of September 30th, our cash and investments of $1.5 billion exceed our outstanding debt balance by about $900 million. We also have our $175 million revolving credit facility that is underarm and doesn’t expire until September 2012. We were pleased to receive an investment grade rating in October from Standard & Poor’s on our 2015 bonds. The rating reflects the company’s consistent track record of strong financial performance and a solid balance sheet with reasonable leverage and excellent liquidity. Now for fourth quarter 2010 guidance. Our forecast reflects the continued strong performance in hotel room nights booked that we have seen thus far through Q4 and also includes TravelJigsaw. Our forecast assumes that exchange rates remain at the same $1.40 per euro and $1.62 per British pound as Friday’s closing rates. At or near these levels, exchange rates will have an adverse impact on our year-over-year financial results expressed in US dollars. Specifically euro and pound average FX rates for the fourth quarter would be down by approximately 5% and 2% respectively as compared to the prior year. We have hedge contract in place to substantially shield our fourth quarter net earnings from any further deterioration in the euro or pound between now and the end of the quarter, but these hedges did not offset the impact of translation on our gross bookings, revenue and gross profit. I highlighted that the euro exchange rate we’re using is the basis for our Q4 guidance is stronger than the rate of $1.32 per euro that was in effect when most analysts issued their forecasts that are the basis for the consensus estimate for Q4. This move in exchange rates together with continued strength in the fundamental performance of the business result in guidance that exceeds analyst consensus forecast for Q4. We are forecasting total gross bookings to grow by 36% to 41% with domestic gross bookings growing by approximately 5% to 10%. This domestic forecast assumes flat gross bookings for air and double-digit growth for our hotel gross bookings. We expect international gross bookings expressed in US dollars to grow by 54% to 59% as compared to last year and to grow on a local currency basis by approximately 58% to 63%. Our fourth quarter guidance assumes that the rate of year-over-year increase for international and domestic hotel ADRs will improve further compared with the increases we experienced in Q3. We expect the Q4 revenue to grow year-over-year by approximately 31% to 36%, and gross profit dollars to grow by approximately 49% to 54%. For Q4 operating expenses, we are targeting consolidated advertising expenses of approximately $141 million to $146 million, with about $6 million of that amount being spent for off line advertising. Online advertising expense as a percentage of gross profit is assumed to be essentially in line with prior year Q4. We expect sales and marketing of between $29 million and $32 million. We expect personnel costs excluding stock-based compensation to come in between $60.5 million and $63.5 million. We expect G&A expenses of approximately $21 million to $24 million. We expect information technology costs of about $7 million and depreciation and amortization expense excluding acquisition amortization of about $5 million. We expect total below the line negative impact of approximately $6.5 million, which was comprised primarily of foreign exchange hedging loss, net interest expense, and the charge for non-GAAP net income allocated to non-controlling interests. We assume that losses will be incurred on our hedge contracts, since the FX rates assumed for guidance reflect a stronger euro in the rates that prevailed earlier in the quarter. Non-GAAP EBITDA is expected to range between $200 million to $210 million, which at the midpoint represents 54% growth versus prior year. We are targeting non-GAAP fully diluted EPS of approximately $2.91 to $3.06 per share, which at the midpoint represents 50% year-over-year. Our non-GAAP EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax of approximately $43.5 million, comprised of international income taxes and alternative minimum tax and state income taxes in the US. We have a sizeable NOL to reduce our cash tax liability. Our non-GAAP tax rate is increasing as compared to prior year due to more significant growth in international earnings as compared to domestic earnings. Our non-GAAP EPS guidance assumes fully diluted share count of 51.4 million shares based upon Friday’s closing stock price of $388.87. We expect TravelJigsaw to be very slightly accretive to non-GAAP EBITDA and EPS for Q4. Q3 is TravelJigsaw’s more significant quarter from a P&L perspective, as revenue was earned on completion of summer travel. As per expected GAAP results, we expect to report a GAAP EPS of $2.29 to $2.44 per share. The difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP results is driven by non-GAAP adjustments to exclude stock-based compensation, acquisition related amortization, including amortization related to the acquisition of TravelJigsaw, noncash interest expense for amortization of debt discount, noncash gains or losses related to early debt conversions, certain noncash income tax expenses, and to include the impact on net income attributable to non-controlling interest of certain of the aforementioned non-GAAP adjustments to arrive at non-GAAP earnings. We also intend to adjust non-GAAP results to exclude charges or benefits, if any, related to hotel occupancy tax judgments, rulings and settlements. As we have emphasized in recent quarterly earnings released, we believe it is highly likely that we will experience a sequential deceleration in quarterly year-on-year unit growth rate in the future due to the shear size of the business and progressively more difficult comps as economic conditions continue to gradually improve. Our Q4 guidance reflects the deceleration you have experienced thus far in the quarter and assumes that we will encounter further deceleration in growth rates as we perceive through the quarter. Our guidance assumes that macroeconomic conditions in general and conditions in the consumer travel market in particular remain relatively unchanged. I’ll now turn the call back over to Jeff, for some closing comments.
Jeff Boyd: Thanks Dan. We are pleased with our results for the third quarter and the current trajectory of our international hotel business, which continues to perform well in our core Western European and North American and continues to build business in new markets, both destination and point-of-sale. Rental car business is also performing well at priceline.com and TravelJigsaw. We will continue our investments in building our brands, geographic expansion, and innovation as a foundation for future growth. We will now take your questions.
Ingrid Chung – Goldman Sachs:  Thanks, good afternoon. I know that generally you don’t talk about CPC trends, but I was wondering if you could tell us what’s been driving your improving advertising efficiencies – is that – and if you could talk to the conversion rate trends too, that’d be very helpful? Thanks.
Jeff Boyd: Hi Ingrid. You’re right, we don’t talk about CPC trends mainly because we’re such a big player in a lot of the markets that it will be sensitive competitively to indicate if we were spending more or less. And we also don’t talk about what we’re seeing with conversion. It is an important feature that we work on trying to improve everyday. The one factor I guess that is out there that we’ve disclosed and you can see is that ADRs are improving, and so that certainly helps overall on ROIs.
Ingrid Chung – Goldman Sachs:  Okay. And just a follow-up, I was wondering if you could speak or you gave specific point-of-sale comparisons for – sorry, for Latin America. I was wondering if you could give the same stats for APAC.
Dan Finnegan:  I don’t have the same stat for you, Ingrid. But what I said in the remarks is that the point-of-sales businesses is a comparable size and growing in impressive rates. And when you think about the Asian business to the extent that includes business for Agoda, that’s it’s whole business which is point-of-sale Agoda business. Most of that is Asian but it’s the whole business.
Ingrid Chung – Goldman Sachs:  Okay, great. Thanks.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Imran Khan of JPMorgan.
Imran Khan – JPMorgan:  Yes, hi. Thank you so much for taking my questions. Two questions. One, you were trying to build up Booking.com business in the US, expanding coverage in the US. Could you give us some sense like where you stand in terms of developing Booking.com in the US? How should we think about the development and where we are in terms of building hotel coverage for Booking.com, and what kind of traction you’re seeing?  And, secondly, TravelJigsaw, I think Dan you talked about 85 million bookings for Q3. Could you give us some sense like what was the year-over-year growth rate for TravelJigsaw? Thank you.
Jeff Boyd: Okay. Imran, with respect to the Booking.com business in the United States, the status of the hotel acquisition is that great progress has been made. We’ve got significant resources dedicated to the task, but there is still a very large number of hotels to go. Keep in mind that we certainly worked to try to signup the most important hotels in the most popular destinations, particularly for European travelers first, so it’s not going to be the exact same return as more and more hotels are added. But Booking.com still has quite a ways to go to build out the kind of comprehensive inventory that is available on priceline.com. And, with respect to TravelJigsaw and gross bookings growth, we are not going to disclose the absolute growth rate, but we’re pleased with the growth that we’re seeing.
Imran Khan – JPMorgan:  Great, thanks, Jeff.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Herman Leung of Deutsche Bank.
Herman Leung – Deutsche Bank:  Okay, thanks. Just two quick questions. First is, I guess, on your ADR improvement in hotels overtime in the fourth quarter, your assumptions between international and domestic, should we kind of expect the same type of a ADR type improvements into the fourth quarter?  And then, the second question is, just wanted get an update on the tax credits on the Netherlands tax, if you can kind of talk about that, give us a quick update on how we should think about that, that would be great. Thanks.
Dan Finnegan:  Sure Herman. So we didn’t disclose specifically the ADR assumptions for Q4 other than say we do expect further improvement, and there has been a pretty steady trend of improvement there which is probably the best thing you could look back to. In terms of the tax credits in the Netherlands, we really don’t have a lot of additional information. We can give you compared to what we reported last quarter. We’re still in the process of negotiating and discussing with the tax authorities over there to what extent, if any, our earnings will qualify is being considered to be driven through innovation.  It’s certain that it won’t be a 100%, because obviously there are activities that we do that wouldn’t be considered innovative. But that said we consider that we believe that the business is extremely innovative and that’s what’s enabled them to perform so well in the market. So we’re hopeful that the results will be good, but we really don’t have any further information yet. We’re hoping that we will have a resolution by the end of the year, but it’s largely outside of our control. We’re waiting on the tax authorities to help us come to a final conclusion there.
Herman Leung – Deutsche Bank:  Yes, just to be clear on Netherlands, so it’s a portion of the R&D spend that you ‘re doing on the Netherlands side where you can actually apply tax credit to, is that the right way to think about it?
Jeff Boyd:  It’s really not an R&D tax credit in the way that people in the United States might be familiar with. It’s a provision of the law that says to the extent that you can demonstrate that the company’s earnings taxable income is derived from innovation that those earnings so drive will be taxed at a lower rate 5% versus the statutory rate, and so it’s really a question of determining to what extent your earnings are derived from innovation. And then there is a phase in period as well in terms of how long the full impact of that innovation is attributed to your earnings. And as Dan said, those discussions are ongoing.
Herman Leung – Deutsche Bank:  Got it. Thanks a lot.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Douglas Anmuth of Barclays Capital.
Douglas Anmuth – Barclays Capital:  Great. Thanks for taking the question. You talked a lot about the APAC strategy and also South America, but I was curious if you could talk about China, and in particular if you think you need a bigger presence there? And, then secondly, can you talk about what you can do to get the US business going again? And just how much is this a function of capacity issues versus increased competition or anything else that might be going on in the market? Thanks.
Jeff Boyd:  Okay. With respect to the Asia business, the numbers that we read out earlier include business in China. And while we don’t have a large presence in China, we have hotels that are participating from China, and we have Chinese consumers who book reservations on our website. That is a similar sort of organic strategy that Agoda and Booking.com have follow them in other markets and we are satisfied with the results of that effort so far, and hotel development efforts continue. With respect to the US business, we are very pleased with how our US business is performing. And when you think about the gross bookings growth rates, the principal difference between I think the business that we reported today and some of the results that you may heard from some of our competition is that our airline ticket business probably has not performed as well as perhaps some of our competition. 
 : 
Douglas Anmuth – Barclays Capital:  Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Ross Sandler of RBC Capital Markets.
Ross Sandler – RBC Capital Markets: Guys, just two quick questions. First, what impact – I know this is kind of a high-level hypothetical – but what impact would domestic airlines bypassing the GEA systems have on your domestic air business? And if we make the assumption that all carriers decide to what Americans is trying to do, how much operating expense would be required for you guys to connect directly? Thanks.
Jeff Boyd:  I think the – Ross, I’ll hit the impact first. We – as we look at the gross profit generated by our entire airline ticket business and that includes OPAC and retail, and the OPAC contributes a lot more gross profit dollars than the retail does. Because of the long sustained growth in our hotel business and our international business, that’s really become just a much, much smaller part of total gross profit dollars. And so the gist of the first question would that somehow be material to us in the financial sense as classically defined by the accounts? The answer to that is clearly no. Having said that, we have – we believe very good relationships with the airlines and we certainly have the ability to do innovating things in our connections with the airlines and I think we provide to the airlines the lowest cost distribution that they have out there. And I don’t believe that operating expenses required to continue to connect with them in ways that are acceptable to the airlines is going to have any significant impact on our CapEx or anything of that nature. There is an opportunity cost there because as the IT resources, we have dedicated to that product we’re working on things like back-office connections, they are not working on innovation that’s customer facing and could ultimately help drive the business to grow faster.
Operator:  Okay, thank you. Our next question comes from Justin Post of Bank of America.
Justin Post – Bank of America:  Thanks. A couple of things. Just – thanks for that extra disclosure on Asia. When you look at Asia versus Europe on a big picture, any thoughts on the relative market opportunity, one market versus the other? And then, a question on the concerns that people have had just on your hotel inventory. Do you think search engines could ever have a really comprehensive list of hotel inventory in Europe for consumers to search from or is that something that Priceline maybe has sustainable advantage? Thank you.
Jeff Boyd:  So with respect to Asia versus Europe, the market serve are very different, and each has their own unique characteristics that make them both very attractive. The European market is characterized, especially in Western Europe by a very large and relatively affluent middleclass that spends disposable income on travel. And as a result, that has allowed the businesses we operate in Europe to grow at high rates and become big in a reasonably short period of time.  In Asia, the population is huge, much bigger than Europe if you include China for sure. And their levels of general economic growth are much higher than the general macroeconomic growth in the European markets. So you have the benefit of growing economies and you also have the benefit of travel market that’s probably growing faster than it is in general in Europe or in North America.  I think the destinations are getting more travel from international travelers. And I think that Asian people are travelling more as they become affluent as they get jobs in cities. And in the case of China, as it becomes legally permissible to do so when you’re able to get a VISA – the destinations that are allowable for VISA is expanding for the Chinese, and I think that represents a pent-up market demand that overtime should be very bullish for people and travel industry in general. So those were all good things about the Asian market that are a little bit different from Europe.  The one thing that I will say about Asia, and this is true for South America as well that, you don’t yet have the emergence of the very, very large affluent middleclass, that’s a trend that will happen over many, many, years, but it’s not there right now. So while the numbers that we gave out earlier in this call are demonstrative of a very attractive business in those markets. I don’t think that they have the potential to grow as big as quickly as the European markets and North American markets did in online travel. But they do have at least in our estimation the capability of growing to be very large over a long period of time.
Justin Post – Bank of America:  Okay. And then on search engine threat, just on their ability to actually get inventory and offer a similar experience.
Jeff Boyd:  I think if you look at the search engines today, have access to all of the data that’s really available on not only the hotel direct sites, but all of the online travel sites. So that today, the search engines have the ability to show a consumer, almost every hotel in the world basically, that’s the nature of how they work.  So the question really is not whether the search engines are going to have access to those hotels, it’s really a question of how it’s displayed and what the model is for advertising. And I think it’s certainly possible overtime that the search engines could display more information, more content, and even try to display current pricing. And I think people on this call know that there is steps being taken by Google to experiment with that.  And so the question is what – how much content do they show and how do they display it and then how do they use it to support advertising revenues on their websites. And we certainly think that one of the predominant ways they’re doing it today and they’ll do in the foreseeable future is to take advertising from online travel agents and use the ability that we have to have superior conversion of that lead which allows us to pay an attractive price or it will represent an attractive model for the search engines for sometime to come.
Justin Post – Bank of America:  Right, thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Millman of Millman Research.
Michael Millman – Millman Associates:  Thank you. You mentioned at least your air ticket business was down, because you didn’t promote it. I was wondering what your sense of the business and the fact is of the leisure travel business assuming that’s a reasonable proxy? Could you also talk about the OPAC car rental business which you indicated was strong? To what extent is that strength continuing from September, October, November, or is it gone in the opposite direction?  And then, Avis is participating with a lot of airlines just recently announced, and was wondering to what extent that might reduce the demand for rental cars through Priceline and other OTAs?
Jeff Boyd:  So starting with the question about leisure travel from a macro sense, I don’t – I think that the – there has been a general reduction in the growth rates for airline tickets sold by online travel agents over the last couple of quarters, us included. And I think that is more representative of the fact that our competition is now fully anniversaried the benefits they got from cutting processing fees and the growth rates are stepping down a little bit or it’s requiring more investment to maintain higher growth rates.  I think that things like airline capacity which is still very – on a very sort of strict control in terms of growth, it has something to do with that, and high airline ticket prices, especially compared to last year also has an impact on leisure demand. I think all of those factors I just mentioned could be a reason why you’ve seen a little bit of pressure on airline ticket growth rates, but having said that, I still view and we still view that demand for leisure travel has been reasonably robust. And if you look at the results of our non-air businesses, they seem to be evidence of that.
Michael Millman – Millman Associates:  Is that in the US as well?
Jeff Boyd:  I beg your pardon.
Michael Millman – Millman Associates:  Is that in the US as well as the rest of the world?
Jeff Boyd:  Yes. With respect to OPAC rental card trends, we don’t give guidance – forward-looking guidance by product in that sense, but the rental car business both in the United States and internationally continues to perform well. And I don’t have a comment with respect to AVES and their programs with the airlines.
Michael Millman – Millman Associates:  Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question then comes from Mike Olson of Piper Jaffray.
Mike Olson – Piper Jaffray:  Thanks, good afternoon. A couple of quick questions. When you look at the out performance in the quarter, what geography would you say is most surprising for you? And is the outperformance that you saw in whatever that geography is because of the high-level of growth in that market or is it just because you’re taking share in that market or a combination?
Jeff Boyd:  We’ve enjoyed particularly with the international hotel business, a fairly high level of growth in our core markets. And I define those to be core Western European markets as well as North America.  And I think we’ve been pleasantly surprised at how those growth rates have held up and I think we believe that’s attributable to great work and execution by our teams on website improvements and conversion initiatives and that sort of hard work that helps keep the business robust as well as the integration initiatives like the sharing of inventory between Booking.com and Priceline.com.  And we also think it’s in part attributable to the fact that the point-of-sale demand that’s coming from outside those markets, that’s coming from the new markets is helping to hold up growth rates in the core markets, it’s really the network effect.
Mike Olson – Piper Jaffray:  Okay, thanks. And then, on the meta search sites, they’re definitely a channel for driving bookings to you and you could also argue that they facilitate direct bookings to a greater extent by aggregating pricing from OTAs and directs site side by side. How do you think about that?
Jeff Boyd:  I think that historically, the meta search sites have derived at least to the degree that we can ascertain it, more variant income from selling advertising to online travel agents than they have some suppliers. I think the suppliers have a mixed feelings about empowering that channel in that fashion. I think they have a mixed commitment of resources to try and put their best content forward on meta search sites, and I think they have mixed policies about to what degree that they’re willing to pay. The second thing is, it’s still – we believe is the case that for any given lead that’s generated on a meta search side, has got a better chance on converting at an online travel agent that has a full selection of hotels, great content, things like user reviews that really aren’t available on supplier websites and customers like shopping and booking on the online travel sites. And I think all those factors would support a continued significant flow of leads to the online travel sites. 
 : 
Mike Olson – Piper Jaffray: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sandeep Aggarwal of Caris & Company.
Sandeep Aggarwal – Caris & Company:  Thanks for taking my questions. I have two questions, please. One is, in your guidance for Q4 2010, what kind of airlines pricing trends are you assuming? Do you think the higher than expected price increase or airlines can actually limit hotel demand? And then, we are curious to know what is Priceline’s current view on acquisition of ITA by Google?
Jeff Boyd:  Dan, why don’t you take the first one?
Dan Finnegan:  So Sandeep as far as our Q4 guidance goes, what I said is, we were assuming that air gross bookings will be flat year-over-year. We don’t give details regarding units and pricing, but that’s the sum product of our assumptions.
Jeff Boyd:  And with respect to the ITA acquisition, the company’s view on that has not changed since it was announced. We can see some potential benefits to the OTA industry if Google stated intent of using that kind of functionality to deliver the more qualified lead to the OTA is how they operate the business overtime. We’ve also expressed some potential concerns about the acquisition. The Priceline Group has not been vocal in our position to the extent that Expedia and some of the others, there’s an alliance out there, we’re not a part of that alliance, but we’ve made our concerns known.
Sandeep Aggarwal – Caris & Company:  Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Bill Lennan of Monness Crespi.
Bill Lennan – Monness Crespi:  Thank you. I have two – on Western Europe and occupancy rates, really as European occupancy rates start keeping march towards historic peak levels, are you seeing any evidence or do you have any concerns of hotels will increasingly be able to take back share of their own inventory with respect to how it’s sold?  The second question is again on Western Europe. Anecdotally we look at Booking.com hotel counts versus the competition and it seems to be – there seems to be a modest growth over the last couple of months. Are you where you want to be in Western Europe with respect to number of hotels signed and therefore growth comes from taking more inventory, or should we expect Western European hotel counts, particularly in the big cities, Rome, Paris, London to keep increasing?
Jeff Boyd:  So with respect to occupancy rates, there is no question that as the occupancy rates go up, especially for peak travel periods, the challenge becomes more one of getting availability to make sure that your site has availability for the last available room at the hotel. And I think our teams around the world do a very good job of that. I’ve said before, typically as business improves, the hotels continue to try to maximize the scope of their distribution so they can raise rates as aggressively as possible. And we think we have very cost effective distribution and we want to have rooms available if there are any rooms available, and I think we do a pretty good job of that. With respect to hotel counts, our – Booking.com and Agoda continue to aggressively signup new hotels. I think for both businesses, a lot of those hotels are in new markets, and so it you are looking at the balance of hotels that are being brought online, you might see more coming on in Asia than in the more well established capital cities in European destinations, where you’re getting closer to having most of the hotels that typically would be bookable, although there is always opportunities to increase your inventory in markets that are fairly penetrated. But the company is certainly is intending to continue to aggressively signup hotels, you just see – you may see the balance more in the new markets.
Bill Lennan – Monness Crespi:  Okay, thank you very much.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney of Citi.
Mark Mahaney – Citi:  Great. A comment and a question. First about Mylod, congratulations. And then, secondly, the question has to do with M&A activity going forwards. Given what you’ve been able to so far succeed with TravelJigsaw, does that change your thinking about adding in, layering in new products to your international options or offerings going forward? Thanks a lot.
Jeff Boyd:  Mark, I think we’re very happy with the TravelJigsaw acquisition that’s off to a great start. We think that the rental car business internationally is a very attractive business. Would we potentially be more interested in doing something that was outside the hotel and the car hire space like air and packages. I think the airline ticket business in Europe is a challenging for online travel agents and we continue to think that. I would never say never on something like that. But we think that the rental car business is much more attractive.
Operator: There appear to be no questions in queue. Gentlemen, do you have any closing remarks?
Jeff Boyd:  Thank you very much for participating in our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your program. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-17 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Boyd - Chief Executive Officer Dan Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer Matt Tynan - Senior Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Aaron Kessler - Kaufman Bros. Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets Justin Post - Bank of America Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray Imran Khan - JP Morgan Sandeep Aggarwal - Collins Stewart Michael Millman - Millman Associates Ron Josey - Barclays Capital James Cakmak - Sidoti & Co. Scott Kessler - Standard & Poor’s
Operator: Welcome to Priceline’s fourth quarter 2009 conference call. Priceline would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements.  For a list of factors that could cause Priceline’s actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of Priceline’s earnings press release, as well as Priceline’s most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Priceline undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Priceline’s earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the Investor Relations section of Priceline’s website located at www.priceline.com. Now I’d like to introduce Priceline’s speakers for this afternoon, Jeff Boyd, Dan Finnegan, and Matt Tynan. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Jeff Boyd: Thank you very much, and welcome to Priceline’s fourth quarter conference call. I’m here with Priceline’s, CFO, Dan Finnegan; and Matt Tynan, Senior Vice President of Finance. I will make some opening remarks, Dan will give a detail financial review and then I will sum up. After the prepared portion we will take questions.  Priceline reported consolidated gross bookings for the fourth quarter of approximately $2.3 billion, up 53% year-over-year. Pro forma net income was $102 million or $1.99 per share up $0.54 versus the prior year. Fourth quarter results surpassed First Call consensus estimates of $1.68 per share and our guidance for the quarter. Top line growth for the International businesses accelerated as we compared to weak results in last years fourth quarter due to the global recession. For the full year Priceline reported gross booking of $9.3 billion up 26% from 2008 and pro forma net income per share of $8.52 and 43% increased over 2008. Growth rates for international business increased during the quarter with 70% gross bookings growth on a local currency basis. Growth rates benefited from weak comps and stabilizing ADR trends and calculation trends. International gross bookings benefited from growth in new markets, growth in hotel supply and results from Agoda. Booking.com’s, worldwide hotel supply platform is now approximately 78,000 hotels in 76 countries. During 2009, we made substantial investments and distribution in our online channels, while maintaining reasonable efficiencies. Agoda also reported improving growth rates resulting in an improved merchant growth rates on a consolidated basis. We have also continued to work on sharing supply, customers and best practices among our brand around the world. For example, Booking.com supply has been the primary source of European hotels for Priceline.com customers for sometime and we recently began to test showing Booking.com North American hotels to Priceline.com customers as well. Priceline’s domestic gross bookings grew 21% in the fourth quarter due primarily to growth in sales of opaque and retail hotel room night reservations, retail airline tickets and vacation packages. Domestic merchant gross bookings, which include opaque services and retail merchant hotels continued to growth at attractive rate despite year-over-year declines in opaque airline tickets and rental car days tied primarily to decline in capacity. Opaque in retail hotel room night reservations growth continue to impressive rates as our hotels partners continue to use promotional pricing to drive demand in retail channels and use our opaque services to bolster occupancy. In summary, the business performed well in the fourth quarter and I comment my colleagues around the world for their focus and execution. I will now turn the call over to Dan, for the detail financial review.
Dan Finnegan: Thanks, Jeff. I’ll discuss some of the highlights in operating results and cash flows for the quarter and then provide guidance for the first quarter of 2010. As we highlighted, when we announced our third quarter results, latter half of 2008 was significantly impacted by weakening global economic conditions and as a result, our comps were easier for the latter half of 2009.  These easier comps helped us deliver sequential increases in our quarterly growth rates in gross booking dollars and hotel room nights for each of the second, third and fourth quarter of 2009 as compared to the prior year. The easier comp for fourth quarter 2009 resulted in strong unit growth rates, favorable FX impact and more moderated ADR decreases versus earlier periods of 2009. During our Q3 earnings call, we highlighted our assumption that the latter half of Q4 2009 would be more challenging since we have seen the market improvement in our business fundamentals during the latter half of Q4 2008, which therefore result in a tougher comp. Our performance in a latter half of 2009 exceeded our assumption particularly by outstanding performance for international business. Hotel room nights booked grew by 60% in the fourth quarter versus last year. Gross booking dollars grew by 53% for the fourth quarter, after applying the negative impact of lower average prices and the favorable impact of currency exchange rates. ADRs for our international hotel service were down by about 1% versus Q4 2008, and were down by about 7% for our domestic hotel service. Although still a headwind, the ADR trends have improved from the decreases that were posted earlier in 2009. FX rates were basically inline with the assumption used for guidance. However, when comparing our results to the prior year, FX rates provided a favorable impact for the first time since Q3 2008. The average exchange rates for the euro and the pound versus the dollar were up by 12% and 4% respectively, in fourth quarter of 2009 versus fourth quarter of 2008. In summary, room night growth and ADRs were favorable to the assumptions used for guidance, resulting in performance that exceeded the top end of our range of guidance and all key operating metrics from gross bookings to EPS. Gross profit was $313 million and grew 53% as compared to prior year. Our domestic business generated gross profit of $91 million, which represented 16% growth versus prior year. Gross profit for our international operations amounted to $222 million, and grew by 75% as compared to the prior year. Total operating expenses were favorable to guidance as expenses for personnel, G&A and sales and marketing came in below our estimates. The variances for personnel and G&A relate mainly to the timing of hiring for our international business. The variance in sales and marketing is the result of lower than assumed bad debt expense driven by continued improvement in collection results for Booking.com. On a year-over-year basis, we increased pro forma operating expenses by 32%, as we continued to invest in marketing, people and new offices to support the growth of our business. We recorded, below the line expenses in the quarter of about $2.5 million, which is inline with our guidance. In summary, pro forma EBITDA for Q4 have amounted $133 million, which exceeded our forecast of $98 million to $108 million and represents 75% growth versus prior year. In terms of cash flow, we generated approximately $146 million of cash from operations during fourth quarter of 2009, which represents an 82% increase versus prior year. We spent about $5 million on CapEx on the quarter, and repaid $75 million of convertible debt principal, bringing us to an outstanding debt balance of $196 million at year end. This leaves us at quarter end with cash and marketable securities of about $604 million in excess of our outstanding debt balance.  We also have our $175 million revolving credit facility that is un-drawn and doesn’t expire until September 2012. We received conversion notices during first quarter of 2010 from an additional $98 million of principle amount of convertible debt. After processing these conversions in the first quarter of 2010, we will be left with outstanding convertible debt of about $98 million.  As we’ve highlighted in the past, our fully diluted share count, particularly as it relates to equivalent shares outstanding for our convertible debt, hence the very based on our average stock price. We include equivalent shares in our fully diluted share count for the theoretical number of shares that would be issued for our outstanding convertible notes were actually converted. Since our average stock price was substantially higher in the fourth quarter of 2009 in the same period in 2008, our diluted share count is also higher in Q4, 2009 versus prior year. For first quarter 2010 guidance, we are forecasting total gross bookings to grow by 42% to 48%, with domestic gross bookings growing by approximately 10% to 15%. We expect international gross bookings expressed in US dollars to grow by 65% to 73% as compared to last year, and to grow on a local currency basis by approximately 56% to 64%. We expect our bookings growth rate versus prior year to continue to be hampered by decreases in ADRs. Our first quarter guidance is based on assumptions that the rate of decline in our ADRs will be flat to slightly improve versus the rates of decline that we saw in Q4.  Our forecast assumes that exchange rates remain that the same $1.38 per euro and $1.58 per British Pound as yesterday’s closing rates. This would yield euro and pound average FX rates for the first quarter, that are up by approximately 7% and 11% respectively, as compared to the prior year. We have hedge contracts in place to substantially shield our first quarter net earnings from any deterioration in the euro or pound between now and the end of the quarter, but these hedges to not offset the impact of translation on our gross bookings, revenue and gross profit.  We expect Q4 revenue to grow year-over-year by approximately 23% to 27% and gross profit dollars to grow by approximately 50%. For Q1 operating expenses, we are targeting consolidated advertising expenses of approximately $118 million to $121 million with approximately 90% of that amount being spent for online advertising. We expect sales and marketing expense of between $22 million and $25 million. We expect personal costs excluding stock based compensation to come in between $38 million to $40 million. We expect G&A expenses of approximately $16 million to $18 million. We expect information technology cost of approximately $6 million and depreciation and amortization expense, excluding acquisition amortization of approximately $4.5 million. We expect total below the line negative impacts of approximately $0.5 million, which is comprised primarily a foreign exchange hedging expense and net interest expense. Pro forma EBITDA is expected to range between $97 million and $107 million and we are targeting pro forma fully diluted EPS of approximately $1.54 to $1.64 per share, which represents 46% growth year-over-year at the midpoint. Our pro forma EPS forecast, includes an estimated cash income tax of approximately $17 million to $20 million, comprise of international income taxes and alternative minimum tax in the U.S. Our pro forma EPS guidance is based upon a pro forma diluted share count of approximately 51 million shares, which is based on the yesterday’s closing stock price of $211.21 per share. This is significantly higher than our share count of 47.2 million shares in Q1, 2009, due to year-over-year increase in our primary outstanding share count resulting mainly from shares issued due to debt conversions over the past year and also due to the impact of higher share prices on fully diluted shares related to our convertible notes. As a result of those early conversions, the difference between primary and fully diluted share count has been narrowing. Given the reduction in our outstanding convertible debt balance I just discussed, our fully diluted share count will be less impacted by changes in our stock price going forward. As for expected GAAP results, we expect to report a GAAP EPS of $1.4 to $1.14 per share. The difference between our GAAP and pro forma results is driven by pro forma adjustments to exclude stock-based compensation, acquisition related amortization, non-cash interest expense for amortization of debt discount, non-cash gains or losses related to debt conversions and certain income tax expenses, all of which are non-cash in nature to drive a pro forma earnings. We also intent to address pro forma results to exclude charges or benefits if any related to hotel occupancy tax judgments, rulings or settlements. Although, we are not providing guidance beyond Q1 2010, I would like to highlight that the strong results and sequential unit growth we have achieved for the past several quarters is to some extent driven by relatively easy comps caused by the impact of the global recession on the prior year periods. We believe that our comps become progressively more challenging throughout each quarter of 2010. We have seen deceleration in unit growth rates thus far in Q1 2010 as compared to Q4, both domestically and internationally and this deceleration is factored into the guidance we just gave. More difficult comps in tandem with the share size of the business make it highly likely that we will return to a pattern of decelerating unit growth rates. Our guidance assumes that macro economic conditions in general and conditions in the consumer travel market in particular remain relatively unchanged. I’ll now turn the call back over to Jeff for some closing comments.
Jeff Boyd: Thanks, Dan. We are pleased with the performance of our global business in 2009. Despite a very difficult economic and competitive environment we were able to make significant investments in building our business, while delivering earnings growth to our shareholders. Moreover, growth rates improved during the year as we began to comp against weak year ago results. We entered 2010 with more stability in unit pricing, but with continued volatility and foreign currency exchange rates. Economic growth has returned in many regions, but unemployment remains high and ballooning government deficits threaten to destabilize currencies and rekindle inflation. We believe our growth rates in those of our industry will decelerate as the year proceeds and we began to compare against improved 2009 results particularly in the second half. Our competition will also anniversary the conversion benefit of last year’s fee cuts and the earnings benefit associated with cuts to their market spends as the year proceeds. We believe our businesses are well positioned continue building our brands and offerings and to compete effectively in our global markets. We will now take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Aaron Kessler - Kaufman Bros.
Aaron Kessler - Kaufman Bros.: A couple of questions on advertising cost continued to see good leverage within online advertising segment. Are you still seeing more direct traffic on your Booking.com property as similar to Q3, and also do you continue to see a trend of maybe European hotels slightly maybe just on travel agency?
Jeff Boyd: Yes, on the first question we continued to see good levels of direct traffic to all of our websites around the [world], a very important part of our task to try to build our brands and promote that direct traffic.  With respect to hotels working with just one online agency, that’s something that we necessarily have promoted or seen as a trend and again I think especially when economic conditions still remain relatively weaken and occupancy rates are very much below their historical highs that hotels will tend to work with multiple distribution channels.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets.
Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets: Just two quick questions, the domestic bookings guidance assume delivered of a deceleration, more so you’ve been experiencing of late, is that just conservative or is there anything its kind of onetime-ish going on that is driving that deceleration?  And then, on the marketing guidance for 1Q, it assumes a pretty large step up from the 4Q run rate. Can you help us better understand where that incremental spend is going and is that a sustainable up-ticker or is that just some front end loading of the marketing in the first half? Thanks. 
Jeff Boyd:  From the perspective of the net domestic bookings guidance, I think that ranges is straight down the middle, it represents I think the kind of deceleration that you would expect to see given the size of the business and given the industry growth rates and at least what the one competitor who as reported as been saying. I think, that there’s now one-timer there, and I mentioned that growth rates are expected to decelerate going into the year and so to me that saw fairly consistent.  With respect to the marketing spend; the step-up is essentially seasonal in nature. The business is tend to spend particularly in online channels in advance of the major booking up-ticks that you see in the spring and in the summer, so that’s really more seasonal than anything else.
Dan Finnegan:  On a year-over-year basis, Ross the total advertising spend is pretty much inline with prior years as a percentage of gross profit.
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Post - Bank of America.
Justin Post - Bank of America: Jeff, it looks you have a growing and accelerating need in Europe right now based on your bookings numbers. Are you thinking about any kind of investments as far as marketing or loyalty points to help kind of lock that in longer term; and then secondly, are you seeing any volatility in Southern Europe relates to some of the financial crisis issued? Tank you. 
Jeff Boyd:  With respect to loyalty programs as I mentioned earlier, our first task is to improve our product and our offerings and our functionality on the website to encourage people to comeback and hopefully comeback to us directly. We don’t have any intention of starting a loyalty euro points program or anything of that nature in Europe, although our GoTo.com does have a loyalty program in Asia. So with respect to the recent volatility in currencies in Europe, I think that’s really more reflective of a concern as to what would happen in the future, if there was a sovereign default by Greece or disruption of that nature. It’s not something that we at least have seen reflected in the numbers we’ve seen to-date in terms of the business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs.
Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs: Good afternoon. We believe that you’re the low cost operator in Europe. How do you think about Booking.com’s fees structure currently and have you seen any competitors pricing as aggressively to try to win share?
Jeff Boyd: I think what’s happen in the last year is the hotels have gotten less focused on margin and more focused on getting people into the hotel. Going back three or four years ago, margin and distribution cost was much more of a concern for the hotels, because they had a high levels of occupancy and yields were growing up, but in the current environment that really hasn’t been front burner issue. On the other hand, we have seen at least [Expedia] buying underwriting going out with an agency model that presumably could have some distribution cost efficiencies for some hotels, so that maybe an example of trying to compete on the distribution cost side.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mark Mahaney - Citigroup.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: Jeff, I think you referred to Agoda’s having improving growth rates and just to be specific, are you referring to Q4 year-over-year gross bookings growth rates for Agoda faster than what you’ve had in the prior quarter?  Could you also just comment upon how you think of the risk related to your access to hotel inventory with the eventual resurgence in corporate travel both in U.S. and in Europe?
Jeff Boyd: Mark, you’re right. That is what I said, that gross booking growth rates improved for Agoda and I was referring to sequential improvement in their growth rates. With respect to inventory concerns and we’ve all said this a number of times, I think our business hasn’t performed pretty well in times of high occupancy and increasing yields and in fact, increasing yields is a tailwind for gross bookings.  Having said that, there’s no question that promotional pricing helped to spur leisure travel last year, not just for us but for others in the space, and that absence of promotional pricing could have an impact on fundamental demand.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray.
Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray: Within Agoda, can you talk about what countries you’re seeing the more strengthen? Then second, would you be willing to share your thinking on how travel meta search sites Kayak impact OTAs and does this trend change your strategy at all as far as how you’ll drive direct traffic? Thanks.
Jeff Boyd: I guess with respect to Agoda, we’ve consistently seen their business do well in Asian countries outside of China and India in particular, that’s been their focus. Thailand is a big market for Agoda. With respect to meta-search, I think all we can say at this point in time is that for the hotel business, which is our principal business, meta-search is a growing, but still a very, very small player in this space. You have seen some portals like a Bing on MSN start to look at that meta-search is away to try to address specific traffic searching for hotels and airline tickets. We participate in those channels and we participate in other meta-search channels, and we’re advertises on them; and our expectation is that those channels grow in their significance that we will continue to participate. I can’t think of a reason why we should lose share to other competitors in that kind of an environment versus the environment we’re operating in today.
Operator: Your next question comes from Imran Khan - JP Morgan.
Imran Khan - JP Morgan: Two questions, one on the airline ticket side, it seems like unit growth rate decelerated from 30% to 16% and since like the sequential drop was bigger than what we had last two years, trying to better understands that. And secondly, in terms of as the hotel’s occupancy increases or the corporate travel picks up. How aggressively do you think the international small hotels will compete for the Q1 pricing? How should we think about advertising cost as a percentage of your gross percentage dollar? Thank you.
Jeff Boyd: Okay we are not doing a good job of one question a person, but no problem Imran. Dan, why don’t you take the first one and I’ll do the second.
Dan Finnegan: So Imran, airline ticket sales have decelerated from Q3 to Q4, I think that’s reflective of pretty weak overall travel environment out there for airline tickets and then we’re probably seeing some impact also of the fee cuts by our competitors, which maybe causing our growth to decelerate, but it’s still strong performance in an overall environment, with airline ticket sales were pretty soft.
Jeff Boyd: I would add in there, I also mentioned in my prepared remarks that opaque tickets were actually down year-over-year. So that obviously is a headwind in terms of overall ticket growth. With respect to international hotels getting more aggressive in competing for key words, I would expect overtime that hotels will get more involved and trying to directly market there properties over the internet. That some certainly that’s happened in the United States and I would expect that to happen elsewhere.  But for small independent hotels that make up the majority of the international markets in which we do business, they just don’t have the resources and the expertise to aggressively market on a lot of different channels, very hot for them to get distribution through affiliates, it’s very hard for them to do search marketing in multiple languages. So I think there’s a very significant limit to how aggressive they can be and trying to market directly in online channels.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sandeep Aggarwal - Collins Stewart. 
Sandeep Aggarwal - Collins Stewart: Jeff actually two question, one is how do you comparing contras Booking.com’s results in Priceline.com maybe in terms of click through rate conversion or percentage of gross bookings in U.S. and secondly I will be curious to know about your views on private sale business, this is a new trend we are seeing in many of these private sale businesses are offering travel review services?
Jeff Boyd: Well, with respect to the first question, we really don’t get into disclosing details about things like click through rates for any of our business or how one compares to the other because just too competitive sensitive. With respect to the private sale businesses, we’re certainly aware that numbers of businesses are out there now with limited time private sales. I think that those businesses are, they have good companies and they have good business, but they really in a different space than we are in and its very hart to scale a business when you’ve got a limited time sale on four or five hotels even if you sold every hotel, and each of those hotels that wouldn’t represent sizable business compared to the size of online travel agents, the size of advertising businesses you see on trip advisor and some of the other site.  So I think there will be good business, but they’re probably be relatively smaller in size compared to businesses that we’re operating here.
Dan Finnegan:  You can probably say, Sandeep also that we somehow participate in that market through our Name Your Own Price business, so we’ve got private sales going on, may be not private but we’ve got sales going on everyday.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Millman - Millman Associates.
Michael Millman - Millman Associates: Could you tell us, in Europe what’s your ADRs are in a same-store basis or was there changes on same-store basis? Also how the ADRs of the new hotel connections compare with the existing model that you have?
Dan Finnegan: What we said for ADRs, Michael was that for Q4 we saw a decrease year-on-year of about 1%, and for our Q1, we’re projecting that rate of decline will stay flat or maybe improve slightly. We don’t give an actual ADR rate, but given the size and breath of the Booking.com business, it’s pretty represented of what you’d see out there in the hotel market for Europe.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ron Josey - Barclays Capital.
Ron Josey - Barclays Capital: Another questions similar on ADRs, but on 1Q guidance I believe the underwriting assumption is some stability in ADRs for continued improvement, but still year-over-year decreases with 1Q to be flat that slightly improved sequentially?  So I guess my question is, what do you believe will be needed for ADRs to term positive in 2010 given these improving trends in international ADRs just mentioned, the decrease just 1% domestic improved sequentially, but still down 7%?
Jeff Boyd: Well, I guess to get back into the black, we’re pretty close on the international business down 1% and projecting flat to slight improvement. On the domestic side, we probably go to need to see a rebound in corporate travel, just demand in general to help drive those ADRs positive.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Cakmak - Sidoti & Co.
James Cakmak - Sidoti & Co.: You mentioned you were seeing some deceleration in unit growth rates in the first quarter. Is that something that’s been steady rate-of-decline in the quarter, or has it been slightly accelerating throughout first quarter?
Jeff Boyd: I don’t think we want to get into a new lost description of how the rate of deceleration intra-quarter is occurring.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Kessler - Standard & Poor’s.
Scott Kessler - Standard & Poor’s: I will just ask one question. I’m wondering in light of what I would characterize is somewhat limited to stock purchase activity over the last couple of years, $17 million in ‘09 and $4.5 million in the prior year. I’m wondering how you’re thinking about your excess cash position at this point, if buyback should be something that you’re going to be more involved in, or maybe you could just give us a general sense of how you’re thinking about cash in general?
Jeff Boyd: Our outlook and approach on that has been fairly consistent in the sense that we remain potential purchasers of our stock. We’ve been opportunistic about it in the past and we have repurchased stock in size when we did our last couple of conversion and you’re right, that was a while ago, but that remains an alternative for using our cash balances.  We also have been active over the years in the M&A market and continue to evaluate those opportunities and that’s another potential use of cash.
Dan Finnegan: Lastly, we’ve used cash over the last year and we’re using some in this year to repay our debt.
Operator: Your final question comes from Justin Post - Bank of America.
Justin Post - Bank of America: Just wondering about your taxes, it looks like your deficit is now down to $450 million range. What could that happen if you use that your deficits, what could that change your tax rate? Any long term changes there? Thank you.
Dan Finnegan: Justin, I guess by deficit you mean our NOL?
Justin Post - Bank of America: Yes, it looks like you cumulative deficit on the balance sheet or your NOL either…?
Jeff Boyd: Deferred tax asset
Dan Finnegan: While the cumulative deficit on the balance sheet is retained earnings, but our asset that we’ve classified on the balance sheet or our NOL, represents the amount that we’ve given recognition. There’s another amount that we have not yet booked, we wouldn’t booking until if and when we’re using, but the amount that we have out there is still pretty sizeable. It’s a $1.4 billion, total NOL that we have available for us. So that’s going to continue to shield our income here in the U.S. from having tax liability for the foreseeable future.
Operator: Thank you and gentlemen are there any closing remarks.
Jeff Boyd: No. Thank you all for participating in the call.
Operator: This does conclude Priceline.com fourth quarter 2009 conference call. At this time you may disconnect. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-11-09 16:30:00) =====
Executives:  Jeffery H. Boyd - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Robert J. Mylod Jr. - Vice Chairman of the Board, Head - Worldwide Strategy and Planning
Analysts: James Cakmak - Sidoti & Co. Scott Barry - Credit Suisse Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs Justin Post - Merrill Lynch Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray Doug Anmuth - Barclays Capital
Operator:  Welcome to Priceline's third quarter 2009 conference call.  Priceline would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements.  Expressions of future goals and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Priceline's actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the safe harbor statements at the end of Priceline's earnings press release as well as Priceline's most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Priceline undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  A copy of Priceline's earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the Investor Relations section of Priceline's website located at www.Priceline.com.  And now I'd like to introduce Priceline's speakers for this afternoon - Jeff Boyd and Bob Mylod. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Thank you very much, and welcome to Priceline's third quarter conference call. I'm here with Priceline's Vice Chairman, Bob Mylod. Our CFO, Dan Finnegan, is unable to be on today's call because of a family commitment so Bob will fill in for him today and give the financial review after my opening remarks, then I will sum up. After the prepared portion, we will take questions. Priceline reported consolidated gross bookings for the third quarter of approximately $2.7 billion, up 33% year-over-year. Pro forma net income was $173 million or $3.45 per share versus $2.39 the prior year. Third quarter results surpassed First Call consensus estimates of $2.90 per share and our guidance for the quarter.  Worldwide hotel room night reservations were $17.9 million for the quarter, up 56% year-over-year. While the global economic environment remains challenging, we were pleased to see accelerating growth in hotel unit sales, which allowed us to overcome the continued impact of negative year-over-year pricing and currency trends. Our international business gained momentum in the quarter with 49% gross bookings growth on a local currency basis. Year-over-year comparisons improved in part because of steadily deteriorating economic conditions that we witnessed in the second half of last year's third quarter. Higher unit sales were tempered by continued weakness in hotel ADRs. International unit growth benefited from geographic expansion, growth in hotel supply and growth in new markets. Booking.com's worldwide hotel count now exceeds 73,000 hotels in over 70 countries. Our goal has been to invest in building the business while maintaining operating leverage. While our competition has significantly reduced marketing spend, we have increased our spend in online channels and were able to drive demand growth with reasonable efficiency despite lower unit prices.  Agoda also reported improved growth in excess of 100%, which contributed to the sequential improvement in worldwide merchant gross bookings growth from 22% to 33%. Agoda's growth rates reflect weakness in the prior period due to economic conditions and civil unrest in Thailand, and there are also signs of economic improvement in Asian markets. Priceline's domestic gross bookings grew 25% in the third quarter, with accelerating growth in hotel unit sales and retail airline tickets offset by year-over-year decreases in ADRs and airfares. Domestic merchant gross bookings, which include opaque services and retail merchant hotels, continued to show strong growth despite a decline in our air opaque business.  We believe that overall industry growth rates improved in the third quarter due to weakening economic conditions in the third quarter of 2008, a lift in volumes tied to widespread booking fee reductions, which seemed to benefit our retail ticket business, and pervasive discounting and promotions to spur elastic leisure travel demand. In this environment we have strived to play a leadership role in delivering much-needed demand to our supplier partners and compelling value to our customers.  In summary, despite competitive and economic challenges the business performed above our expectations in the third quarter, and I thank my colleagues around the world for their hard work and dedication.  I will now turn the call over to Bob for the detailed financial review.
Robert J. Mylod Jr.: Thanks, Jeff. I'll be discussing some of the highlights and operating results and cash flows for the quarter, and then I'll provide guidance for the fourth quarter.  We experienced strong booking growth rates in the third quarter versus prior year, enabling us to grow pro forma EBITDA and further expand operating leverage while continuing to increase advertising support for our brands. Our growth rates for gross booking dollars and hotel room nights accelerated sequentially for both the second and third quarters. Hotel room nights booked grew by 56% in the third quarter versus last year, and this compares to 44% growth in hotel room nights for the second quarter.  You may recall that when we announced our third quarter results last year we discussed our view that our business had experienced a meaningful slowdown in momentum during the last half of the quarter due to the impact of the recession. As we comped against this same period this year it became clear that last year's results were indeed constrained and therefore our comps were even easier than we thought at the time we gave guidance. When I get to guidance you will see that we expect this same comps dynamic to exist for much of the fourth quarter. As you know, our gross bookings are heavily influenced by the average daily rates or ADRs of our hotel room service, which are driven more by general industry trends and conditions. In the third quarter our international hotel service ADRs were down by about 7% versus Q3 2008 and were down by about 11% for our domestic hotel service.  FX rates were favorable to the $1.42 per euro and unfavorable to the $1.67 per British pound that prevailed when we gave our guidance in August. And since a significant portion of our international results are denominated in euros, FX was a net favorable factor for the quarter as compared to guidance; however, when comparing our results to the prior year, FX rates continued to have an adverse impact. The average exchange rates for the euro and the pound versus the dollar were down 5% and 14%, respectively, in the third quarter of 2009 versus the third quarter of 2008.  Gross profit was $434 million and grew 37% as compared to prior year. Our domestic business generated gross profit of $118 million, which represented 26% growth versus the prior year. Gross profit for our international operations amounted to $316 million and grew by 42% as compared to the prior year.  Total operating expenses were generally in line with our guidance. On a year-over-year basis, we increased pro forma operating expenses by 24% as we continue to invest in marketing, people and new offices to support the growth of our business.  We recorded below-the-line expenses in the quarter of about $1.8 million, which is in line with our guidance.  In summary, pro forma EBITDA for Q3 amounted to $225 million, which exceeded our forecast of between $178 and $188 million and represents 47% growth versus prior year. I'd like to highlight two pro forma adjustments we recorded in the third quarter. First, as you have seen in our recently filed 8-K, our October 30, 2009 Priceline received a jury verdict in a class action suit brought by the City of San Antonio on behalf of itself and a class of 172 Texas municipalities against Priceline and other online travel companies. The company recorded a charge in general and administrative expenses in the amount of $3.7 million related to this judgment in the third quarter. We have excluded this charge from pro forma earnings as the timing and amount of this type of charge are unpredictable, not driven by the core operating results of our business and render comparisons to prior periods and guidance less meaningful.  The second pro forma adjustment I'd like to discuss deals with our domestic income tax provision. In the third quarter of 2009 we recorded a income tax benefit of $181.9 million to reverse a portion of the valuation allowance on the company's deferred tax asset due to our view that it is more likely than not that our future pre-tax profits will be ample enough for us to realize this tax benefit. As has been our past practice, we have excluded this benefit for pro forma purposes. In terms of cash flow, we generated approximately $195 million of cash from operations during the third quarter of 2009. We spent about $2 million on CapEx in the quarter, and we paid $86 million principal amount of convertible debt, bringing us to an outstanding debt balance of $271 million at quarter end. This leaves us at quarter end with cash and marketable securities of about $448 million in excess of our outstanding debt balance. We also have our $175 million revolving credit facility that is undrawn and doesn't expire until September of 2012. Now on to guidance. For the fourth quarter of 2009 we are forecasting total gross bookings to grow by 30% to 40%, with domestic gross bookings growing by approximately 15%. We expect international gross bookings expressed in U.S. dollars to grow by 50% to 60% as compared to last year and to grow on a local currency basis by approximately 37% to 46%. We expect our bookings growth rate versus prior year to continue to be hampered by decreases in ADRs; however, our fourth quarter guidance is based on an assumption that the rate of decline in our ADRs will improve versus the rates of decline that we saw in Q3 as our ADR comps become easier. Our comps also become more favorable from an FX perspective in Q4, and as a result this is the first quarter since Q3 of 2008 where our guidance assumes that international growth expressed in U.S. dollars will exceed our local currency growth. Our forecast assumes that the exchange rates remain at the same $1.48 per euro and $1.66 per British pound as of Friday's closing rates. This would yield average rates from a euro and pound perspective for the fourth quarter that appreciate by approximately 13% and 5%, respectively, as compared to the prior year.  We have hedge contracts in place that essentially lock in these rates and therefore would substantially shield our fourth quarter net earnings from any deterioration in the euro or pound between now and the end of the quarter, but these hedges do not offset the impact of translation on our gross bookings, revenue and gross profit nor will they have any impact on any of our financial results beyond 2009. We expect Q4 revenue to grow year-over-year by approximately 24% to 28% and gross profit dollars to grow by approximately 40% to 45%.  For Q4 operating expenses we are targeting consolidated advertising expenses of approximately $94 to $97 million, with approximately 94% of that amount being spent on online advertising. We expect sales and marketing expense of between $20 and $21 million. We expect personnel costs excluding stock-based compensation expense to come in between $40 and $41 million. We expect G&A expenses of approximately $23 to $24 million. We expect information technology costs of approximately $5.5 million, and depreciation and amortization expense excluding acquisition amortization of approximately $4.5 million.  We expect total below-the-line negative impact of approximately $1.9 million, which is comprised primarily of foreign exchange hedging expenses and net interest expense. This compares to below-the-line positive impact of $4.2 million in Q4 2008.  The $6 million unfavorable swing from year to year is driven mostly by FX hedging. During Q4 2008 the dollar strengthened throughout the quarter, and we recorded gains on our hedge contracts as a result. For Q4 2009 the FX rate assumption I just mentioned would represent weakening of the dollar versus the earlier part of the quarter, and we therefore would record FX hedging expense.  Pro forma EBITDA is expected to range between $98 and $108 million, and we are targeting pro forma fully diluted EPS of approximately $1.52 to $1.62 per share, which represents 22% growth year-over-year at the midpoint.  Our pro forma EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax of approximately $19 to $22 million comprised primarily of international income taxes and also some alternative minimum tax in the United States.  Our pro forma EPS guidance is based upon a pro forma diluted share count of approximately 50.7 million shares, which is based on Friday night's closing stock price of $172 per share. This is significantly higher than our diluted share count of 45.3 million shares in Q4 2008 due to a year-over-year increase in our primary share count as a result of early conversions of our convertible notes and the impact of higher share prices on fully diluted shares related to our convertible notes. As for expected GAAP results, we expect to report GAAP EPS of between $1.06 and $1.16 per share. The difference between our GAAP and pro forma results is driven by pro forma adjustments to exclude acquisition-related amortization, stock-based compensation and certain income tax expense, all of which are non-cash in nature, to arrive at pro forma earnings.  In addition, we adopted FASB Staff Position APB 14-1 on January 1, 2009 on a retrospective basis; therefore, our GAAP results for 2009 and 2008 include non-cash interest expense for amortization of debt discount and in 2009 include non-cash gains related to debt conversions. We have excluded these non-cash items for pro forma purposes. The impact of the FSP on our GAAP results is summarized more fully in our 10-Q. We also intend to adjust pro forma results to exclude charges, if any, related to hotel occupancy tax rulings, settlements or judgments.  Our guidance assumes that macroeconomic conditions in general and conditions in the travel market in particular remain relatively unchanged.  Before I turn the call back to Jeff, I want to provide a little more commentary with respect to the guidance I just gave. There is no question that the results and corresponding annualized growth rates that we've delivered, especially during these recent autumn months, have been particularly impressive, especially in our international businesses.  I mentioned a few moments ago that it is our view that these results were partly driven by easier comps that began in the second half of the third quarter and carried into the fourth quarter; however, as we discussed on our Q4 2008 earnings call, we saw marked improvement in our business fundamentals beginning in November of 2008, and therefore we know that annualized growth rate comparables will be increasingly more challenged than those that we have seen in recent months.  We have factored this dynamic into the fourth quarter guidance we are giving today, but it doesn't show up distinctly in our headline numbers for full quarter guidance due mainly to how favorable our comparables in October, the quarter's largest month, appear to have been, and therefore how strong our October 2009 growth rates actually were. Therefore, it won't be until 2010 that the point I'm making here is more fully reflected in our growth numbers.  And while we are not giving guidance beyond the fourth quarter of 2009, we do want to highlight our view that in the near future our growth rates in units sold will resume the pattern of deceleration that we had begun to experience before last year's severe economic conditions unfolded.  With that said, I'll now turn the call back over to Jeff for some closing comments.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Thanks, Bob.  We believe our worldwide business has performed well in the wake of the financial crisis and global recession. Our fourth quarter guidance is reflective of the mixed outlook that has characterized this year with the exception of currency, which for now has shifted from headwind to tailwind.  Going forward, near-term results will continue to show the impact of the relative strength or weakness or prior year periods and cyclical trends in demand and pricing. We believe our long-term performance will continue to be more closely tied to building our geographic and supply footprint, growing new markets, strengthening our brands worldwide, and executing on integration initiatives.  We will now take your questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from James Cakmak - Sidoti & Co.
James Cakmak - Sidoti & Co.: I was wondering if you could provide some more color on trends that you're seeing on the opaque travel side domestically?
Jeffery H. Boyd: I think what we've seen throughout the year is strong consumer demand for value and a high level of interest in the channel from suppliers as a place to discount, and as a result it's driven some good results in terms of the growth in our merchant gross bookings. And we're pleased with the results we've seen so far this year.
James Cakmak - Sidoti & Co.: So as far as how they performed in third quarter over 2Q, would you say that with unemployment and everything picking up it was slightly stronger than what we saw before, the demand?
Jeffery H. Boyd: I don't think we have a particularly comment or point of view that the demand has gotten stronger or weaker as a result of the month-to-month changes in employment and economic figures. We've had very robust demand for our products really across the board. The real distinctions that you see are, for example, in airline tickets, where very low airfares has put a dent in the supply environment and the demand environment for opaque airline tickets, and we mentioned that in our prepared remarks. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Scott Barry - Credit Suisse.
Scott Barry - Credit Suisse: Could you just touch on some of the drivers of the impressive ability to maintain your ad returns despite the skinnier unit economics and increased clicks per reservation in this type of macro environment?
Jeffery H. Boyd: I think the thing that has benefited us in that regard is very strong brand strength, which helps your conversion and helps you get clicks in the first place. And then with respect to the hotel business, continuing to add to supply and innovate on the website, which helps your conversion. 
Robert J. Mylod Jr.: I would also say, Scott, that as the business gets more and more mature, an increasing percentage of our business, especially internationally, is being driven by repeat, and that helps offset or another way of saying it is allows us to reinvest in growth because a lot of the repeat comes for free. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan.
Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan: In terms of the revenue margins for the agency business, so agency revenue as a percentage of agency bookings, it seems like it's growing year-over-year. Could you help us understand some of the newer markets? How is your take rate differentiation in your newer market versus more mature markets?  And secondly, Bob, you talked about how comps will get difficult starting in November, as you pointed out. You said that at the last year call. Can you give us some sense how much year-over-year growth rate implied into your November and December growth rate in your guidance?
Robert J. Mylod Jr.: Imran, I'm not going to comment on each of the individual growth rates for the months of the fourth quarter. What I said is, as you know, from a seasonal perspective October is the single biggest month of the fourth quarter, and we believe October was our easiest comparable month. So the combination of those two things means that October's contribution to the fourth quarter total growth rate is going to be very, very attractive; however, that doesn't alleviate the point that we're trying to make, which is we expect that as the quarter unfolds our comparables will get more difficult. You may remember earlier this year when we announced the fourth quarter of 2008 we went out of our way to say the business really did start to pick up in November and December of last year, and so we're just trying to highlight the fact that we thought that did happen, and so therefore our comps will get easier.  As for the take rates, I think the main function there, Imran, is that a higher percentage of our agency business is coming from the international business, primarily substantially all Booking.com, where their agency take rates are higher than the agency take rates in the United States, which are principally driven by our airline ticket business. So it's mainly driven by mix.  There is also a little bit of an element that as our hotel base matures we try to move them up in terms of the rate a little bit over time, but it's mainly driven by mix.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mark Mahaney - Citigroup.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: With that acceleration in units and acceleration in gross bookings you probably saw some sort of acceleration in basic customers or maybe number of new customers. What's your read into the newer customers that you've had on Priceline and maybe how they've differed from prior customers? Anything you can read into those newer customers about their loyalty to Priceline or how you'll attempt to keep them loyal in the future? And then if I could quickly ask also about just taxes and tax collection in the U.S. and how you want to render that back to the municipalities of the states of the relevant jurisdictions riposte the New York City decision. Have you made a change across other municipalities, other areas as well or are you just doing that on a case-by-case basis?
Jeffery H. Boyd: I think with respect to new customers, we of course look carefully at the composition of customers coming into Priceline, and I don't think that the accelerating growth rate is really reflective of much more than increasing new customers and repeat customers.  We haven't seen a remarkable trend in terms of the changing mix of customers with the exception of retail airline tickets. Retail airline shopping is pervasive on the Internet, and all of the interest in reduced and eliminated booking fees that started two years ago with us and continued with the matching has generated a lot of new customers that are coming around and shopping for an airline ticket, and that's something that we're happy to see in that it's our opportunity to try to cross-sell them and bring them into the brand, especially to buy things that are uniquely ours such as the opaque product.  With respect to occupancy taxes, we are paying the taxes in New York. They passed a regulation that's very specific in its application to online travel agents, but that's specific to New York. That to us doesn't represent a precedent that applies in different places which have different rules.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs.
Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs: First, in terms of that tougher comparison beginning in November, is that more of a domestic or international phenomenon given I guess you did 25% domestic booking growth in 3Q and you're guiding to 15% in 4Q? And then secondly, do you have an idea as to how much overlap you have with competitors in terms of hotels in Europe? Are most of the Booking.com hotels exclusively using Booking.com, and does it make sense for smaller independent hotels with fewer IT resources to use more than one platform?
Jeffery H. Boyd: I think on the second question, there's a tremendous amount of overlap in hotel inventory between Booking.com and its competitors and not just the international competitors like Expedia Hotels.com but also strong local competitors. Hotels typically are not working with online travel agents on an exclusive basis. They retain the ability to sell and book through others and generally do. There may be some hotels, smaller hotels in particular, that come to the conclusion that one online travel agency relationship is sufficient for them, but candidly it's really not about IT resources. The interfaces are easy enough to use that anybody who's Internet savvy can use them. So it's really more a question of just general management time.  On the tougher comps, they really apply to both the domestic and the international business. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Justin Post - Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Jeff, could you help us with the international opportunity? Obviously, your growth rate in phenomenonal and you're taking share, but I think you only added 2,000 hotels in the quarter. Any reason that might have slowed down a bit?  And based on your room nights - we have an estimate for your international room nights or the total hotels at 73,000 - any idea on what the market opportunity is so we can help frame that?  And then anything new on the competitive front that you're seeing in Europe or Asia?
Jeffery H. Boyd: So on the hotel count - and, Justin, as you know, we get this question a lot - we don't look at the absolute hotel count as defining the market. Our counts on a year-over-year basis are still up significantly. And it is still an important part of what we're doing not just internationally but here in the United States to add hotels to all of our programs, and potentially more important to make sure that we've got the right rates and availability from the hotels that do participate with Priceline and Booking.com and Agoda. That can be as meaningful to the output of the business as adding new hotels.  So we will continue to add hotels, but we don't look at the market in terms of there's this many hotels and when we get them all we'll be 100% penetrated. It's just not the way that we view the market.  From a competitive perspective, I think that you have heard in the conference calls of the two competitors that are publicly traded that they're very focused on the international hotel opportunity, that Expedia is making an agency product available to hotels, and Orbitz is really trying to reorient its organization to focus primarily on hotel bookings. So it continues to be very competitive out there. And we work very hard to keep track of what's going on with the competition, but we also try very hard to make sure that we're doing what we think is right for our business and not necessarily trying to map what they're doing.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Do you think you can define maybe any of your kind of sustainable competitive advantages or what really is helping you outperform the market at this point, and can that continue for years to come?
Jeffery H. Boyd: I think that our network of supply and demand is one of the largest single advantages that we have. We have very sizeable pools of distribution now in the United States and in Europe, and we have a growing source of distribution in Asia. We have very, very wide hotel inventory and great content with respect to that inventory.  And our ability to basically build that supply and build that content and continue to push that demand just gives us a greater opportunity to satisfy every customer that comes to one of our websites because of the extent of our supply, and it gives us a greater opportunity to provide compelling distribution value to our hotels because of the scope of our distribution network. So I think the scale that we've achieved is one of our most assets.  And if you look at the great results that we're seeing in Asia from Agoda and from Booking.com in its new markets, what you're seeing is that every time we enter into a new market we are doing it from a stronger position than we did in the last new market. And so it just gets us very excited about Asia and the Pacific and what we're doing in the Middle East and South America and in North America for Booking.com and the international traveler.  And if you look at the size of our business relative to the total market for hotel reservations, we have I think very good market share in Europe for Booking.com, and we have good but frankly not leading market share in the United States for hotel distribution. And elsewhere we're a very, very small part of the market. So if you look at the places where we're not leading, it's a lot bigger opportunity than the one place where we are leading, which is Europe. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets.
Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets: Did you see the booking window compress in 3Q and, if so, how does visibility factor into your guidance for 4Q? And then just a clarification on the tougher comps comment for 4Q. Does the trend that you're seeing in November and December, does that relate to overall bookings growth or is it more in the volume growth, and why wouldn't you see more meaningful ADR comp improvement in 4Q? 
Robert J. Mylod Jr.: I'll take the second question first. As it relates to ADR, we are expecting an improvement in ADR as relative to Q3. We're not quantifying it other than to say that we think it'll be a little bit better, but I think that's reflective of the fact that while maybe things are turning we are still in a recession. We have an unemployment rate north of 10%, and the business traveler, which to a large degree impacts occupancy rates and therefore ADRs is still weak. So we aren't necessarily predicting a dramatic turnaround in ADRs. We're happy to see them stabilize and improve a little bit. The difficult comps really relates to units because obviously, as Jeff mentioned, we potentially have a tailwind internationally with respect to FX and obviously maybe a little bit of improvement year-over-year in the decline in ADRs, so it's really driven by units.  As for the booking window, we don't really have anything remarkable to comment on there. It's been fairly steady. Obviously, because we generate bookings in October, we have some visibility therefore into what the revenue picture looks like internationally where we recognize revenue when people check out. But in the United States most of the revenue and gross profit that we generate is generated by the opaque business, where we recognize that at time of booking. So it's not like we can sit here in the first week of November and say that we know that we have very clear visibility to November and December. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: When you look at European hotels, are you seeing a differential in growth when you look at local guests staying in local areas or are you seeing local areas vacationing or going into the larger hotels, larger destinations, or are you seeing I guess the third alternative, people from the larger destinations from London going more and more, spreading out more and more into secondary and tertiary hotels and taking planes as opposed to driving? And the other question relates to the rental car companies. You're up 12% in units in the third quarter. To what extent is that opaque? To what extent is it just agency? And related to that, the racks keep telling us how they're reducing their fleets, and so are you seeing that? And finally, on the opaque rental cars, do you have an inventory that is given to you for the coming quarter or is it almost you call up and say what have you got for us today?
Jeffery H. Boyd: Okay, why don't I take those in reverse order? So with respect to our arrangements with the rental car suppliers on the opaque business, the inventory is dynamic. Our suppliers provide us with rates when they have a need to increase their fleet utilization, and so we don't have any forward commitments and we don't seek them. The product for the supplier is a revenue management tool, and they use it as such.  And with respect to your second question, there's no question that the rental car companies have skinnied down their fleets in order to make sure that they can maintain yield integrity, and that absolutely has had an impact on opaque availability from time to time and has been a headwind for the opaque rental car business.  We are fortunate to have very broad distribution of retail rental car product, and we've designed our website to deliver the best available deal to the customer no matter what the supply environment is, so it really is a one-stop shopping experience for the customer. And if there are good opaque rates available we have them, so there really is no need for the customer to go any further.  And with respect to trends in terms of visitation and travel in the European hotels, we don't happen to have those at our fingertips, and it's not the kind of thing that we would share anyway because it really gets into distribution strategy and marketing opportunities, and it's just not something we'd be prepared to discuss. 
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Is there any 30,000-foot view that you can shed?
Jeffery H. Boyd: You know, I think that the 30,000-foot view that I would shed is that leisure travel in the European market has been stronger this summer than most people thought it would be at the beginning of the year.  And there's just a number of continuing robust tailwinds to leisure travel in general. The low cost airlines are continuing to provide travelers with the opportunity to fly for very, very low prices, which is facilitating short breaks, North-South travel when the weather is lousy. There's a lot of hotel discounting out there, which makes it attractive for travelers to stay at hotels. And so those would be a couple of 30,000-foot trends that I think are in part behind some of the good results you've seen from us and from some of our competition. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray.
Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray: You touched earlier on international expansion. Can you just talk about how your prioritizing geographies outside of the U.S. and Europe, maybe what are kind of the top two focus areas? And then second, certainly the footprint of opaque customers has been growing through the downturn. Are there any metrics you can share or anyway you can kind of quantify how big the opaque customer footprint is now compared to maybe Q3 last year?
Jeffery H. Boyd: With respect to expansion geographies, I mentioned a few of them in an answer to a previous question. We like to refer to it for the international business as planting seeds, which we've done in Eastern and Central Europe and in Southern Europe as well. The Western European markets are relatively more heavily penetrated and developed from an online travel perspective whereas the Eastern, Central and Southern markets less so, so we view those as important opportunities still. Asia is an important opportunity for us, and we've got two businesses there - the Booking.com business, which has an advantage in entering that market because it can show up to the hotels with a sizeable pool of European demand that is interested in the Asian market as well, and, as I mentioned previously, Agoda is doing well there also. And we continue to open up other markets opportunistically in the Middle East and South Africa, Sao Paulo, Brazil, all potentially exciting markets for us and seeds that we're planting for the future.  With respect to growth in the opaque product, we have been pleased by the new customer growth that we've seen in opaque over the last couple of years as the product has done well. I think our brand advertising has done a good job in bringing people to the website. We work very hard to make the opaque opportunity attractive for customers on the website.  I don't think that there is anything that is demographically significant that we're aware of. I think it's just a broadening of the appeal as consumers are more and more concerned with value and potentially more willing to explore the trade-offs.  And, as we've said in the past, our hope is that when consumers come in and try the product for the first time, particularly the hotel and rental car product, that they have a very good experience, they're satisfied, and we've got a good chance of getting them back in our repeat metrics for those products certainly give us reason for that hope.
Operator:  Your final question comes from Doug Anmuth - Barclays Capital.
Doug Anmuth - Barclays Capital: I was just hoping you could talk about marketing spend a little bit more and in particular if you could comment on how much you think you've benefited in an environment where your competitors have obviously pulled back here and then as you look toward 2010 with the possibility of your biggest competitor sort of coming back and spending some more money again now that fee cuts will be lapped next year, how you think that's going to impact your plans.
Robert J. Mylod Jr.: I think the pullback that we've seen from the competition has been a benefit for us. You can't quantify it, but certainly when that much money comes out of the marketplace by your competition it's got to do something for you.  I think what happens next year is open to analysis and debate potentially. On the one hand there will be an anniversarying of the fee cuts and the generation of new business that that created on the website, but on the other hand you're also going to be lapping earnings results that reflect the benefit of reduced marketing spend.  So I don't think it's a foregone conclusion that our competition will be absolutely free, for example, in the case of Orbitz to reinject $38 million into their marketing spend in the third quarter of next year because I think the pressure that puts on their earnings comps is very, very significant. So my expectation is not that there's going to be a flood of new marketing spend to try to make up for anniversarying fee cuts. I think that the competition - and this is the way we approach it - will be ROI driven and trying to execute on a rational marketing strategy that is accretive to their earnings.
Jeffery H. Boyd: All right, thank you all very much for participating in our call.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude your program. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-08-10 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeffery H. Boyd - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer Robert J. Mylod Jr. - Vice Chairman of the Board, Head - Worldwide Strategy and Planning
Analysts: Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Justin Post - Merrill Lynch Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley Marianne Wowk - Susquehanna  Scott Kessler - Standard & Poor’s Scott Barry - Credit Suisse James Cakmak - Sidoti & Company
Operator: Welcome to Priceline's second quarter 2009 conference call. Priceline would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied, or forecast in any such forward-looking statements.  Expressions of future goals and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Priceline's actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements please refer to the Safe Harbor statement at the end of Priceline's earnings press release, as well as Priceline's most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Priceline undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.  A copy of Priceline's earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the investor relations section of Priceline's website located at www.priceline.com.  And now, I would like to introduce Priceline's speakers for this afternoon, Jeff Boyd and Dan Finnegan. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Thank you very much and good morning, everybody. Welcome to Priceline's second quarter conference call. I am here with Priceline's Vice Chairman, Bob Mylod, and CFO Dan Finnegan. I will make some opening remarks, Dan will give a detailed financial review, and then I will sum up. After the prepared portion, we will take questions.  Priceline reported consolidated gross bookings for the second quarter of approximately $2.4 billion, up 12.8% year over year. Pro forma net income was $99 million, or $2.02 per share versus $1.55 the prior year. Second quarter results surpassed First Call consensus estimates of $1.75 per share and our guidance for the quarter.  Worldwide hotel room night reservations were $15.7 million for the quarter, up 44% year over year. While the global economic environment remains challenging, we were pleased to see accelerating growth in hotel unit sales, which allowed us to overcome the continued impact of negative year-over-year pricing and currency trends.  Our international business gained momentum throughout the quarter, with 32% gross bookings growth on a local currency basis. Higher unit sales were tempered by a decline in hotel ADRs that, while significant, came in at the low-end of our range for guidance. International gross bookings benefited from geographic expansion, growth in hotel supply, and growth in new markets.  Booking.com’s worldwide hotel count now exceeds 71,000 hotels in over 70 countries. The fundamental strength of the business has allowed us to continue to invest in the future while delivering impressive current earnings growth. We intend to continue to invest in geographic expansion and integration initiatives. In distribution, we have increased our spend in online channels and we’re able to drive demand growth with reasonable efficiency despite lower unit prices.  We believe we have an opportunity to drive growth, share gains, and new market penetration through these investments and we intend to pursue that opportunity aggressively.  Agoda had a good quarter in the face of macro headwinds that have driven down unit pricing. Supply and infrastructure investments are paying off and the team is doing an excellent job capturing demand from Asian travelers.  Priceline's domestic gross bookings grew 11% in the second quarter with accelerating growth in hotel unit sales tempered by a significant year-over-year decrease in hotel pricing and, as expected, a sequential decline in the growth rate of retail airline tickets.  Domestic merchant gross bookings, which include [opaque] services and retail merchant hotels, continued to show strong growth despite a decline in our air opaque business. We continued to see attractive domestic unit growth rates as suppliers use discounts and promotions to spur demand and leisure travelers responded.  We believe the online travel distribution channel has played a valuable role in promoting consumer demand in a vacation season that looked at the outset to pose considerable challenge to the supplier community. Our industry spent well over $150 million in the second quarter advertising and marketing the great travel deals available and the result was better-than-expected leisure demand.  The second quarter marks the first full quarter in the post booking fee era and on balance, the trend Priceline pioneered over two years ago has been in my opinion a positive for the online travel industry and certainly a positive for Priceline.  First, we are satisfied with our growth rates and outlook for the domestic business and believe we are still taking share and building on our brand strength.  Second, we do not believe that competitive matching has hurt our domestic profitability. While our competition has experienced a significant hit to revenue, management of expenses has mitigated the impact and the online travel space as a whole has a more competitive posture.  Finally, while we believe the fee reduction initiative helped reinforce our brand leadership in the value category, our opaque savings continue to provide the most important value -- a point which is underscored by the momentum of the domestic business as a whole.  In summary, despite the numerous macro challenges, the business performed above our expectations in the second quarter and I think my colleagues around the world for their hard work and dedication. I will now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review. 
Daniel J. Finnegan:  Thanks, Jeff. I will discuss some of the highlights and operating results and cash flows for the quarter and then provide guidance for the third quarter 2009. We experienced strong unit growth rates in the second quarter versus prior year, enabling us to grow pro forma EBITDA and further expand operating leverage while continuing to increase advertising support for our brands.  Economic conditions continue to present a significant challenge and to pressure demand and pricing for the overall travel industry. Despite these external factors, our growth rate for gross bookings dollars and hotel room nights accelerated sequentially as compared to first quarter.  Hotel room nights booked grew by 44% in second quarter versus last year. This compares to a 36% growth rate in hotel room nights for the first quarter. Gross booking dollars grew by 12.8% for the second quarter, after applying the impact of lower average prices and unfavorable currency exchange rates.  Average daily rates, or ADRs, for our international hotel service were down by about 9% versus Q2 2008 and were down by about 11% for our domestic hotel service. Our second quarter guidance was based on an assumption that ADRs for our international hotel service would be down by 9% to 11% and that ADRs for our domestic hotel service would be down by 11% to 13%, so ADR decreases were at the better end of both ranges. FX rates were favorable to the $1.36 per Euro and $1.52 per Pound that prevailed when we gave guidance in May. However, when comparing our results to the prior year, FX rates continued to be a significant headwind. The average exchange rates for the Euro and the Pound versus the dollar were down 13% and 21% respectively in second quarter 2009 versus second quarter 2008.  In summary, room night growth accelerated in the back half of the quarter and ADRs and FX rates were favorable to the assumptions used for guidance, resulting in performance that exceeded the top end of our range of guidance in all key operating metrics from gross bookings to EPS.  Gross profit was $305 million and grew 20% as compared to prior year. Our domestic business generated gross profit of $108.6 million, which represented a 20% growth rate versus prior year. Gross profit for our international operations amounted to $196.6 million and also grew by 20%. Total operating expenses were generally in line with guidance. Sales and marketing expense was favorable versus guidance because bad debt and charge back expenses were lower than the amounts we assumed for guidance.  Advertising was higher than guidance, driven mainly by the overperformance in gross bookings. Advertising efficiency exceeded guidance but was down slightly versus prior year, mainly due to lower average prices for hotel room nights and airline tickets.  On a year-over-year basis, we increased operating expenses by 14%, as we continue to invest in marketing, people, and new offices to support the growth of our business. We recorded below-the-line expenses in the quarter of about $5 million versus our guidance of $3 million. The variance is due primarily to larger than forecasted FX hedging expense resulting from the aforementioned weaker than forecasted dollar.  In summary, pro forma EBITDA for Q2 amounted to $126 million, which exceeded our forecast of $102 million to $112 million and represents 25% growth versus prior year. In terms of cash flow, we generated approximately $95 million of cash from operations during second quarter 2009. We spent about $5 million on CapEx in the quarter and repaid $16 million principal amount of convertible debt, bringing us to an outstanding debt balance of $356 million at quarter end. This leaves us at quarter end with a cash and marketable securities balance that is about $233 million in excess of our outstanding debt balance. Additionally, we have a $175 million revolving credit facility that is undrawn and that doesn’t expire until September 2012.  As we have highlighted in the past, our fully diluted share count, particularly as it relates to equivalent shares outstanding for our convertible debt, tends to vary based upon our average stock price. We include equivalent shares in our fully diluted share count for the theoretical number of shares that would be issued if our outstanding convertible notes were actually converted.  Since our average stock price was lower in the second quarter of 2009 than the same period in 2008, our diluted share count is also lower in 2009 versus prior year.  For third quarter guidance, we are forecasting total third quarter gross bookings to grow by 20% to 26%, with domestic gross bookings growing by approximately 20%. We expect international gross bookings expressed in U.S. dollars to grow by 21% to 29% as compared to last year and to grow on a local currency basis by approximately 30% to 39%.  We expect our bookings growth rate versus prior year to continue to be negatively impacted by significant decreases in ADRs. Our third quarter guidance is based on an assumption that the rate of decline in our ADRs will flatten to slightly improve in both our domestic and international businesses versus the rates of decline that we saw in Q2.  We expect our international growth rate to also be adversely impacted by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Our forecast assumes that exchange rates remain at the same $1.42 per Euro and $1.67 per British Pound as Friday’s closing rates. At or near these exchange rates, FX will continue to present a headwind for the third quarter of 2009 as the average rates for the third quarter of 2008 were stronger from a Euro and Pound perspective by approximately 6% and 13% respectively.  We have hedged contracts in place to substantially shield our third quarter net earnings from any deterioration in the Euro or Pound going forward but these hedges do not offset the impact of translation on our gross bookings, revenue, and gross profit.  Although ADR decreases and FX rate fluctuations continue to hamper our growth expressed in U.S. dollars, our guidance assumes that room night growth will exceed gross bookings growth as we continue to experience organic growth and market share gains.  We expect Q3 revenue to grow year-over-year by approximately 19% to 23% and gross profit dollars to grow by approximately 23% to 27%. As for Q3 operating expenses, we are targeting consolidated advertising expenses of approximately $122 million to $125 million, with approximately 94% of that amount being spent on online advertising. We expect sales and marketing expense of between $24.5 million and $25.5 million. We expect personnel costs, excluding stock-based compensation, to come in between $41.5 million and $42.5 million. We expect G&A expenses of approximately $16.5 million to $17.5 million. We expect information technology costs of approximately $5.5 million and depreciation and amortization expense excluding acquisition amortization of approximately $4 million.  We expect total below-the-line negative impact of approximately $1.7 million, which is comprised primarily of foreign exchange hedging expense and net interest expense. This compares to below-the-line positive impact of $2.7 million in Q3 of 2008. The $4 million unfavorable swing from year to year is driven mostly by FX hedging.  During Q3 2008, the dollar strengthened throughout the quarter and we recorded gains on our hedged contracts as a result. For Q3 2009, the FX rate assumption I just mentioned would represent weakening of the dollar versus the early part of the quarter and we therefore would record FX hedging expense.  Pro forma EBITDA is expected to range between $178 million and $188 million, and we are targeting pro forma fully diluted EPS of approximately $2.70 to $2.85 per share, which represents 16% growth year over year at the midpoint.  Our pro forma EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax of approximately $36 million to $39 million, comprised of international income taxes and alternative minimum tax in the U.S.  Our pro forma EPS guidance is based upon a pro forma diluted share count of approximately 50 million shares, which is based on Friday night’s closing stock price of $131.32 per share. This is higher than our share count of 48.9 million in Q3 2008 due to the convertible note impact on share count that I just discussed.  As for expected GAAP results, we expect to report a GAAP EPS of $2.15 to $2.30 per share. The difference between our GAAP and pro forma results is driven by pro forma adjustments to exclude acquisition related amortization, stock-based compensation, and certain income tax expenses, all of which are non-cash in nature, to arrive at pro forma earnings.  In addition, we adopted FASB stat position APB 14-1 on January 1, 2009, on a retrospective basis. Therefore, our GAAP results for 2009 and 2008 include non-cash interest expense for amortization of debt discounts and in 2009, include non-cash gains related to debt conversions. We have excluded these non-cash items for pro forma purposes.  The impact of the FSP on our GAAP results is summarized in our 10-Q.  Lastly, as of January 1, 2009, we ceased making a pro forma adjustment to exclude payroll taxes related to stock-based compensation due to the relative insignificance of the expense to our earnings. Our guidance assumes that macroeconomic conditions in general and conditions in the consumer travel market in particular remain relatively unchanged. Given the current macroeconomic conditions, we emphasize that actual performance during the third quarter against our guidance is subject to greater variability than in the past.  I will now turn the call back over to Jeff for some closing comments. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: Thanks, Dan. The travel industry continues to cope with serious revenue challenges tied to the worldwide recession. Weak demand, particularly for business travel and groups, and lower yields are leading to declines in important revenue metrics. Online travel companies are helping to mitigate this by pouring resources into marketing, promotions, and value pricing to the leisure traveler and there is evidence that the downward trend in unit pricing may be starting to stabilize, at least in the near term.  We have made good progress in building our international hotel business during this challenging time and the accelerating sequential growth in unit sales and continued share gains are the result of this hard work. Our major brands have good marketplace momentum and the scale to offer the best service to consumers and the best distribution value to our suppliers. We also believe we have the ability to invest in building our brands through initiatives like the fee cut while still delivering solid earnings growth. We have built a sizable global hotel business; however, we account for only a tiny fraction of the global opportunity and are excited to continue building the business in all of our core and new markets. We will now take your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Jennifer Watson of Goldman Sachs. 
Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you. Could you guys provide a little bit of color on the geographical strength and weakness in the international bookings trends, as well as comment on I think the guidance basically would assume that your unit growth remains relatively consistent in 3Q versus 2Q on the hotel room nights sold, given your expectation that ADRs are kind of staying stable at this point?
Jeffery H. Boyd: Sure. In terms of geographic color, while as you guys know we don’t get into detail about how specific markets are performing. Consistent with prior periods, we are seeing nice higher growth rates in a lot of our new markets than we are seeing in the established core markets in Western Europe, although I am happy to say you can't report the high unit growth rate numbers that we’ve reported without having good solid growth in those places too but we are still very much dedicated to building up the new markets. We think they represent the growth for the future and it’s our intention to continue working on that.  In terms of guidance for the room nights, Bob, do you want to -- 
Robert J. Mylod Jr.: Jen, your observations are generally correct that if you sort of do the math of how we are guiding to ADRs and gross bookings, we intend to, or we expect that hotel room night growth is going to be very strong and roughly similar to where we were in Q2. 
Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs: And do you think -- is that part of your execution or do you see signs that the industry is actually starting to improve to some degree in Europe?
Jeffery H. Boyd: I think when we got into the beginning of the summer season, there was really an open question as to whether the leisure traveler would show up with the same force that they have in prior years because of the recession and the numbers that we’ve reported and I think the numbers that have been reported by our competition indicate that the leisure travel demand was better than folks expected and I think part of that was driven by the availability of a lot of low prices. So there’s a little bit of cause and effect in terms of better-than-expected demand but still pressure on year-over-year ADRs. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney of Citigroup.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: Thank you. Two questions -- could you address some of the occupancy tax issues and comment on whether specifically you think that the New York City ruling could undermine some of the back tax collection efforts that you see in municipalities in other parts of the country? And then secondly, could you talk broadly about what an economic recovery, a cyclical recovery in leisure travel means to Priceline's model, how you would actually see it flow through as ADRs, stabilize, what the business looks like when a year from now hopefully we’re in a growth environment again? Thanks. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: Okay, Mark, with respect to occupancy tax, I am going to be a little circumspect in my comments. We have filed a 10-Q this morning that has fulsome disclosure of all of the aspects of that and I recommend everybody take a look at it. I do tend to think that passing a new regulation with very specific wording in it really is focused more on going forward and does tend to indicate that the regulation did not require payment of taxes in the past. And I think in that regard, while nobody in our industry thinks it’s a good idea to pass taxes on travel, the travel industry is under a lot of pressure right now and hotels and airlines and others are having difficulty earning money. It’s not a great idea to add taxes to the burden they are already facing in the face of this recession but if a jurisdiction intends to collect a tax, the way to do it is to pass a regulation that clearly indicates the tax is payable.  With respect to the cyclical recovery and what does that mean for our business, I don’t want to get into the business of predicting how the business will perform under hypothetical economic conditions but if you look at the major difference between our business over the last 12 months and in the prior 12 month period, we had very significant benefits in the earlier period from increasing ADRs and very strong fundamental consumer demand.  I think that in a cyclical recovery, those benefits would come back and accrue to our industry again. You’d have less discounting and it’s open to question as to whether the discounting is more important than having strong fundamental demand and strong pricing but it’s certainly our preference and I think our business although is performing very well right now in the face of these conditions, it was performing better 12 months ago. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from Justin Post of Merrill Lynch. 
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch : Thanks. My question concerns competitive offerings. When you look at the hotel market, your competitors are getting obviously great deals on inventory. Is there anything out there that Priceline, especially in Europe, won’t be able to match because your model might be a little bit different than a merchant model? And then also on the air side, it looks like a growth of air tickets has accelerated competitors. You touched on that a little bit in your opening remarks but any reason to think that they are taking some of your tickets away or is that really just coming from hotel, air direct sites for your competitors and not really coming from you? Thank you. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: I don’t think there’s anything, Justin, in our business model anywhere around the world that would prevent us from being able to match competitive promotions out there in the marketplace. We make business decisions as to whether to commit resources to matching those promotions and I think here domestically, our name-your-own price savings still are dramatically more favorable to the customer than one night free if you buy four nights, so we feel like we are very strongly positioned, even with that kind of promotional activity here although there’s nothing to say that in future, we wouldn’t be able to offer that kind of a thing here in the United States and there’s nothing in the booking.com model or the Agoda model that prevents them from offering that kind of lower pricing for multi-night stays, which is really what the principal promotional activity has been here in the United States and in Europe.  With respect to airline tickets, we reported decent airline ticket growth in the quarter. It was a decelaration from the previous quarter and that’s absolutely the impact of our competitors matching but I don’t think that it would make sense to say that they are taking share from us because their business is so much bigger than ours. They’ve got to be able to be taking some share from the suppliers in order to generate the turnaround in growth rates that they’ve been reporting so I don’t view that so much as taking share from us but rather mitigating our own growth rate. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Millman of Millman Research Associates. 
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Thank you. Could you talk about whether you are seeing any change in travel habits for leisure? And also surprising that you continue to show pretty good car strength despite the car companies, rental car companies telling us that they have very tight fleets. Thank you. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: The question that we get a lot about travel behavior is are the consumer [inaudible] and some of the supplier companies reported some indication of that but our comment there is that we have always had a significant amount of our demand in the last couple of weeks before travel and we remain a business that has a lot of last minute demand.  With respect to rental car, there’s no question that fleet constraints have had an impact on our ability to sell opaque products but because we sell a lot of retail on Priceline.com with a very nice booking engine and great supply, and we also have a couple of standalone retail websites including rentalcars.com, which we think is one of the best urls in the space, that allows us to fill in retail when we are unable to close on the opaque side and that balance has allowed us to deliver pretty steady growth on the rental car side. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Imran Kahn of J.P. Morgan. 
Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan: Thank you for taking my questions. Two questions -- Jeff, you talked about continued investment on geographic expansion. Could you help us understand what are some of the new markets you see most opportunity in the near-term? And secondly, use of free cash flow -- the company continues to generate strong free cash flow on top of the cash you have. How should we think about the use of cash for the business? Thank you. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: With respect to investments in geographic expansion, we pointed out in prior calls that the new markets that we are talking about include Asia for both Agoda and booking.com, which is as everybody is aware a very large and growing market and we think holds a lot of potential for the future. The online travel business is very nascent in that market and I think there’s a lot of room for our businesses to succeed there. It includes Eastern Europe for booking.com in particular, which is also a new and developing market, which we’ve got a great start in. For booking.com, it includes North America, which has opportunities for international travelers that are customers of booking.com coming to the United States and I’ve mentioned before that that’s been a successful and important initiative.  We are also opening offices in places like Sao Paolo, Capetown, South Africa in the Middle East so we are building in some of these other markets that while small again I think provide an opportunity for growth in the future.  With respect to use of free cash flow, Dan, why don’t you take that one?
Daniel J. Finnegan:  With free cash flow, Imran, I think you can look to our past. It would be a pretty good predictor of possible uses for the future. So acquisitions are something we are always looking at, debt retirement is -- you know, we talked about $16 million of debt conversion in Q2 and in our Q we talk about -- I think there’s $40 million or so that’s already been presented to us for Q3 and more may come in before the quarter closes. So repayment of our outstanding convertible debt, and then lastly we’ve made stock repurchases in the past. We have $65 million currently authorized under an outstanding approval from our board, so we may continue to be opportunistic in that area as well. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Vance Edelson of Morgan Stanley.
Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley: Thanks a lot. With the amount that you look to spend in 3Q on marketing at or near record levels, I was just wondering how you would characterize the main drivers -- is it that you are coping with potentially weaker demand so you need to really spur the consumer or is it the competitive moves that other players have made cutting price? Or is this just an opportune time to try and take market share?
Jeffery H. Boyd: I think it’s really the latter. We consistently have spent to ROI targets that while not cast in stone are fairly firm and so we do not find ourselves spending up dramatically because we think the competition is spending. We really are sort of on our own path there but as I mentioned previously, we are opening up a lot of new markets and that takes investment on the marketing front too and we are just going to continue to aggressively invest in building up the brands and we think that there’s really an opportunity for us while many of our competition are reigning in their marketing spend in order to deal with the loss of operating margin resulting from having to forego processing fees. That’s not an issue for us. We’re able to increase our marketing spend and we are very happy that we’ve been able to do that while still delivering industry leading earnings growth. 
Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Marianne Wowk of Susquehanna.
Marianne Wowk - Susquehanna: Thank you. I have two quick questions -- you increased hotel properties by about 5,000 Q-over-Q -- can I assume that most of that is outside of your core base in Europe or are you able to give us some sense of what percentage of the hotel properties are in Europe? And then the second question, can you talk to the counter-cyclical benefits to the name-your-own-price business in terms of consumer demand and hotel inventory and how that might perform in a stronger environment? Thanks very much. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: We don’t specifically break out geographically where the hotels that we add are located but it would be safe to assume that we are focusing on building out the new markets and that a substantial portion of those hotels are in new markets.  With respect to the counter cyclical benefits of name-your-own price and what that means in a good market, speaking most specifically about hotels but also about air and rental car, we have traditionally over the last several years had very good support from the supplier community when demand has been strong because our model presents suppliers with a revenue management tool to push their pricing up when demand is strong. And that’s what suppliers strive to do in a strong market is push up pricing and they can deliver whatever demand they can’t fill to an opaque channel like Priceline.coma and overall their yields as a whole are better. And so we’ve had very good supply during strong markets. Another thing in a strong market that helps us is as prices go up, the value of the savings we provide also goes up and so from a consumer perspective, they look at high prices and say boy, I can really save a lot of money on Priceline, that’s where I want to go.  So again, I emphasize that we in general would much prefer for a strong market, for yields moving up, for high occupancies and load factors it’s all fine because the suppliers use our offering as a tool to push their pricing up. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Kessler from Standard & Poor’s.
Scott Kessler - Standard & Poor’s: Consistent with that question to some extent, can you talk about what you expect the impact of essentially U.S. airline capacity constraints and reductions that are forthcoming to have on your business at least domestically? Thanks. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: The airlines have been steadily reducing their capacity now for going on three years and the math of it is in general to have fewer seats to fly can limit the inventory that’s available not just us for opaque but as a matter of arithmetic, it limits the number of seats that are available to be sold by every travel agent, so reducing capacity is a negative in terms of volume.  There’s no question that it’s the right thing to do from the airline’s perspective and again reducing capacity is about pushing yields up per seat mile flown. That’s what they need to do to drive profitability and again, we can allow airlines who are adjusting their schedules to push the pricing up and to be confident that they’ve got a channel to move the distressed inventory if they push it a little bit too far and they’ve got some empty seats in the back of the plane. 
Scott Kessler - Standard & Poor’s: All right. Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Barry of Credit Suisse.
Scott Barry - Credit Suisse: Good morning. Jeff, your leverage clearly is benefiting from lower keyword search pricing. Could you just talk to the other factors maybe that were offsetting the slower unit pricing headwind?
Robert J. Mylod Jr.: You know, we typically don’t comment on keyword prices. The thing that we always work on, however, no matter what the keyword environment, is our conversion and things like improvements to the website help your conversion. Things like adding supply and in particular aggressively adding supply in new markets, that can help your conversion and so that’s really the biggest offset that we can focus on in an environment where unit pricing is down. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: In fact, Scott, as Bob just -- if you look at the relationship of online advertising expense relative to our gross profit, you can see actually that we were delivering quite a lot of leverage a number of quarters ago but as Dan mentioned in his remarks, our unit gross profit per hotel room night sold has come down because of ADR, so that’s actually represented a little bit of a headwind for us in terms of the relationship between online and gross profit. So again, you don’t see it numerically displayed as if we are benefiting hugely from reduced keyword pricing. 
Operator: Our next question comes from James Cakmak of Sidoti & Company. 
James Cakmak - Sidoti & Company: Good morning. Just really quickly on the European front, your competition is stating that they are being pretty aggressive about ramping up their supplier network over there. How long and how much confidence do you have that you will be able to maintain your competitive advantage over there? And secondly on the domestic bookings, you know, it was still posting strong double-digit growth but somewhat decelerating -- is this something that you could attribute to maybe greater consumer confidence with [price disclosed] travel or -- yeah, that’s it. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: Okay, Dan I think will take the second question first. 
Daniel J. Finnegan:  James, the guidance actually implies acceleration in our growth rate for domestic for Q3, so we grew gross bookings in Q2 by about 11% and we are forecasting approximately 20% for Q3. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: And I would note that that forecast and what we reported is significantly better domestic growth than our competition has reported despite the fact that they are enjoying the benefit of cutting fees, which is a benefit that will accrue to them for one year, basically and then they will anniversary that benefit, whereas we anniversaried it more than a year go.  With respect to competition in Europe, I think it’s fair to say that our competition has been very much focused on booking.com in particular for well over two years now and if you went back and read the transcripts for our competitors, you would see in those transcripts words dedicated to what is being done in Europe to compete with booking.com. And so the notion that somehow now all of a sudden we’ve got to face competition that we haven’t faced competition before in my opinion is a little bit of an overstatement of what the situation is.  There’s no question that our competition is focused on it. Expedia, their acquisition of [Venna Ray] was very much focused on trying to build an agency model to compete with booking.com and Orbitz in their conference call said that they are going to be all about hotels now, so we take that competition very, very seriously but we are not steering our business in response to what our competition is doing. We are trying to remain focused on building out the hotel platform, building out our new geographies and making sure we are doing the best possible job of driving international demand to all of the hotels that we work with and making sure all of the customers we have around the world can participate in buying in that network.  So that has been I think a successful formula for us and as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, I think the opportunity for us to continue to do that is a very powerful and exciting opportunity. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney of Citigroup. 
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup:   Some quick follow-up questions -- any qualitative comments on the Agoda growth? I think you had in the past couple of quarters talked about triple digit growth -- anything there? And then on the European opportunity, any additional comments you want to make as to whether -- where you are in terms of thinking about selling products beyond hotels and overall about Internet advertising topics you’ve talked about in the past? I just want an update. Thanks a lot. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: Sure. Bob, why don’t you talk about Agoda?
Robert J. Mylod Jr.: Again, as you know, Mark, we don’t disclose Agoda separately. It’s part of our international gross bookings which as you can see were very strong during the quarter but I would also say qualitatively Agoda had a very good quarter despite the fact that they’ve been running into several headwinds, significant headwinds at least in terms of how it affects their business individually. They’ve had currency headwinds. They’ve had political instability in their home market, Thailand and they have also had probably a little bit more impact related to swine flu concerns than we’ve had in the United States. But despite all of that, they continue to grow at very significant double-digit rates and we are very happy with how they are doing so far. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: And with respect to other products in Europe, I think that we still are really not selling any other travel product seriously in Europe and our advertising revenue is de minimus to non-existent. We think that over time, advertising could be an opportunity but we are going to be very careful about that because we are experiencing a very nice unit growth rates and we don’t want to do anything that could interfere with that but it does represent a future opportunity.  With respect to selling other products in Europe or internationally, I think that’s certainly something that is within the range of things we might do in the future but it’s probably a little further off than advertising. 
Operator: I am showing no further questions, sir. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: Thank you all very much for participating in the call. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day. You may all disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-11 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeffery H. Boyd - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Daniel J. Finnegan - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer Robert J. Mylod Jr. - Vice Chairman of the Board, Head - Worldwide Strategy and Planning
Analysts: Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs Imran Khan - JP Morgan Kevin Crissey - UBS Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Imran Khan - JP Morgan Justin Post - Banc of America Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray
Operator: Welcome to Priceline's first quarter 2009 conference call. Priceline would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied, or forecast in any such forward-looking statements.  Expressions of future goals and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Priceline's actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements please refer to the Safe Harbor statement at the end of Priceline's earnings press release, as well as Priceline's most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Priceline undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.  A copy of Priceline's earnings press release, together with the company’s financial and statistical supplement, is available in the investor relations section of Priceline's website located at www.priceline.com.  As a reminder, this call is being recorded.  And now, I would like to turn the call over to your host, Priceline's speakers for this afternoon or today, Jeff Boyd and Dan Finnegan. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Jeffery H. Boyd: Thank you very much. It’s Jeff Boyd and welcome to Priceline's first quarter conference call. I am here with Priceline's Vice Chairman, Bob Mylod, and CFO Dan Finnegan. I will make some opening remarks, Dan will give a detailed financial review, and then I will sum up. After the prepared portion, we will take questions.  Priceline reported consolidated gross bookings for the first quarter of approximately $1.9 billion, up 10.5% year over year. Pro forma net income was $51.3 million, or $1.09 per share, versus $0.76 per share the prior year. First quarter results surpassed First Call consensus estimates of $0.91 per share and our guidance for the quarter.  Worldwide hotel room night sales were $12.8 million for the quarter, up 36% year over year. While the global economic environment remains challenging to say the least, we were pleased with the growth in unit sales and improved gross margins and operating margins we achieved, which allowed us to overcome the impact of significantly negative year-over-year pricing and currency trends.  Our international business performed well, with 24% gross bookings growth on a local currency basis, despite a substantial decline in hotel ADRs. International gross bookings benefited from geographic expansion, growth in hotel inventory, and growth in new markets.  Booking.com continued to build its supply platform worldwide with a hotel count that now exceeds 66,000 hotels in over 70 countries. Importantly, we continue to invest in the future, building in new markets outside of Europe, notwithstanding weakness in the global economy. We also continued to invest in distribution, increasing spend in our online channels and were able to drive demand growth with reasonable efficiency despite lower unit prices. Agoda is benefiting from substantial improvements to its direct hotel supply, website functionality, and infrastructure, which is helping drive impressive growth in the face of lower unit pricing and demand weakness tied to economic weakness and continued civil strife in Thailand, Agoda’s largest destination market.  Priceline's domestic gross bookings grew 18% in the first quarter. With strong growth in unit sales tempered by a significant year-over-year decrease in airline ticket and hotel pricing. Domestic merchant gross bookings, which include [opaque] services and retail merchant hotels, showed strong growth, which contributed to increased gross margins in the quarter. We continued to see attractive domestic unit growth rates which we believe were supported by consumer demand for travel deals in a weak economic setting, attractive supply from airlines and hotels using our services to supplement demand and protect yields, and effective marketing of our low-priced positioning in both opaque and retail markets.  We saw improved domestic operating margins in the quarter due to marketing efficiencies, despite an increase in spend, and good cost controls. Net income margin benefited from favorable below-the-line effects of our for-ex hedging program and lower cash tax rates due to better U.S. performance and EPS benefited from a lower year-over-year share count.  As many of you know, the online travel market has seen intense promotional activity this year. Priceline was the market leader in eliminating booking fees on retail airline tickets in 2007 and shopping retail hotel booking fees in 2008. Our competition has cut fees on a promotional basis this spring and all are matching, resulting in a material hit to our competitor’s profitability. We have been living with this fee structure for over a year and will not experience the same hit to our profitability since our domestic P&L is not substantially dependent on fee income from retail services.  If the fee reductions are made permanent by our competition, we expect a reduction over time in the domestic market share gains we have experienced, particularly in retail air, which has an impact on domestic gross bookings growth but where our earnings per transaction are quite modest.  Moreover, the savings available in our opaque services dramatically exceed the savings through reductions of processing fees. We do not expect these fee cuts, whether permanent or not, to have a material impact on our consolidated earnings and in fact the range of guidance that Dan is about to give for the second quarter will be the same regardless of whether or not the no-fee promotions are extended.  Our results are driven more by our international hotel and domestic opaque businesses, which we think continue to benefit from distinctive positioning in the market. Our U.S. brand stands for savings more generally and we believe can continue to benefit from the equity we have built in low-price positioning over the last several years.  Travel businesses are also dealing with the implications of an outbreak of swine flu in Mexico and the spread of the disease to other countries, including the United States. The short and long-term impact of this outbreak is not clear at this time. As with the SARS outbreak, we have seen a dramatic reduction in travel to destination subject to travel advisories, in this case, Mexico, but it remains to be seen whether there will be a more extensive and protracted reduction in travel or quarantines or other restrictions on travel mandated by public health officials.  In summary, despite the numerous macro challenges, the business performed well in the first quarter and I thank my colleagues around the world for their hard work and dedication. I will now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review. 
Daniel J. Finnegan:  Thanks, Jeff. I will discuss some of the highlights and operating results and cash flows for the quarter and then provide guidance for second quarter 2009. The headline for the quarter is that we continued to make significant market share gains and grow pro forma EBITDA and operating leverage. In an overall travel market that we believe experienced double-digit declines in hotel room occupancy and enplanements, we generated 36% growth in hotel room nights booked and a 28% increase in airline tickets sold.  These robust unit growth rates netted to an 11% increase in gross booking dollars after applying the adverse impact of lower average prices and currency exchange rates. Average daily rates, or ADRs, for our international hotel service were down by about 11% versus Q1 2008 and were down by about 10% for our domestic hotel service. Our first quarter guidance was based on an assumption that ADRs for our international hotel service would be down by 9% to 11% and that ADRs for our domestic hotel service would be down by 7% to 9%, so ADR decreases were at the worst end of the range for international hotels and dropped further than expected in the U.S.  FX rates were slightly favorable to the $1.26 per Euro and $1.43 per Pound that prevailed when we gave guidance in February. However, when comparing our results to the prior year, FX rates continued to be a significant headwind. Specifically, the average exchange rates for the Euro and the Pound were down 13% and 27% respectively in Q1 2009 versus Q1 2008.  In general, the strong growth in unit volumes resulted in performance that exceeded the top end of our range of guidance in every metric from gross bookings to EPS. Gross profit was $208 million and grew 15% as compared to prior year. Our domestic business generated gross profit of $94 million, which represented a 21% growth rate versus prior year. Gross profit for our international operations amounted to $114 million and grew by 10%. Operating expenses were generally in line with guidance. On a year-over-year basis, we increased operating expenses by 13%, as we continue to invest in marketing, people, and new offices to support the growth of our business. Other income came in at $100,000 versus our guidance of approximately $1.3 million. The variance is due primarily to lower-than-forecasted FX hedging gains resulting from the aforementioned weaker than forecasted dollar.  In summary, the over-performance in bookings and gross profit, together with continued strong expense management, resulted in pro forma EBITDA for Q1 of $64 million, which is well in excess of our forecast of $50 million to $55 million, and represents 33.5% growth versus prior year. We were pleased to achieve this profit over-performance and to further increase our operating leverage while increasing total advertising and support of our brands by 13% and to an even large degree on a local currency basis. The quarter was also positive from a cash flow perspective.  During first quarter 2009, we generated approximately $74 million of cash from operations, which is a 71% increase versus prior year.  We spent about $3 million on CapEx in the quarter and repaid about $21 million principal amount of convertible debt, bringing us to an outstanding debt balance of $372 million at quarter end. This leaves us at quarter end with a cash and marketable securities balance that is about $125 million in excess of our outstanding debt balance. Additionally, we have a $175 million revolving credit facility that is undrawn and doesn’t expire until September 2012.  As we have highlighted in the past, our fully diluted share count, particularly as it relates to equivalent shares outstanding for our convertible debt, tends to vary based upon our average stock price. We include equivalent shares in our fully diluted share count for the theoretical number of shares that would be issued if our outstanding convertible notes were actually converted.  The higher our average share price is, the more shares that would be issued upon conversion. With our stock trading at lower prices over the last several months versus the first quarter of 2008, our diluted share count has fallen, thereby providing a favorable share count comparable in Q1 2009 versus prior year.  And now for second quarter guidance -- we are forecasting total second quarter gross bookings to amount to approximately $2.1 billion to $2.15 billion, with domestic gross bookings growing by approximately 5%. We expect international gross bookings expressed in U.S. dollars to come in about the same as last year and to grow on a local currency basis by approximately 15%.  We expect our bookings growth rate versus prior year to continue to be negatively impacted by significant decreases in ADRs. Our second quarter guidance is based on an assumption that ADRs for our international hotel service will be down by 9% to 11%, and that ADRs for our domestic hotel service will be down by 11% to 13% and that airline ticket prices will be down even more substantially.  We expect our international growth rate to also be adversely impacted by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Our forecast assumes that exchange rates remain at the same $1.36 per Euro and $1.52 per British Pound -- that’s Friday’s closing rates. At or near these exchange rates, FX will continue to present a significant headwind throughout the second and third quarters of 2009, as the average rates for the comparable quarters of 2008 were much stronger from a Euro and Pound perspective.  We have hedged contracts in place to substantially shield our second quarter net earnings from FX impact but these hedges do not offset the impact of translation on our gross bookings, revenue, and gross profit.  Although ADR decreases and FX rate fluctuations continued to hamper our growth expressed in U.S. dollars, our guidance assumes that room night growth will exceed gross bookings growth as we continue to experience organic growth and market share gains.  We believe that the market share gains we have realized and hope to realize in Q2 will position us to participate to a larger degree than in the past when economic conditions finally improve, whenever that may be, and fundamental travel demand and pricing begin to increase again.  We expect revenue and gross profit dollars to grow by approximately 8% to 13% on a year-over-year basis. As for Q2 operating expenses, we are targeting consolidated advertising expenses of approximately $95 million to $100 million, with approximately 90% of that amount being spent on online advertising. We expect sales and marketing expense of between $23.5 million and $24.5 million. We expect personnel costs excluding stock-based compensation to come in between $33 million and $34 million. We expect G&A expenses of approximately $14.5 million to $15.5 million. We expect information technology costs of approximately $5 million and depreciation and amortization expense excluding acquisition amortization of approximately $4 million.  We expect total below-the-line negative impact of approximately $3 million, which is comprised primarily of foreign exchange hedging expense and net interest expense.  We are targeting pro forma EBITDA of between $102 million and $112 million, and we are targeting pro forma fully diluted EPS of approximately $1.65 to $1.75 per share, which represents 10% growth year over year at the midpoint.  Our pro forma EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax of approximately $19.5 million to $20.5 million, comprised of international income tax expenses and alternative minimum tax in the U.S.  Our pro forma EPS guidance is based upon a pro forma fully diluted share count of approximately 48.8 million shares, which is based on Friday night’s closing stock price of $104.90 per share. This is lower than our share count of 50.5 million in Q2 2008 due to the convertible note dynamics that I just discussed.  As for expected GAAP results, we expect to report a GAAP EPS of $1.03 to $1.13 per share. The difference between our GAAP and pro forma results is driven by pro forma adjustments to exclude acquisition related amortization, stock-based compensation, and certain income tax expenses, all of which are non-cash in nature, to arrive at pro forma earnings.  In addition, we adopted FASB stat position APB 14-2 on January 1, 2009, on a retrospective basis. Therefore, our GAAP results for Q1 2009 and 2008 include non-cash interest expense for amortization of debt discounts and in 2009, include a non-cash gain related to debt conversions. We have excluded these non-cash items for pro forma purposes.  The impact of the FSP on our GAAP results is summarized in our press release and in our 10-Q. Lastly, as of January 1, 2009, we ceased making a pro forma adjustment to exclude payroll taxes related to stock-based compensation due to the relative insignificance of the expense to our earnings. Our guidance assumes that macroeconomic conditions in general and conditions in the consumer travel market in particular remain relatively unchanged and that the impact of the swine flu outbreak on travel does not worsen. Given the current macroeconomic conditions, we are not providing earnings guidance beyond the second quarter and emphasize that actual performance during the second quarter against our guidance is subject to greater variability than in the past.  I will now turn the call back over to Jeff for some closing comments. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: Thanks, Dan. Businesses continue to cope with a global financial crisis and recessionary conditions more severe than any previously experienced by the current generation of government and business leadership. While there is no doubt that the downturn slowed priceline.com’s growth, I believe our performance in the face of these conditions also underscores the strength of our business and brands, the value of the services we provide to suppliers and consumers, and the potential of our businesses to prosper when economic conditions improve.  We believe positive factors impacting our business have, to a degree, helped to overcome the negative impact of the economic downturn on the travel business. For example, our international business has benefited from substantial increases in hotel supply and geographic reach and from growing Internet usage and commerce in developing markets beyond the relatively mature U.S. and Western European markets.  Our worldwide hotel business has also benefited from substantial investments in marketing and brand-building, while many of our competitors are cutting costs and reducing marketing spend.  We also believe our brands resonate well with consumers seeking value in tough economic times and that we benefit from the scale we have achieved in global hotel sales. These forces have helped deliver top-line and earnings growth in a daunting environment and we believe they will continue to propel the business when business conditions improve and as we anniversary later this year the deterioration in demand, unit pricing, and currency translation we experienced late last year.  We will now take your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Vance Edelson from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. 
Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley : Hi, thanks a lot. One question -- with your competitors acting more aggressive, is there anything that you need to do in reaction? Would you say you sound fairly confident that the business plan is solid enough that it is going to do just fine in the face of more aggressive tactics on the part of your competitor? So any steps you are taking in response? Thanks. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: I think my comment there would be to say that our business has always been heavily focused on promotions, especially as you get into the spring and summer peak travel periods, so even though processing fee reductions is the promotion of the day, there are always a lot of things going on and you’ve seen us promote our opaque services with coupons. You’ve seen us promote price protection on airline tickets and vacation packages for the spring period, so we will continue to respond with promotional activity but I think the most important point for us is that things like a free hotel room night every 10 days or cutting the processing fee still very much pale in comparison to the savings of 40% or 50% that you can achieve booking a name-your-own-price hotel room on Priceline.com and we have been very aggressive in marketing that advantage and successfully so based on the numbers we reported in the first quarter. 
Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley : Okay, so you don’t have to get anymore aggressive with the marketing expense to fend off the competition?
Jeffery H. Boyd: I mean, look, our marketing expense is up fairly significantly in the first quarter while the two public companies that report have substantially reduced their marketing spend, so I don’t see a need for us to be anymore comparatively aggressive than we are right now. 
Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley : Okay, that’s great. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jennifer Watson from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 
Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you. Obviously the international bookings growth was extremely strong when you exclude the FX impact compared, particularly compared to Q4. It really slowed down very modestly. Can you talk about what’s driving the bigger deceleration in 2Q versus 1Q and does it have to do with the fact that I think some of your competitors stated that Europe really experienced the brunt of their marketing cut-backs in Q1. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: I think the principal drivers of the decelerating growth rate is still ADRs and FX year over year. We have seen pretty good transaction and room night growth momentum in the business and if you look at the room night growth that we’ve reported quarter over quarter sequentially, it’s pretty good. 
Robert J. Mylod Jr.: We grew hotel room nights 38% in Q4 and 36.4% in Q1, so in fact actually our unit growth rates were very strong actually on a sequentially basis. 
Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs: Right. I was just wondering if there were any different dynamics that you were expecting in Q2, given the expectation that international bookings would grow 15% on a constant currency basis, after growing 23.5% and about 27% in Q4, and Q1. So just -- it seems like the rate of deceleration increases a little bit, even though ADRs are still declining at around the 11% range. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: I think that ADRs are at the high-end of the range we gave in the first quarter in terms of deterioration and that’s something that we are going to experience for the full quarter versus the first quarter, so that will be one point I would make. 
Daniel J. Finnegan: And I would also say again, Jen, the two numbers there, ADR plus currency, are not additive. They have a multiplicative effect on each other, so again while we are not giving specific unit growth rates for hotel room nights in Europe, I guess what we are looking at is very, very modest sequential decrease in room nights sold in Q2. So really sort of the ongoing trend that you’ve been seeing of sort of law of big numbers not allowing us to grow room nights at 40%, 50%, 60% -- you know, our view is that the room night growth that we expect to see outside of the United States in Q2 is going to be very strong and quite market leading. 
Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Imran Khan from JP Morgan. 
Imran Khan - JP Morgan: Yes, hi, thank you for taking my questions -- quickly, take us through the international growth. Jeff, you talked about that newer markets are growing strongly. Can you help us get some sense, like how much is your growth in international markets coming from newer markets? Thank you. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: I think, Imran, as far as I want to go on that is that the newer markets continue to grow at faster rates than the core Western European markets and that’s been part of our strategy for the last three or four years, is to plant the seeds and start to harvest those higher growth rates, and that strategy continues to play out for us, despite a bad economy. But I don’t want to get into regional growth rates or growth rates by country. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Crissey from UBS. 
Kevin Crissey - UBS : Thank you. I just wanted a question on kind of whether the booking curve has compressed -- a lot of the airlines have talked about seeing a much-compressed booking curve. I am wondering if you are seeing that and also whether airfare sales, how far out they are. They are further out than last year, at least. I wanted to see if you could comment on those two things. Thanks. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: I think with respect to booking curves, the online travel agents generally have a lot more last minute business than the airlines see directly in their own res system, so we have a very significant proportion of our business that’s being booked in the last couple of weeks and that’s true on the hotel side and in Europe as well. I don’t have a comment to make as to whether those booking curves are compressed or not.  In terms of fare sales, we have seen them. Our airline ticket pricing is down very significantly and I think the airlines have basically decided to try to maintain their load factors throughout the summer and they will do what they need to do from a pricing perspective to do that, which is why we continue to expect low prices based on year-over-year comps on the airline ticket side. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney from Citigroup.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: Two questions, please -- first, there seems to have been an acceleration in some of your competitors’ metrics post their fee cuts or fee reductions -- any thoughts you have on what sort of shifts are happening in the market place, and particularly whether there is an accelerated shift away from direct suppliers towards OTAs as a group? And then secondly, anymore comments on Agoda? You mentioned seeing some nice growth there. Any particular markets you can call out or quantify, the bookings level for Agoda? Thank you very much. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: Sure, Mark. On the share shift, if you look at the numbers that we are reporting and you are looking at our guidance and my comments said that we do expect to see a reduction in the market share gains that we have enjoyed on the airline ticket side of the business and there’s -- our competition has absolutely reported that they have seen growth in their airline ticket business since they went to no-fee.  If you look at the size of their business compared to ours, I think that the only way that they can report those kinds of numbers is if they are taking a little bit of share from the supplier sides, because our airline ticket business is just not big enough for us to provide that level of share capture to our competition. So I don’t have any firm data on supplier versus OTA share but it just seems to from the numbers that they have reported, it’s got to be coming from other channels besides other OTAs.  On the Agoda front, their business continues to do very well. Remember, it’s a small business so achieving good growth rates is a little bit easier but they are still in very attractive markets. They are benefiting from improving their hotel supply but they are also benefiting from improvements in their offering. They have a lot more dynamically bookable inventory. I mentioned in previous calls the work they did last year to improve their platform, improve the hotel supply and make sure that it was directly bookable would really help conversion and that’s playing out. 
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: Thank you, Jeff. 
Operator: We have a follow-up question from Imran Khan from JP Morgan.
Imran Khan - JP Morgan: A quick question, Jeff -- I think some people could argue that your opaque business benefited by the economic downturn because of increased -- because of decreased occupancy rate. As many people are talking about the stabilization of the economy, maybe looking forward if the economy improves, do you think that your name-your-price business could have significant headwind growing the business? Thank you. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: Imran, I think if you look at our historical merchant results that we’ve been reporting, you will see that that business did consistently well in good economic times and I think you have some offsetting factors, so if economic conditions improve, that means pricing will go up, which is a tailwind for the business. And it also means that consumer demand will go up which, in general, which is also a tailwind for our business.  On the other hand, maybe our supply won’t be as compelling but as you can see by the numbers we’ve been reporting on that segment for the last couple of years, on the hotel side in particular, there’s always plenty of vacancies -- occupancy factors are good at 65%. Big city hotels that cater to the business traveler during the week have room for leisure travelers on the weekends, so we think they will be -- we certainly would prefer to have better economic times. We have consistently said we would rather be in a strong demand environment than a weakened demand environment and we continue to believe that. 
Imran Khan - JP Morgan: Thank you very much. 
Operator: We have a question on then line from Justin Post from Banc of America. 
Justin Post - Banc of America: Thank you. Two questions -- first, we did see a lot of ad spending cuts over at your competitors and your number was somewhat in line. Did you take the advantage of maybe doing some more brand building in search or offline marketing in the quarter? And then secondly, as you look out maybe a year when the ADR pressure and currency pressure maybe normalizes, would you expect to see the relative volumes that you are getting maybe slow down a bit, or do you think you will still see the kind of volumes you are getting now, or maybe even an improvement there? Or do you think you are benefiting on the volume side from some of the economic conditions right now? Thanks. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: Okay, Justin, on the first question, we have not done anything differently in terms of the way we think about our marketing spend. We haven’t spent more on branding or changed our approach. We have continued to look for the kinds of efficiencies that we have been looking for over the last couple of years. It can be a little bit more challenging because our unit economics are down and that affects your marketing efficiency but we haven’t changed our approach on that front.  On the question about the business going out a year, if your assumption is that ADRs are going up, the only thing that’s going to make that happen is a real improvement in basic hotel demand and I think we ultimately will be a significant beneficiary of that improvement, so I wouldn’t expect that sort of turn in conditions to be a negative for us. I would expect it to be a positive. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Olson from Piper Jaffray. Your line is open. 
Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray : Thanks -- just a follow-up, actually, from that last one -- so you’ve talked about these better domestic operating margins due to marketing efficiencies. Is there anymore detail you can give on just what are the factors that go into the increased marketing efficiencies? And is there any reason to expect that those factors will change over the next couple of quarters?
Jeffery H. Boyd: You know, I think the basic elements are unit pricing and conversion -- and unit pricing has been weak year over year but we’ve been able to deliver good efficiencies, notwithstanding that, and conversion is something that we work to improve every day in the business and we will keep working to improve it. So I don’t -- I wouldn’t want to get into a discussion of some of the other drivers and in particular, media costs. But I think the things that we focused most on was to make sure we’ve got good unit economics compared to the rest of the marketplace and that we are able to convert the business more efficiently than our competition. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Please continue. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: Okay. Thank you all very much for participating in the call. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-19 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeffrey H. Boyd – President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Daniel J. Finnegan – Chief Financial Officer & Chief Accounting Officer Robert J. Mylod, Jr. – Vice Chairman of the Board & Head Worldwide Strategy and Planning
Analysts: Scott Barry – Credit Suisse Analyst for Scott Hamann – Keybanc Capital Markets [Unidentified Analyst] Mark Mahaney – Citigroup Michael Olson – Piper Jaffray Jennifer Watson – Goldman Sachs Imran Khan – J. P. Morgan Justin Post – Bank of America Merrill Lynch [Unidentified Analyst – Morgan Stanley]  
Operator:  Welcome to Priceline’s fourth quarter 2008 conference call. Priceline would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performances and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expression or future goals and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Priceline’s actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of Priceline’s earning press release as well as Priceline’s most recent filings with the Securities & Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Priceline undertakes no obligation to update publically any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Priceline’s earnings press release together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement is available in the investor relations section of Priceline’s website located at www.Priceline.com.  Now, I’d like to introduce Priceline’s speakers for this afternoon Jeff Boyd and Dan Finnegan. 
Jeffrey H. Boyd : Welcome to Priceline’s fourth quarter conference call. I’m here with Priceline’s Vice Chairman Bob Mylod and CFO Dan Finnegan. I will make some opening remarks, Dan will give a detailed financial review and then I will sum up. After the prepared portion we will take some questions. Priceline reported consolidated gross bookings for the fourth quarter of approximately $1.5 billion up 23% year-over-year. Pro forma net income was $58 million or $1.29 per share up 34% versus prior year. Fourth quarter results surpassed first call consensus estimates of $1.05 per share and our guidance for the quarter.  Given the extremely difficult global economic environment that existed throughout the quarter we were especially pleased with the demand growth we achieved which allowed us to overcome the impact of significantly negative pricing and currency trends. For the full year Priceline reported gross bookings of $7.4 billion up 53% from 2007 and pro form net income of $5.96 a share, a 48% increase over 2007. Our international business had a good quarter with 28% gross bookings growth on a local currency basis despite a substantial decline in hotel average daily rates. International gross bookings benefited from growth in new markets and results from Agoda, the Asia hotel reservation business we acquired in November, 2007 which added gross bookings of $37 million in the quarter.  Agoda was able to achieve good growth rates despite a weakening Asian economy and civil unrest in Thailand which materially dampened fourth quarter travel demand in Agoda’s largest destination market. Booking.com continued to build its supply platform worldwide with a hotel count that now exceeds 60,000 hotels in over 70 countries. We also continue to invest in distribution in all of our online channels and recently announced an agreement to provide hotel booking services to Ryanair, one of Europe’s largest low fare airlines. Agoda has made substantial improvements to its direct hotel supply, website functionality and infrastructure which should help with conversion and brand building in 2009.  We continue to work on sharing supply, customers and best practices among our brands. Priceline’s domestic gross bookings grew 31% in the fourth quarter due to growth in sales of opaque and retail airline tickets, hotel room nights, rental car days and vacation packages. Domestic merchant gross bookings which includes opaque services and retail merchant hotels grew 20%.  We continue to see attractive domestic unit growth rates which we believe are supported by consumer demand for travel deals in a weak economic setting, attractive supply from airlines and hotels using our service to round out demand and protect yield and effective marketing of our low price positioning in both opaque and retail markets. With two new commercials, the negotiator ad campaign continues to provide a versatile platform for effectively communication our value proposition and strengthening our brand. In summary, the business performed well in the fourth quarter under difficult circumstances and I commend my colleagues around the world for their focus and execution. I will now turn the call over to Dan for the detailed financial review.
Daniel J. Finnegan : I’ll discuss some of the highlights in operating results and cash flows for the quarter and then provide guidance for first quarter 2009. On our last earnings call we gave guidance for Q4 that assumed the weak trends we saw in September and October would worsen in November and December. We also pointed out that there was a significantly greater standard deviation in our Q4 guidance with respect to possible upside and downside as compared to prior quarters. Fortunately, as you can see in our results, the variances were more to the upside with every metric from gross bookings to EPS coming in solidly above the high end of our range of guidance. As we’ve discussed on previous earnings calls, our business results are heavily influenced by movements in the average selling price of hotel rooms.  Our fourth quarter guidance was based on an assumption that ADRs for our international hotel service would be down by 5% to 6% in the fourth quarter and that ADRs for our domestic hotel service would be down by 3% to 4%. In both the domestic and international market ADRs decreased throughout the quarter to a larger decree than we had assumed. International ADRs were down during the quarter by over 7% versus a year ago and ADRs for our domestic hotel service were down over 5% compared to prior year. In addition to ADRs the other significant variable that influences our business is foreign currency exchange rates. When we gave guidance on our November 6th call, the Euro was translating in to $1.29 and the Pound Sterling was translating in to $1.59. As the quarter unfolded we sale divergence in the trend for the Pound and the Euro. The Euro strengthened versus the dollar and averaged about $1.32 over the intervening period while the Pound continued to weaken to an average rate of about $1.50 for the remainder of the quarter. Since a much larger portion of our international earnings are Euro denominated these fluctuations provided some overall favorability versus the exchange rates we used when providing guidance. Therefore, fx rates were a small positive factor that partly contributed to our over performance versus guidance. That said, Q4 fx rates as compared to the prior year represented a headwind that also continues to affect current results specifically the average exchange rates for the Euro and the Pound were down 10% and 23% respectively in Q4. Now, with that back drop I’ll discuss some P&L line items. Gross profit was $205 million and grew 28% as compared to prior year. Our domestic business generated gross profit of $78 million which represented a 33% growth rate versus prior year. Gross profit for our international operations amounted to $127 million and grew by 25%. Excluding the negative impact of fx rates international gross profit would have grown by 45%.  Operating expenses for the most part came in somewhat above guidance as a result of our over performance in bookings and profit and also due to fx rates. Online advertising as well as sales and marketing expenses in particular vary in relation to bookings. Our sales and marketing line also includes bad debt expense. We increased our bad debt provisions in the fourth quarter in response to slower payment of agency commissions by international hotels and concern over the potential impact that the worldwide recession and lack of available credit could have on the financial health of our hotel partners and their ability to pay the commissions due to us.  Pro forma personnel expense of $30.5 million for the fourth quarter exceeded our guidance range of $28 to $29 million mainly due to fx rates and an increase in bonus accruals resulting from EBTIDA over performance. Our other operating expenses were generally in line with guidance. Lastly, other income came in at $4.3 million mainly due to fx hedging and transaction gains. In summary, pro forma EBITDA for Q4 was $76 million well in excess of our forecast of $60 to $66 million and representing 31.4% growth versus prior year. Importantly, these results represented a further increase in our operating leverage.  Although I won’t review our full year P&L I wanted to take a moment to highlight that for full year 2008 our pro forma EBTIDA grew by 68% to $378 million which also represented a healthy expansion in EBITDA margin. To put the rapid growth and margin expansion we have experienced in perspective, our 2008 full year pro forma EBITDA of $378 million is not far shy of the $401 million of gross profit that we generated for the full year of 2006. These strong EBITDA results translated in to positive results in our cash flows as well. During fourth quarter 2008 we generated approximately $80 million of cash from operations which is a 21% increase versus prior year. We spent about $5 million on cap ex in the quarter and repaid about $75 million principal amount of convertible debt bringing us to an outstanding debt balance of $393 million at yearend. This leaves us at yearend with a cash and marketable securities balance that is about $70 million in excess of our outstanding debt balance. Additionally, we have a $175 million revolving credit facility that is undrawn and it doesn’t expire until September, 2011. Therefore, we enter 2009 with what we believe to be a strong balance sheet, good cash flow prospects and plenty of flexibility from a liquidity perspective.  Early conversion activity with respect to our outstanding convertible bonds has slowed from what we saw during that last four months of 2008. That said, we have received conversion notices for $8 million principal amount of convertible debt which will be settled in Q1 2009. As most of you know, in recent years our stock traded at increasing levels that were well in excess of the stated conversion prices for our bonds. As a result, our diluted share count rose to levels exceeding 50 million shares. With our stock trading down significantly over the last several months versus the first half of 2008 we are now witnessing the opposite effect namely that our diluted share count has fallen along with our stock price thereby providing a favorable share count comparable in Q4 2008 versus 2007 and in Q1 2009 versus the comparable 2008 period. Now, for first quarter guidance and just a reminder as we indicated on our November earnings call we will only provide guidance at this time for first quarter gross bookings to grow by approximately zero to 7.5% on a year-over-year basis with domestic gross bookings growing by approximately 15%. We expect international gross bookings expressed in US dollars to come in anywhere from flat to down 7.5% versus last year’s first quarter level and to grow on a local currency basis by approximately 8% to 16%.  This growth rate continues a pattern of year-over-year growth rate declines that we saw for each quarter of 2008. The decline in growth rate is more pronounced due to the impact of deteriorating ADRs. But, keep in mind that room night growth exceeds gross bookings growth as we continue to share organic and market share gains.  We expect revenue to grow by approximately 5% to 10% on a year-over-year basis and we expect gross profit dollars to grow by approximately 5% to 10% on a year-over-year basis. As for Q1 operating expenses we are targeting targeted advertising expenses of approximately $74 to $78 million with approximately 85% of that amount being spent on online advertising. We expect sales and marketing expense of between $18.5 and $19.5 million.  We expect personnel costs including stock-based compensation to come in between $30 and $31 million. We expect G&A expenses of approximately [inaudible] to $15.5 million. We expect information technology costs of approximately $5 million and depreciation and amortization expense excluding acquisition amortization of approximately $4 million. We expect total below the line positive impact of approximately $1.3 million which is comprised primarily of foreign exchange hedging income. We are targeting pro forma EBITDA of between $50 and $55 million and we are targeting pro forma EPS of approximately $0.85 to $0.95 per share which represents 19% growth year-over-year at the midpoint. Our pro forma EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax of approximately $6.5 to $7 million comprised of international income taxes and alternative minimum tax in the United States. Our pro forma EPS guidance is based upon a pro forma diluted share count of approximately 46.7 million shares which is based on last night’s closing stock price of $68.87 per share. This is a substantially lower share count of our share count of 49.4 million in Q1 2008 due to the convertible note dynamics that I just discussed. As for expected GAAP results we expect to report a GAAP EPS of $0.28 to $0.38 per share. The difference between our GAAP and pro forma results will be driven by our usual pro forma adjustments whereby we exclude acquisition amortization stock-based compensation and certain income tax expenses all of which are non-cash in nature to arrive at pro forma earnings. In addition, starting January 1, 2009 we will have a new significant adjustment to exclude non-cash interest expense resulting from the adoption of FASB Staff Position AB14-1. We’ve discussed this accounting change at length on our previous earnings calls and in our public filings so I don’t intend to go over it again on this call but to very quickly summarize the new rule requires us to assign additional interest expense to our convertible notes. The expense is non-cash in nature and does not impact historical or future cash flows. Accordingly as we mentioned before we intend to eliminate the effect of the FSP from our pro forma operating results. The GAAP impact of the FSP on our historical results is summarized in our press release and in our 10K.  Our fore cast assumes that the Euro versus the dollar exchange rate remains at the same $1.26 per Euro as last night’s closing rate. It also assumes that there is no material change in the fx relationship between the Pound and the Euro. At or near this exchange rate fx will continue to present a significant headwind throughout the first three quarters of 2009 as the average rate for the comparable quarters of 2008 were much stronger from a Euro perspective. We have hedge contracts in place to substantially shield our first quarter net earnings from fx impact. Beyond first quarter we don’t have significant hedges currently in place and our earnings for subsequent periods will therefore be impacted by changes in foreign currency rates.  Our first quarter guidance is also based on an assumption that ADRs for international hotel service will be down by 9% to 11% and that ADRs for our domestic hotel service will be down by 7% to 9%. I’ll now turn the call back over to Jeff for some closing comments.
Jeffrey H. Boyd : When we reported third quarter results we cautioned that deteriorating global economic conditions were negatively impacting travel demand, hotel average daily rates and cancellations. The macro environment has worsened since then and airlines and hotel operators are experiencing double digit year-over-year declines in demand and pricing foreshadowing a difficult revenue environment for the balance of the year and the likely necessity for some suppliers of expense reductions and other restructuring steps. There also remains significant uncertainty with respect to the balance sheets and stability of international financial institutions and governmental intervention to date and as proposed has not yet restored confidence to pre-crisis levels. Many other industries are announcing layoffs in the face of weak demand and all of these developments weigh on consumer sentiment.  In short, we are perilous economic times and businesses, including ours, have a very limited ability to forecast even short term operating results. Through this time period our goal has been to pursue unit and local currency bookings growth in all our key markets and maintain operating margins while continuing to build our brands and expand the international hotel platform. I believe we have performed well against this goal so far however, hotel ADRs in the United States and Europe have continued a dramatic decline which pressures gross bookings growth rates and margins as lower per unit profit hurts marketing ROIs. In addition, the weakening Euro pressures consolidated margins by reducing the contribution that our higher margin international business makes to our dollar denominated profits. On the other hand we have been pleased with the unit growth shown in our domestic and international businesses. Growth of 38% in global hotel room night sales in the fourth quarter given market conditions is evidence, we believe, of the strong brand positioning, content and supply our businesses enjoy. Ultimately, this growth represents growth in new customers, growing awareness and growing market share and builds long term shareholder value. While there is little we can do to change industry pricing and currency exchange rates we will work hard to maintain the moment we have in unit sales and manage our expenses in an effort to deliver both market share gains and industry leading operating results.  We will now take your questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Scott Barry – Credit Suisse.
Scott Barry – Credit Suisse: Bob or Jeff could you just frame for us how the Ryanair agreement fits in in terms of your distribution strategy? Then maybe you can touch on what you’re seeing in terms of direct distribution and repeat frequency?
Jeffrey H. Boyd : With respect to Ryanair affiliates have always been an important part of our distribution strategy both here and internationally and in particular branded distribution and travel branded distribution is good especially with an airline of the size and brand and quality of Ryanair. So, they’re always attractive transaction if the economic terms are right and the presentation is right and we think we’ve got a very good deal and transaction that fits well with what Ryanair is looking for in terms of a hotel booking service and fits well for us. So, we’re very happy to have that business and we have very strong inventory in Ryanair city [inaudible] so it’s really a good fit.  With respect to the balance of distribution, we’ve said on prior calls that we remain very happy and this thought applies both in the United States and Europe with the direct business that we’re getting, with the momentum in the direct business we get, we think it’s evidence of the strengthening of our brand. We do it in different ways here in the United States, we have a lot of offline branding but we’re getting the same kind of dynamics in Europe as our online branding work and the great work that the team is doing on web presentation, the inventory and the service is really driving customers to come back to the website. We don’t publish or give out any numbers with respect to that kind of performance but we’re happy with what we’re seeing in the direct channel and we’re happy with what we’re seeing in terms of repeat business and I think that’s one of the reasons why you’ve seen what at least in our opinion are pretty good unit growth metrics that underlay the results we announced today.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Analyst for Scott Hamann – Keybanc Capital Markets.
Analyst for Scott Hamann – Keybanc Capital Markets: In terms of your cost structure of fixed versus variable could you talk about how much flexibility you have as to maintaining margins and maybe outline some things that you can work on specifically?
Jeffrey H. Boyd : I think the most important point to keep in mind there is that our largest variable cost is marketing, online marketing in particular and that’s really driven by transaction growth. So, as transaction growth grows that expense grows, if transaction growth slows down, that expense slows down so there is an element of self correction in the income statement for changes in the business volume.
Analyst for Scott Hamann – Keybanc Capital Markets: Are there any specific items though that you could outline?
Robert J. Mylod, Jr. : Maybe I could take a crack at answering your question. Obviously, there are several lines items that are more fixed in nature, the biggest ones being the offline advertising expenditures as well as the personnel costs. I think in both of those line items at least for now as Jeff mentioned, the fourth quarter results demonstrated 38% growth in hotel room nights. So, we view this as an opportunity to try and get our message out to more consumers so we’re going to continue to spend money at least for right now, that’s our view is that we’re going to invest our money in marketing to try and grow our addressable market. You probably saw that we ran an advertisement during the Super Bowl which was representative of our desire to do that. As for personnel, again our view is that there’s plenty of places left on this planet for us to bring the Booking.com brand, the Priceline brand, the Agoda brand and so we continue to be opening offices in new cities and hiring people. Again, therefore you should expect to see that line item continue to go up and obviously Dan’s guidance for personnel expenses is reflective of that.
Daniel J. Finnegan : I guess we could just point out there too Bob that the variable elements there would be in the personnel line bonus so if earnings decline bonus would go down and on the offline advertising not a lot of money is committed upfront so there’s some variability there although we wouldn’t intend to cut that back.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Unidentified Analyst].
[Unidentified Analyst]: When I look at the airlines sequentially demand seems to be decent through maybe half way in to October and then fell off significantly and then it seemed like for carriers if you looked at like a Jet Blue or Southwest they held up through kind of the January travel period but February and March they’re seeing much more weakness. In your guidance of 15% domestic growth bookings growth in the face of that seems exceptional. Can you talk about what kind of sequential trends you’re seeing in terms of bookings maybe on a monthly pattern basis?
Jeffrey H. Boyd : We typically are reluctant to get in to shorter time periods than quarters although, I can talk a little bit about some of the trends that you mentioned. One of the things that’s happening in travel in general and I think to the airlines in particular is that they’re starting to suffer a little bit more from a downturn in business travel and that’s driven by corporate austerity but it’s also driven by what I’ll call the tone of the times that is actually pushing back against some incentive trips and business travel to resort destinations. I think some of the numbers that are being reported by the airlines are indicative of that kind of trend as well. Those business trends typically won’t affect us as much and I think we can run a little bit counter to some of those trends because of our value brand. Customers come to Priceline to look for no fee airline tickets to look for deeply discounted opaque products and I think that has helped our demand, it certainly helped it in the fourth quarter and implicit in our guidance is an expectation that that trend will continue as well.
[Unidentified Analyst]: So when I look at the opaque brand, to me that strikes me kind of more the larger competitive advantage in this environment. When you think about domestic up 15% is certainly the bulk of that is coming from the opaque? To what extent do you view the differential coming from opaque versus more a visible market?
Jeffrey H. Boyd : Keep in mind that our pricing for retail airline tickets tends to be lower than other online travel agencies because we don’t charge a processing fee. We’ve seen pretty good momentum not only in our opaque business but in the retail business as well.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mark Mahaney – Citigroup.
Mark Mahaney – Citigroup: Jeff, I wanted to ask a broad strategic question, let me give this a shot, you have a balanced offering in terms of a deep value offering in the US and much more of a somewhat typical agency offering internationally. Over the next 12 months of however long it takes us to work through this recession is that the opportunity for you to balance out each of those offerings i.e. develop more of a value offering in international markets and develop more of a traditional agency offering in the US markets in order to counter what’s going to be as we come out of a recession perhaps a fall off in the demand growth that you’ve seen recently?
Jeffrey H. Boyd : I think with respect to the US market we consider Priceline’s offering to be very well balanced. If you look at the mix of domestic business versus our total merchant business you can see that the retail business that we write on Priceline.com and the agency business is getting to be a very, very big part of the total picture. As I mentioned in answering the previous question, we’ve got good, good growth momentum in both of those segments here. The question as to whether we change the offering in Europe to more balance it towards the value end of the spectrum, we always look at the product there as being value driven. Our effort is to have the best prices and availability and the most destinations and having the best prices we think gives us an appeal to value driven customers. I wouldn’t exclude the possibility that at some point in time we would try and do a discounted offering in some international geographies but I wouldn’t hold it out at this point in time as being central to what we’re going to be doing over the next 12 months. The other comment that I would make is I think we would happily trade better economic times if the cost of that was a rebalancing of the demand more towards traditional retail products. If you look at how our businesses have performed over the last couple of years, we did extremely well when the travel economy was doing very well and we’ve always said and continue to say that we think the benefit that we would get in terms of increased consumer demand out outstrip the down turn in the value consumer here in the United States.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Michael Olson – Piper Jaffray.
Michael Olson – Piper Jaffray: You said your supplier base for Booking.com grew 47% I think in the quarter. What kind of range should we expect over the next few quarters and have you seen any competitive changes in Europe in the last few months?
Jeffrey H. Boyd : We don’t provide projections in terms of the specific growth in hotels that we’re looking for but suffice it to say that we continue to work to not only expand the geographies where we’re offering our services but also the hotels and the geography where we have been working. So, we’re still investing in building the hotel supply all around the world and you can expect that to continue.
Michael Olson – Piper Jaffray: Just on competition, any changes in competition in Europe in the last two months?
Robert J. Mylod, Jr. : No, I would say it’s been relatively static.
Jeffrey H. Boyd : As you are all aware Expedia purchased Venere which is the Rome based online travel business, hotel business. That happened I think in the third quarter. That’s the only thing of note which I think has been out there for a while.
Michael Olson – Piper Jaffray: Let me try one other, just a question about visibility, can you give us any sort of flavor what the average time before travel that you see customers booking their travel?
Robert J. Mylod, Jr. : We haven’t disclosed advanced purchase but what we can say is not surprisingly given the nature of all our products it’s a fairly short window. So, we can’t sit here in the middle of February today and say we know that the rest of the quarter is sort of fully booked and we have incredible amounts of visibility. We have some amount of visibility towards sort of the forward book in terms of revenue and gross profit recognition but we certainly do a very healthy amount of business of bookings now for stays that are going to happen literally in the next two weeks.
Michael Olson – Piper Jaffray: So it’s weeks not months?
Robert J. Mylod, Jr. : Yes, it’s better expressed in weeks not months.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Jennifer Watson – Goldman Sachs.
Jennifer Watson – Goldman Sachs: Can you provide a little bit of color around the country strengths in Europe where you saw trends improve versus slowdown a little bit?
Jeffrey H. Boyd : I think it’s hard for us to get very specific. You can look at some of the countries and say that earlier on Spain had difficulty, economic difficulty, a downturn in their real estate market before things seem to get bad in Germany and so forth but I think it’s fair to say that the economies across Europe now, Western Europe in particular are uniformly weak. I don’t have any color in terms of a particular economy that’s doing relatively better or worse.
Jennifer Watson – Goldman Sachs: In terms of consumers, have you seen any big changes in terms of their behavior on your site over the course of the past quarter?
Jeffrey H. Boyd : One thing that may be of interest is that the shopping activity is up. People are shopping more. Now, I don’t know if this is true for our other competitors in the space but, there may be a little bit of a difference in the translation of traffic in to business going on just because people are really looking for the best deal and shopping a little more.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Imran Khan – J. P. Morgan.
Imran Khan – J. P. Morgan: Two questions, you talked about in the past return on investment from marketing dollar perspective and how you’re trying to manage that. Can you talk a little bit about what kind of return you were seeing from your marketing dollar in Q4 versus Q3, if that metric changed? And secondly, with regards to international business Jeff, I think in the past you talked a little bit about how outside the core Western European countries bookings business was like 20% of the gross bookings and that was growing 209% I believe that was in second quarter of 2008. Can you give us some color as to what percentage of bookings revenues is outside those core countries [inaudible] now represent?
Jeffrey H. Boyd : Bob, maybe on the first one the Q3 to Q4 ROIs?
Robert J. Mylod, Jr. : Yes, I think what I’d say about ROI is Jeff mentioned a couple of things that are create a headwind for ROI one being the decline ADRs which are giving us fewer amounts of gross profit dollars per unit sale with which to go and reinvest in online advertising. The second one is we have seen a little bit of step up in the amount of shopping which would translate to more clicks potentially per reservation made.  I think that’s just illustrative of what’s going on in the economy and it remains one of the sort of big wildcards for 2009 is what is ROI going to look like with these two factors unfolding. You can see it inherent in our guidance, there is a little bit of increase in terms of the amount of online advertising expressed as a percentage of our projected gross profit dollars. There’s certainly going to be some volatility around that potentially on the upside and downside so it’s something that we’re watching very carefully on a day-by-day basis and obviously its impacted by competitive factors too.
Jeffrey H. Boyd : As to the second question in terms of specific numbers, I can’t give them to you but the trend that we pointed out a couple of quarters ago which is the newer markets are growing faster than the core markets remains the trend. The growth rate in all of the markets has come down and you can see that in the results we’ve reported in the third quarter and the fourth quarter and it’s inherent in our guidance for the first quarter.  But, the trend that the new markets are growing faster than the core markets remains, and it remains an important part of our plans to go out and continue to build the hotel supply in those markets, to open up new markets and to try to continue to build on that momentum. But, the growth rates are not what they were when we showed you that chart a couple of quarters ago.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Justin Post – Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: When you look at last year it looks like you did around $41 million hotel room nights. I’m wondering if you’ll give us any kind of range of what percent of those were international? And, if you added up the opportunity online booking nights or in total what you think the total opportunity you have in front of you? I wonder if you’ll help us with either one of those numbers?
Jeffrey H. Boyd : I think the best we can tell you on that front is you’ll have to look at the gross bookings numbers that we’ve given you and make your own ADR assumptions in terms of the split. A lot of folks have done that and they’ve gotten reasonably close on it. But, we do not have a total opportunity number for you. We get asked all the time how many hotels are there, how many are you going to get and that sort of thing but we just don’t manage the business that way, we just don’t have that data to give you.
Justin Post – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I just want to confirm rental cars and air is all US and just really you saw an acceleration in rental cars and air held up really well, do you think that is the opaque business really driving that or do you think it’s your relatively attractive booking fees, or is there more inventory? What kind of drove the reacceleration there in the quarter?
Jeffrey H. Boyd : With respect to rental cars we had a better inventory position in the fourth quarter than we did in the third quarter on the opaque side of the business. I think that’s really the answer to that question. The retail business grew too but the opaque business had a better quarter because we had better inventory. On the airline ticket side, that business continues to do well because of the no fee positioning. 
Justin Post – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Last one, I think you said that there’s a currency benefit in your 1Q that won’t continue in 2Q and 3Q or going forward. Could you just give us the size of the currency benefit is it one three or is it larger than that?
Daniel J. Finnegan : What we said there Justin was it was a slight favorability versus the rate we has assumed when we had prepared the guidance at the end of Q3. But, overall the rate was unfavorable year-on-year.
Justin Post – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: How about Q1?
Daniel J. Finnegan : Q1 we were about $1.50 last year and we’re assuming that the $1.26 we had the other night will continue through the end of the quarter.
Justin Post – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I’m just wondering how big the benefit will be in Q1 from your hedging?
Robert J. Mylod, Jr. : It was in Dan’s numbers. We’ve got it to a little over $1 million so it’s minimal and obviously if the currency were to move one way or another then that benefit would either get eliminated and find its way in to the rest of the P&L or it would get bigger depending on the currency moves but as Dan mentioned, the hedging really only relates – we’ve only done a small amount of hedging so far so we don’t have the remainder of the year hedged. To confirm those, the airline ticket numbers and the rental car days are US only.
Operator: Our final question comes from [Unidentified Analyst – Morgan Stanley].
[Unidentified Analyst – Morgan Stanley]: Just a follow up on that last question, is fx hedging for 2Q something you might pursue in the future or have you decided it’s just not going to be necessary or perhaps not worth it? How are you thinking about that?
Robert J. Mylod, Jr. : Our strategy has been to try and at least hedge the coming quarter and so that’s what we’ve done for the first quarter and we’ll continue to look at opportunities to hedge second quarter as we move forward.
[Unidentified Analyst – Morgan Stanley]: Just quickly, it looks like you’re taking market share, you’re certainly suggesting that. Is that just from looking at your own results versus indications of what the industry growth might be right now or do you have anything more specific regarding your performance versus your peers?
Jeffrey H. Boyd : It’s really based on the reported results through the third quarter for our competition. Based on their reported results, based on the language in their conference calls and what we’re seeing in the marketplace it just seems to us that we probably continue to gain share.
Operator:  Gentlemen did you have any final remarks?
Jeffrey H. Boyd : Thank you very much for attending the call.
Operator:  Thank you ladies and gentlemen for your participation. This does conclude your call. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Have a great day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-06 14:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeffery H. Boyd - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Robert J. Mylod Jr. - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Analyst for Imran Khan - J.P.Morgan Michael Millman - Soleil Securities Scott Barry - Credit Suisse Brian Fitzgerald - Bank of America Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs Justin Post - Merrill Lynch Mark Mahaney - Citigroup 
Operator: Welcome to Priceline's third quarter 2008 conference call. Priceline would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements.  For a list of factors that could cause Priceline's actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of Priceline's earnings press release as well as Priceline's most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Priceline undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.  A copy of Priceline's earnings press release together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement is available in the investor relations section of Priceline's website, located at www.priceline.com.  Now I would like to introduce Priceline's speakers for this afternoon, Jeff Boyd and Bob Mylod. Go ahead, gentlemen. 
Jeffery Boyd:  Welcome to Priceline’s third quarter conference call. I’m here with Priceline’s CFO, Bob Mylod.  Priceline reported consolidated gross bookings for the third quarter of $2 billion, up 44% year-over-year. Pro forma gross profit of $316 million was up 57%. Pro forma EBITDA was $153 million, up 69% and pro forma net income was $117 million or $2.39 per share, up 52%.  Third quarter results surpassed third quarter consensus estimates of $2.10 due to better than forecast results in Europe and the United States. Our international business had a good quarter with 59% bookings growth despite a substantial decline from the beginning to the end of the quarter in the value of the Euro and in hotel ADR’s.  International gross bookings benefited from growth in new markets and results from Agoda, the Asian hotel reservation business we acquired last year which added gross bookings of $32 million in the quarter. Agoda was able to achieve good growth rates despite civil unrest in Thailand, which has materially dampened leisure travel in Agoda’s largest destination market.  Priceline’s domestic business grew 33% in the third quarter due to growth in sales of opaque and retail airline tickets, hotel room nights and vacation packages. Domestic merchant gross bookings which include opaque services and retail merchant hotels grew 19%. We believe that Priceline continued to gain market share on our major competitors during the quarter and delivered superior earnings growth. While it is difficult to make precise forecasts in today’s market, our third quarter results demonstrate our strong competitive position in challenging economic times.  While our international business showed good third quarter growth rates in late September the global financial crisis struck Europe in earnest with widespread instability in major banking centers, deep concern over the safety of bank deposits and ultimately widespread governmental intervention all occurring within a two week time span. A rapid decline in the value of the Euro coincided with these developments.  Not surprisingly, consumer demand in our business perceptibly weakened during this period as consumers processed these events. We have therefore seen deterioration in the key drivers of the business, namely the Euro/Dollar exchange rate, transaction growth rates, ADR’s and cancellations. Given the outlook for the general economy we are forecasting a significant reduction in U.S. dollar denominated international gross booking growth rates.  Of course further negative economic developments such as a fresh wave of instability in the financial markets or high profile financial or industrial company bankruptcies or bailouts which depress consumer sentiment would likely lead to below forecast results. Despite these macro challenges we continue to expand our international hotel platform, building new markets and enhancing the connections among our businesses in North America, Europe and Asia.  Booking.com now has approximately 57,000 hotels in over 70 countries and continues to add inventory and build new destinations. We continue to benefit from growing repeat business to Booking.com and other Booking.com branded sites. Agoda has made good progress in building its direct hotel inventory and its infrastructure for long-term growth in the promising Asian market.  Priceline’s domestic business showed 33% year-over-year growth in the third quarter. We continue to see attractive domestic growth rates which we believe are supported by consumer demand for travel deals in a weak economic setting, attractive inventory from airlines and hotels using our services to round out demand and protect yields and effective marketing of our low price positioning in both opaque and retail markets. The negotiator ad campaign continues to provide a versatile platform for effectively communicating our value proposition and strengthening our brand.  There are wide ranging estimates for future economic conditions with most assuming further deterioration in consumer spending and economic growth in all of our core markets. Our goal is to pursue unit and local currency bookings growth in all of our key markets and maintain operating margins while continuing to build our brands and expand the international hotel platform. We will be more measured in activities which grow our cost structure given the volatility in market conditions.  We do not believe the current economic outlook will put an end to the global secular movement of travel planning and purchase to the Internet. We do believe our brands, superior content and pricing, lean cost structure and strong balance sheet and cash flows position us well to compete in economic down cycles.  I will now turn the call over to Bob for the detailed financial review. 
Robert Mylod:  On August 5 earlier this year we announced our second quarter earnings and gave financial guidance for the third quarter and second half of 2008. As has always been typical of the guidance we give our guidance then was based upon an assumption that we would be operating in an economic condition throughout the back half of 2008 that was similar to the economic conditions that existed on that day we gave guidance.  Of course as Jeff discussed, the economic events that happened since August 5 have put the overall travel industry, the online travel industry and therefore Priceline in an environment that looks nothing like the environment that existed 90 days ago. As you can see from the third quarter results fortunately these conditions didn’t crop up in time to significantly affect our third quarter. In fact, our gross bookings, gross profit, EBITDA and earnings per share all came within, or in the case of our profit metrics, well above the range of guidance we gave on August 5.  We are particularly proud of this performance because we were able to deliver these results despite significant headwinds that developed and strengthened towards the end of the quarter. One of these headwinds was foreign currency exchange rates and I intend to discuss FX more in a moment but I did want to point out that our Q3 EBITDA and net income results did benefit from approximately $5 million of FX hedging gains that we recognized in the quarter.  Even without these gains, however, our profits came in well above our expectations and well above first call earnings estimates. Most importantly, it appears we took significant market share from our competitors during the quarter and continued to position our worldwide businesses for continued long-term growth. We were also very pleased with our third quarter cash flows which were very strong and which put us in what we think is a relatively advantageous capital position at a time when capital is very hard to come by.  Specifically, during Q3 we generated approximately $102 million in operating cash flow, up 65% year-over-year. During the quarter we repaid approximately $53 million on the principle amount of our convertible notes. We also invested $123 million to purchase all the remaining minority interest in our Priceline Europe subsidiary and we spent $5.9 million on capital expenditure. Despite this $182 million use of cash associated with these discreet financing and investing activities, we still ended up the third quarter with cash and marketable securities balance that is in excess of our debt balance.  Beyond that we have a $175 million revolving credit facility that is undrawn and doesn’t expire for four years. So as I mentioned, we feel very good about our balance sheet and our liquidity position.  That pretty much covers the major financial highlights from Q3 and Jeff didn’t already cover, so what I’d like to do is revert back to the discussion of the current economic environment that Jeff began because it certainly has significant implications for our immediate earnings outlook.  Jeff has already covered the obvious potential effect that a weak economy is having on our fundamental unit demand for travel. I wanted to discuss a couple other key metrics in some detail.  As we have discussed on previous earnings calls, our gross bookings and earnings are significantly affected by two variables that are heavily driven by macroeconomic factors. First, foreign currency exchange rates. Second, the retail prices at which our hotel partners choose to market their rooms on our web sites. These two variables are critical because a very significant majority of our gross bookings and profits are generated by our hotel room reservation services, most of which are conducted outside the United States in Euros or British Pounds.  To put these words into a little numerical perspective, on the day of our August 5 earnings call the Euro translated into $1.55 and the British Pound translated into $1.95. Those August 5 FX translation rates formed the basis of our second half guidance. As we speak today, the Euro has devalued against the dollar by 17% since August 5 and is now translating at $1.29 per Euro as of the close of business last night. The British Pound devalued at an even faster rate, down 19% to a translation rate of $1.59 per Pound. Both of these rates are also down significantly from their year-ago levels.  As for average selling prices of our hotel rooms (ADR’s), those too have declined very significantly relative to where they were over the summer as our hotel suppliers have cut their selling prices in order to stimulate lagging demand. Our guidance on August 5 was for ADR’s to be roughly flat on a year-over-year basis domestically and down roughly 1-2% on a year-over-year basis internationally, all roughly consistent with summer levels.  Actual third quarter ADR’s were down 1% domestically and down 3.5% internationally with significantly worsening trends towards the end of September that have carried into the fourth quarter. As Jeff mentioned we believe these ADR declines also contributed and continue to contribute to an increase in our reservation cancellation rates which have created yet another headwind for us. Because the fourth quarter is seasonally our weakest for gross bookings, the impact of an increase in cancellation rates on our gross bookings will be more impactful to the fourth quarter as compared to the other quarters.  One last point on FX and ADR rate declines as they relate to our dollar denominated international gross bookings metric. That is that FX rates and ADR’s have a multiplicative impact on each other when calculating gross bookings dollars. So when our blended FX exchange rates for our two main foreign currency is down by nearly 15% year-over-year and international ADR’s on a local currency basis are down by more than 5% year-over-year this means that our international hotel room night sales net of cancellations will have to grow by nearly 25% in the fourth quarter in order for international gross bookings on a dollar denominated basis to just be flat with last year’s levels. That is obviously a very significant headwind. As you will see when we get to our specific numerical guidance for the fourth quarter it is nevertheless our goal and expectation to grow our international gross bookings on a dollar denominated basis in the fourth quarter despite these historically unprecedented headwinds.  The last point I want to make before I give the specific numerical guidance has to do with our outstanding convertible debt and the impact it is having and is expected to have on our future diluted share count. As most of you know in recent quarters our stock traded at levels that were well in excess of their conversion prices and as a result our diluted share count rose to levels exceeding 50 million shares. With our stock trading down significantly as of late, we are now witnessing the opposite effect, namely that our diluted share count has fallen along with our stock price thereby providing a favorable share count comparable in Q4.  There is one other point I would like to make about our convertible notes and that has to do with early conversion activity. As most of you know, the owners of our convertible notes are primarily convertible bond hedge funds almost all of whom have suffered very significant losses and investor redemptions as a result of the recent market turmoil. These investor redemptions have forced hedge funds to liquidate their bond portfolios. As a result, prices across the board for convertible bonds have plummeted and the prices of our convertible notes have plummeted along with the market.  In fact, our convertible notes are now trading at prices that essentially assign no value to the significant option value that is inherent in them and therefore many convertible note holders have opted to convert their notes prior to maturity and receive the intrinsic value of their bonds from us instead of trying to sell them in the open market.  In the past several weeks we have received approximately $50 million face amount of such early conversion notices and as long as the convertible bond market remains in turmoil we expect to potentially see more. As I mentioned earlier we are in a relatively advantageous liquidity position and so we think we believe we have plenty of excess liquidity to repay the principle amount of our convertible bonds with cash with any remaining in the money value repaid through the issuance of common shares.  While this activity has created a little bit of unpredictability with respect to our quarter ending debt balances and cash balances. It does not impact the predictability of our cash net of debt position which was slightly positive in Q3 and is expected to grow nicely in Q4.  I’d also like to point out we generally look at all this activity as good news because by redeeming our notes early we will eliminate any potential future dilution that we would have otherwise experienced if our bonds remained outstanding through maturity and our stock price goes back up to levels we saw earlier this year.  I’d also like to point out this early conversion activity creates a mismatch of timing between when we deliver shares to our convertible note holders for the in the money conversion value of their notes and when we receive shares from our hedging counter parties for our conversion spread hedges. Because of this timing anomaly in calculating the pro forma diluted per share count we use for pro forma EPS we have decided not to give effect the hedging benefit associated with any convertible notes that are converted early until the actual maturity date of the hedge.  Now for fourth quarter guidance. We are looking for total fourth quarter gross bookings to grow by approximately 7.5-17.5% on a year-over-year basis with international gross bookings coming anywhere from flat to up 10% versus last year’s fourth quarter level and domestic gross bookings growing by approximately 22%.  As I mentioned earlier this will be the first quarter in years in which dollar denominated gross bookings will grow at a slower rate than the local currency growth rate. Specifically we expect international gross bookings to grow on a local currency basis by approximately 10-20%. This growth rate is consistent with a continuation of the year-over-year growth rate declines we saw in Q1, Q2 and Q3. However, due to all the negative headwinds I just reviewed we do expect the slope of the decline to steepen significantly as compared to the slop we witnessed during the first nine months of 2008.  We expect pro forma revenue to grow by approximately 12-14% on a year-over-year basis. We expect pro forma gross profit dollars to grow by approximately 12.5-17.5% on a year-over-year basis. As for Q4 operating expenses, we are targeting consolidated advertising expenses of approximately $58-62 million with approximately 90% of that amount being spent on online advertising. We expect sales and marketing expense between $16.5 to $17.5 million. We expect personnel costs excluding stock based compensation to come in between $28-29 million. We expect G&A expenses of approximately $13-13.5 million, information technology costs of approximately $5-5.5 million and depreciation and amortization expense excluding acquisition amortization of approximately $4.3 million.  We expect total below the line positive impact of approximately $2.5 million which is comprised primarily of foreign exchange hedging income. We are targeting pro forma EBITDA of between $60-66 million. We are targeting pro forma EPS of approximately $1.00 to $1.10 per share. Our pro forma EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax of approximately $11.5-12 million comprised of international income taxes and alternative minimum tax in the United States. Our pro forma EPS guidance is based on pro forma diluted per share count of approximately 44.6 million shares which is based on last night’s closing stock price of $52.60 per share. As you can see, this is a substantially lower share count than last quarter’s share count due to the convertible note dynamics I just discussed.  As for expected GAAP results we expect to report GAAP EPS of between $0.55 to $0.65 per share. The difference between our GAAP and pro forma results will be driven primarily by the inclusion of acquisition related amortization, stock based compensation and certain income tax expense all of which are non-cash in nature.  Our forecast assumes the Euro versus dollar exchange rate remains at the same $1.29 per Euro as last night’s closing rate. It also assumes there is no material change in the FX relationship between the Pound and the Euro. Our forecasts also assume the ADR’s of domestic hotel service will be down 3-4% as compared to 2007 levels and the ADR’s of our international hotel service will be down about 5-6% year-over-year which is basically about what we are currently running at now. We think our Q4 forecast is representative of another quarter in which we expect to take market share both in the United States and internationally. From a balance sheet perspective, as I mentioned to you earlier, due to convertible note conversions that are to be processed or will be processed during the quarter we expect our debt balances to be reduced by an additional $75 million as compared to the levels at which we ended the third quarter. Of course it is possible we will pay down even more debt if we see further conversions and as I mentioned we will welcome this activity. We already have plenty of excess liquidity to repay our debt and that excess liquidity continues to grow each quarter which puts us in the position to take advantage of the market dislocations through the early retirement of our convertible notes.  Before I turn the call over to your questions I did want to make a few more qualitative points about our financial guidance. The first point relates to the Q4 guidance I just gave. It has always been our practice to give very detailed financial guidance for any current quarter and we are doing so again today. By definition, forecasting involves predicting an uncertain future. We wanted to say the very real economic uncertainty that is affecting the worldwide consumer and worldwide market places has added a great deal to our own level of uncertainty around our forecast. Our Q4 forecast does its best to quantify how the current market environment, which is clearly very weak, will play out for the rest of the quarter. Our bias is that it will get weaker given the trends we have seen since September but the volatility associated with that trend means there is a significantly greater standard deviation in our forecast with respect to possible upside and possible down side as compared to previous quarters.  As you might surmise, all of this economic uncertainty impacts how we think about 2009. Typically around this time of year we are engaged in our budgeting process for the following year. This year is no different and we are deeply into that process as we speak. However, the format of our budgeting process is different this year in that we are trying to forecast multiple financial performance outcomes based upon multiple potential economic conditions. Until we actually see some stability in the worldwide economy, we will be reluctant to communicate any financial forecasts for 2009.  Therefore, when we announce our Q4 results in February it is unlikely that we will provide a full-year 2009 forecast. What I can say about our 2009 budget process is that regardless of whatever economic scenario ultimately manifests itself we will be striving to achieve several principle goals. First, to grow the unit sales and local currency gross bookings in each of our businesses on a worldwide basis. Second, to continue taking market share in the worldwide online travel market. Third, to maintain the significant operating leverage gained we achieved in 2008.  Lastly, as I hope we have made pretty clear on this call, our numbers are going to be impacted by several variables that will create difficult comps for us in the next several quarters. These variables are not necessarily permanent. Once we see stability, or even a turn around in some of these variables such as FX and ADR’s, our comps towards the end of next year should get easier and should not ultimately impact our overall long-term growth rates.  With that we’d be happy to take your questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from Imran Khan - J.P.Morgan, 
Analyst for Imran Khan - J.P.Morgan: I’m wondering if you could discuss for us differences you are seeing across western international countries and also has the weakness spread to the non-western European businesses or has it been offset by penetration increases? 
Jeffrey Boyd:  I think the economic weakness is essentially widespread by this point in time. I wouldn’t point out a geography that appears to somehow be immune to it. That’s not to say we don’t have some higher growth rates in some of these newer markets which is still the case but you can absolutely see the impact of the economy really in most markets. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Michael Millman - Soleil Securities. 
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Can you talk about if you are seeing a change particularly in Europe in how vacationers or travelers are acting and specifically are you seeing some change in weekend vacations or one way or the other or full week, which would presumably be vacations? Then related I guess Ryan Air has talked about a huge promotion. Do you see that having a major effect on business or already having some effect on business? 
Robert Mylod:  As for trends in Europe, I’d make a couple of comments. First of all, the economic headlines have been much more prevalent in the United States so I think the United States market has been digesting over where the economy is potentially going over a longer period of time and that’s why I think potentially specifically our U.S. business continued to perform very well because there wasn’t as much shock in the headline news in the United States relative to Europe.  I think as we got into September and we saw several of the major European banks fail we could absolutely sort of see a little bit of a change in the booking patterns of consumers in Europe as they started to catch up on digesting the state of the current world markets.  The only other thing I would say is we did in Q3 see maybe a little bit of a contraction in the time frame between when consumers were booking and when they were consuming their hotel room but nothing very material.  As for Ryan Air, Jeff? 
Jeffrey Boyd:  On the Ryan Air side one thing has happened which is good which is oil prices have come down dramatically. That has put the airlines in a position where they can look forward to potentially being profitable next year both in the United States and with Ryan Air in Europe we have seen some fare sale activity which is absolutely intended to spur demand and I would expect it would spur demand and ultimately we and the other online travel agents should benefit from that. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Scott Barry - Credit Suisse. 
Scott Barry - Credit Suisse: A question on the FX impact. Is it consistent with your revenue mix across your expense line items? Assuming we have a slower growth environment in 2009 on the top line could you just maybe give us a sense for where we might get some back on the expense line items such as personnel costs or G&A? 
Robert Mylod:  I think one of the nice features of our international business is that our expenses tend to line up very well with our revenue and gross profit in terms of FX. We really tend to not have very material differences or hedging translation risk with respect to expenses on the one hand and revenue on the other hand. That’s why as I mentioned at the end of my prepared remarks that one of our goals in 2009 is going to try to maintain our operating leverage in local currency. I think because we don’t have much of a mismatch in expenses versus revenue that hopefully makes that a more achievable goal than it otherwise would be.  As for how we are going to manage expenses in 2009, I tried to allude to that a little bit in that as we think about building our forecast for 2009 we are really coming up with various scenarios of growth. Again, because we do want to try and maintain that operating leverage regardless of which scenario ends up unfolding there is an area of expense management to it. We certainly have plenty of fixed expenses in our P&L. Personnel is one of them. Off-line advertising is one of them. G&A is one of them. IT is one of them and I think you can assume we are going to be very, very careful about managing those fixed expenses in 2009 and the variable ones as well. Online advertising is obviously our single biggest expense line item and we certainly hope that as we move into 2009 we hope we will be operating in that environment from a position of strength relative to some of our competitors who have been competing with us in much better markets over the last couple of years. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald - Bank of America. 
Brian Fitzgerald - Bank of America: I wanted to know if you could give us an update on [Q1] pricing. Then is there any change to the underlying balance or elasticity between your ad mix, profitability and your bookings? 
Jeffrey Boyd:  On key word pricing we are certainly hearing what many of you are probably hearing in the marketplace; that there is an expectation that may soften and in general demand for advertising should soften and pricing should soften. I don’t think that is really visible or reflected in our third quarter results. I think that is another way of saying we haven’t really seen that much yet.  In terms of the ad mix, the only comment I would make there is we will continue to push our ROI targets and try to use offline dollars here in the United States to build the brim. We have very compelling, low price messaging here and it is working as you can see with what we think are very attractive growth rates that clearly are related to the fact we have a strong brand and good pricing positioning and we will continue to push that next year. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs. 
Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs: Can you talk about the potential for launching a name your own price product internationally? 
Jeffrey Boyd:  We have name your own price hotel inventory in Europe and in some other international destinations which we sell to U.S. resident customers and we also use it in our vacation package products so we are in that business right now. We also at Priceline.co.uk have the ability to sell U.K. point of sale opaque hotel. It is not something we have invested a lot of time or money in. Given the market place there may be some more demand on the supplier side of that and certainly the consumers are looking for bargains so I wouldn’t rule that out as something we might get back into and invest some more time into next year but it is not something we are doing right this minute. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Justin Post - Merrill Lynch. 
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: When you think about next year, in the October call last year you were able to call out some interesting things and dynamics for the following year. Is there anything beyond the macro that you think will be interesting affecting the year-over-year growth rates for bookings or revenues as you look out to next year? 
Robert Mylod:  I think one of the reasons I sort of painstakingly went through the various variables was to hopefully deliver the punch line about what we need to do on a unit growth basis just to break even. We view that as actually fairly impressive in that we do have some pretty big headwinds but ultimately our unit growth is still very strong in Europe and we think represents market-leading growth in which we are taking market share. We certainly don’t have an ability at this point to predict 2009 but in many ways the story for Booking.com remains exactly intact. We continue to grow not only in Europe and Eastern Europe but throughout international and into the United States. The fact we have had a little bit of a slow down doesn’t change our strategy at all. It may make us a little bit more careful about how we manage forward-looking expenses but we still think there is a very big opportunity. As Jeff mentioned there are still plenty of people who are moving from offline means of purchasing their travel to online means. Again we are going to have some headwinds no doubt about it. But the fundamental thesis that we are pursuing internationally is, as I said, intact. 
Jeffrey Boyd:  One thing I would add there is that as we continue to build out the hotel network because we have soft occupancy and demand at the hotels, I think we are in a very good position to bring more hotels into the system, to get some of the larger chains that have not been focused on getting new online distribution channels to get them to recognize the value of the distribution we can bring to them from around the world. We certainly expect to use this opportunity to try to improve our inventory and relationships with our hotel suppliers because we believe that next year is a year that we can really help them and work together to sort of mitigate the impact of the economic downturn on their business. 
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: On the fourth quarter you said you were up 10-20% in Europe on your hotel nights so far this quarter. How do you think that compares to the industry? Do you think maybe the industry may be down 5-10% so you are out performing by maybe 1,500 basis points? How would you characterize October? 
Robert Mylod:  Just to clarify, our guidance for fourth quarter is for local currency gross bookings growth rate to be up 10-20%. Given the ADR declines I discussed and given some of the higher cancellation rates, it actually means that our new unit gross bookings coming in the front end are up more than…we expect them to be up more than 10-20%. I’m really not in much of a position to say what we think that means relative to the rest of the market. We’ll sort of leave that up to you. Based on some of the rhetoric we have heard from industry sources and our competitors we certainly think that probably will continue to represent market-leading growth. 
Operator:  The next question comes from Mark Mahaney – Citigroup.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: First, the significant expansion in hotels under management or under contract and inventory…any color on where you are seeing that growth and to what extent is that for hotels in the U.S.? Secondly, can you just clarify a little bit more your comments on margin and potential margin outlook for next year? I think you said with units and bookings growth in local currencies I think you said you should be able to maintain 2008 margins. Under what scenario do you think margins would actually theoretically have to come down? Is it simply flat revenue, flat bookings in local currency brings margins down in 2009 or could even under that scenario they stay flat? 
Jeffrey Boyd:  In terms of hotel expansion for Booking.com it is happening in all of their principle markets in Europe, North America and Asia. Our expectation is that we will continue developing the hotel inventory worldwide. 
Robert Mylod:  As for the operating leverage point, again our goal for 2009 is to grow units and gross bookings on a local currency basis. Because our expenses are also expressed in a local currency basis our goal and our intention is to manage those expenses so we can maintain the operating leverage. Obviously, if we were to enter a scenario where our top line were to shrink that could potentially limit our ability to maintain the operating leverage but for now here in the middle of November given our unit growth rate we are still seeing in the fourth quarter we still think it is reasonable to hope we can grow our units and our gross bookings on a local currency basis. Therefore, if we do manage those expenses properly, and manage our ROI’s on online spend well hopefully we can maintain that operating leverage on a consolidated basis. 
Operator:  There appear to be no further questions. Do you have any closing remarks? 
Jeffrey Boyd:  Thank you all very much for participating in the call. 
Operator:  Thank you ladies and gentlemen. That does conclude our Priceline third quarter 2008 earnings conference call.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-06 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeffery H. Boyd - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Robert J. Mylod Jr. - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Scott Kessler - Standard & Poor's Imran Khan - J.P.Morgan Brian Fitzgerald - Bank of America Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs Justin Post - Merrill Lynch Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Michael Millman - Soleil Securities Scott Barry - Credit Suisse
Operator: Welcome to Priceline's second quarter 2008 conference. Priceline would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied, or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Priceline's actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of Priceline's earnings press release, as well as Priceline's most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Unless required by law, Priceline undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.  A copy of Priceline's earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the investor relations section of Priceline's website, located at www.priceline.com.  And now I would like to introduce Priceline's speakers for this afternoon -- Jeff Boyd and Bob Mylod. Go ahead, gentlemen. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: Welcome to Priceline's second quarter conference call. I am here with Priceline CFO Bob Mylod. Priceline reported consolidated gross bookings for the second quarter of $2.1 billion, up 71% year over year. Pro forma gross profit of $254 million was up 64%. Pro forma EBITDA was $101 million, up 75%, and pro forma net income was $78.5 million, or $1.55 per share, up 40% on a higher year-over-year share count.  First quarter results surpassed the high-end of our guidance and First Call consensus estimates of $1.41 per share due to better-than-forecast results in Europe and the United States.  Our international business had an excellent quarter, with 80% gross bookings growth. International gross bookings benefited from robust demand, growth in new markets, continued favorable currency exchange rates, and results from Agoda, the Asia hotel reservation business we acquired last year, which added gross bookings of $24 million in the quarter.  Priceline's domestic year-over-year growth rate accelerated to 59% in the second quarter from 51% in Q1. Year over year growth of 98% in airline ticket sales clearly propelled bookings growth. Domestic merchant gross bookings growth accelerated to 36% in the second quarter, a significant sequential improvement from 26% in Q1.  Improving merchant results were attributable to growth in sales in our opaque hotel and air services and growth in packaged services and retail hotel merchant room night sales.  Our international business showed good second quarter growth rates in the large continental markets and the results from new markets are making a larger contribution to overall growth as the total size of these fast growth markets becomes more meaningful. Booking.com now has over 52,000 hotels in over 65 countries, and continues to add inventory and build new destinations. We continue to benefit from growing repeat business to booking.com and other booking.com branded sites and we’re able to maintain our marketing efficiencies, which is creating better-than-forecast operating margins.  Priceline's domestic business showed 59% year-over-year growth in the second quarter. Consistent with our forecast expectations, growth it retail ticket sales has slowed now that we have passed the anniversary of the June 2007 removal of booking fees.  Despite this anniversary, we continue to see attractive domestic growth rates, which we believe are supported by consumer demand for travel deals in a weak economic setting, attractive inventory from airlines and hotels using our services to round out demand and protect yields, and effective online marketing and brand promotions, including fee reductions in retail hotels and our sunshine guarantee.  We believe the negotiator ad campaign has provided a versatile platform for effectively communicating our value proposition and strengthening our brand.  Our consolidated results again showed better than forecast earnings leverage in the quarter, with upside in Europe derived from attractive marketing ROIs and growing brand loyalty. Accordingly, our current outlook for the second half of the year reflects operating leverage that is more consistent with first half trends and represents what we believe is a good balance of investing in the business and driving earnings growth.  As most publicly traded travel companies have reported, economic uncertainty and high fuel prices are affecting the broad travel market and significant airline capacity reductions in the fall will also have a negative impact. These conditions are not confined to the United States but are in evidence in Europe and other international regions.  The positive fundamentals driving our business have overshadowed these negative factors in the first half. We believe these positive fundamentals position Priceline well for future growth and that our brands and services are particularly attractive to customers and suppliers in times of economic stress. It is of course possible that the category and our business could suffer in future months to an extent that creates risk to industry forecasts and our own forecast. However, we do not believe that economic cycles or persistently high oil prices materially undermine the outstanding long-term opportunity that exists for Priceline to build out our international business by building share and brand in our core markets and achieving meaningful market share in new markets we are pursing.  I will now turn the call over to Bob for the detailed financial review. 
Robert J. Mylod Jr.: Thanks, Jeff. I’m going to begin by touching on a few important financial highlights from the second quarter and then I’ll finish with some forward guidance. I don’t intend to go over each line item of our income statement, as I think they are very well covered in our press release and our statistical supplement. Instead, I want to simply focus on the factors which affected our three most important profit drivers, namely gross bookings, gross profit, and operating expenses.  I’ll start with gross bookings, which grew by 71% on a year-over-year basis and came in right in the middle of our range of guidance. We arrived at this growth rate by coming in slightly ahead of the high-end of our range of guidance for our domestic business and coming in right at the low-end of our guidance for our international business.  I think Jeff pretty much covered all the reasons for our upside in domestic gross bookings, so I don’t intend to reiterate them here. I did, however, want to spend a little more time discussing some of the variables that impacted our international gross bookings, which grew by 80% relative to our 80% to 90% guidance.  We believe that one important variable has to do with the fact that the Easter holiday season, which typically takes place in Q2, occurred in Q1 this year. I mentioned on our last earnings call that this anomaly in the calendar would represent an additional forecasting challenge for us and indeed, we do think that part of our results relative to forecast were driven by this Easter effect.  We’ve also been highlighting for quite some time that our forecasts are highly influenced by two variables over which we have almost no control -- namely, FX exchange rates and average selling price of hotel room nights. I want to briefly discuss how these two items affected our results relative to our prior guidance. I’ll start with the FX impact.  Our gross bookings guidance was based upon an assumption that the Euro to dollar exchange ratio would remain at 1.54 for the remainder of Q2. The actual exchange rate was about 1.3% more favorable than forecasted during the quarter.  As for average selling price, our Q2 forecast was based upon an assumption that our average international selling prices would remain roughly flat on a year-over-year basis, consistent with where we finished Q1. Actual average selling prices came in 1.5% below prior year levels, which more than offset the positive effect that FX had on actual gross bookings results relative to forecast. So there was a net negative impact with respect to the combined effect of FX and average selling price on gross bookings relative to forecast.  Of course, the most important metric is hotel room night unit sales, and while this number was generally consistent with our forecast, we actually believe that unit sales were somewhat artificially depressed in June, especially in continental Europe, because of softness in demand associated with the Euro Cup soccer tournament.  We also saw an increase in our reservation cancellation rate during the quarter, which also knocked several percentage points off of our hotel room night growth.  While we think the impact from the Euro Cup is obviously temporary, we are watching the average selling price and cancel rate very carefully because we think both numbers could potentially be driven by what appears to be softening economic conditions in our core markets.  With all that said, we are generally pleased with what we have seen so far in Q3 with respect to international gross bookings, and I’ll give more detail in a moment when we give guidance.  As for gross profit, we had another very strong quarter with gross profit growing at 63.8% and coming in above the high-end of our guidance. This over-performance was driven by stable to improving core margins, both domestically and internationally, and also we saw a slight decrease in the average number of days that elapsed between the reservation booking date and the reservation consumption date, which in turned caused a greater amount of gross profit to be recognized in the quarter, as compared to plan.  Finally, I want to talk about operating expenses, which came in substantially lower than our prior guidance, almost entirely driven by positive variances in our international online advertising expenditures.  We mentioned on our last earnings call that we expected some of the efficiencies that we had achieved to date in our online advertising to reverse and diminish for the remainder of Q2 based upon various competitive factors. In fact, this didn’t happen and we were able to maintain our advertising ROIs throughout the quarter. Moreover, we saw a healthy increase in the percentage of our business that comes to booking.com on an organic basis.  The result of these two factors caused our online ad spend to come in well below plan, which in turn drove significant upside relative to our guidance.  As is the case in most businesses, there is an interplay between the amount of ad spend on the one hand and the amount of top line on the other, and of course our business is no different. This is especially true at booking.com, given that our entire advertising budget is online and therefore more variable in nature.  In Q2, we spend far less than planned on online advertising, and while this certainly had some marginal effect on our gross bookings growth, our decision still resulted in market-leading top line growth during the quarter and another quarterly sequential improvement in operating leverage. We believe the business is now striking a good balance between market leading top line growth rates on the one hand and operating leverage on the other. And based upon results to date, we are forecasting that we can maintain that balance for the remainder of the year without deteriorating marketing efficiency.  We have continued to invest in the new supply distribution and geographic expansion for booking.com, and we will continue to do so going forward.  That pretty much covers the highlights of our earnings and before I move on to guidance, I will just share a few cash and cash flow items that are not covered in the press release.  During Q2, we generated approximately $89.9 million in operating cash flow, up 126% year over year after adjusting for several one-time items from last year that actually make our reported OCF growth rate even higher than the adjusted number.  As for our cash balances, we began the quarter with $560 million of cash and marketable securities and we closed the quarter with $569 million of cash and marketable securities, representing a $9 million increase during the quarter.  Keep in mind that our cash balances were impacted by a couple of investing and financing activities during the quarter. First, during the quarter we invested approximately $30 million to buy back a portion of our minority interest in Priceline Europe; second, we used approximately $50 million of our cash to repay a portion of the principal amount of our outstanding convertible notes during the quarter. As a result, our convertible debt balance has dropped from $570 million at the start of the quarter to $520 million at the end of the quarter.  We expect there to be more repayments of our convertible bonds during Q3 and beyond, as our convertible note holders elect to convert their notes, or if and when we elect to call the notes.  Finally, total capital expenditures in the second quarter were approximately $4.2 million. This amount includes all money spent on capital equipment and internally developed software. As you can see, our operating cash flow, as well as our operating cash flow minus CapEx, have been running at very high annual growth rates which is reflective of the low capital intensity of our business model and excellent execution, especially at booking.com, with respect to receivables management and collection. Accordingly, we expect to deliver another year of very strong growth rates in both OCF as well as OCF minus CapEx for the full year 2008.  And now for a few comments on guidance -- I’ll start with some fairly specific line item guidance for the third quarter and then finish with some broader guidance for full year 2008.  We’re looking for total third quarter gross bookings to grow by approximately 44% to 54% on a year-over-year basis, with international gross bookings growing approximately 58% to 68% on a year-over-year basis and domestic gross bookings growing by approximately 30%.  The international growth rates are consistent with a continuation of the year-over-year growth rate declines that we saw in Q1 and Q2, although we are calling for a slight flattening in the rate of decline in Q3, given some of the items I discussed earlier, which we think depressed unit sales in Q2 at more than what the normal rate might indicate.  And in fact, our July international gross bookings growth rate actually showed an increase compared to June. July also represents the single biggest month of the quarter, so we have slightly more visibility to full quarter gross bookings results as compared to last quarter.  We also expect that our markets outside of our core European markets, most notably our booking.com business in Eastern Europe, the U.S., and Asia, as well as the Agoda business in Asia, will represent an increasing share of our international gross bookings during the remainder of the year. And because these markets are growing at substantially faster rates than the average international gross bookings growth rate, we expect these newer markets to have a slightly offsetting effect to the decline in overall international gross bookings growth rates.  We believe that this in turn should cause the rate of decline in the international gross bookings growth rate to flatten as the remainder of 2008 unfolds.  As for domestic, you can see that our guidance calls for a fairly steep quarterly sequential decline in the gross bookings growth rate, as we are now fully anniversarying last year’s launch of our no fee retail airline ticket initiative, thereby making our comps much more challenging.  We are also seeing significant headwinds in our rental car service due to supply challenges. Specifically, our rental car suppliers have managed their fleets significantly downward versus last year in anticipation of softer demand and airline capacity reductions, which has hurt our ability to fulfill continued strong fundamental demand, especially in our opaque rental car business.  Finally, there’s a great deal of industry wide uncertainty as to how and to what degree the upcoming reductions in domestic airline capacity will impact travel demand in general. We share this uncertainty and we point out that it makes our opaque airline business, which thus far has actually performed relatively well in the face of airline capacity reductions to date, more difficult to forecast than usual.  Having said all of that, we believe that if our forecast is achieved, it will result in a continuation of market-leading growth rates and total domestic gross bookings for the remainder of the year.  We expect pro forma revenue to grow by approximately 30% to 35% on a year-over-year basis. We expect pro forma gross profit dollars to grow by approximately 52% to 57% on a year-over-year basis.  As for Q3 operating expenses, we are targeting consolidated advertising expenses of approximately $93 million to $98 million, with approximately 92% of that amount being spent on online advertising.  We expect sales and marketing expense of between $21.5 million and $22.5 million. We expect personnel costs, excluding stock-based compensation, to come in between $34 million and $36 million. We expect G&A expenses of approximately $13 million to $14 million, information technology costs of approximately $6 million to $6.5 million, and depreciation and amortization expense, excluding acquisition amortization, of approximately $4 million.  We expect total below-the-line negative impact of approximately $600,000, which is comprised of net interest income, foreign exchange hedging income or expense, equity and income of Priceline mortgage and minority interest expense.  We are targeting pro forma EBITDA of between $133 million and $143 million and we are targeting pro forma EPS of approximately $2.00 to $2.15 per share.  Our pro forma EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax of approximately $30 million, comprised of international income taxes and alternative minimum tax in the United States.  Our pro forma EPS guidance is based upon a pro forma diluted share count of approximately 49.8 million shares, which is based on last night’s closing stock price of $111.72 per share.  As for expected GAAP results, we expect to report a GAAP EPS of $1.50 to $1.65 per share. The difference between our GAAP and pro forma results will be driven primarily by the inclusion of acquisition related amortizations, stock-based compensation, and certain income tax expenses, all of which are non-cash in nature.  And now for a few comments on full year 2008 -- we are upping the low-end of our prior total gross bookings guidance of between $7.5 billion to $7.9 billion for full-year 2008 to a range of $7.55 billion to $7.9 billion. The midpoint of this range represents an expected annual increase of approximately 60%.  From a profit perspective, we are increasing our range of guidance from our prior range of $340 million to $365 million of pro forma EBITDA to our new expected range of between $360 million and $380 million of pro forma EBITDA.  We expect that our full year pro forma cash tax rate will be approximately 20% in 2008.  As for expected full year pro forma EPS, we are increasing our range of guidance from our prior range of $5.25 to $5.65 per share, to our new expected range of between $5.50 and $5.85 per share. This pro forma EPS forecast would translate to GAAP EPS of between $3.75 per share and $4.10 per share.  Here are a few more clarifying points on the forward guidance I just gave. First, the forecast for both Q3 and the remainder of 2008 assumes that the Euro versus dollar exchange rate remains at the same $1.55 per Euro that exists as of today. Second, our forecast assumes that the average unit selling prices of our domestic hotel service will be flat as compared to 2007 and the average unit selling price of our international hotel service will be down by about 1% to 2% year over year, which is basically where we were in the second quarter.  We don’t anticipate seeing additional declines because of business mix. More specifically, some of booking.com’s fastest growing regions, like for instance, the United States, have higher average selling prices than the average. So while the core average selling prices are expected to be down by more than 1% to 2%, this mix point should have a slightly offsetting positive effect.  Fourth, you can see in the guidance that we are giving that we are no longer forecasting a decline in our operating leverage caused by a reduction in our online advertising efficiencies. This has to do with our increasing belief that we should be able to maintain or come close to maintaining the relationship between online advertising and gross profit. This is definitely a departure from our prior guidance but we’ve experienced many quarters worth of results to now have a level of comfort to believe that the declines in online advertising ROIs in Europe that we have been anticipating should not be as significant as expected. This factor, combined with our increasing organic growth rates, lead us to expect that our operating leverage will remain relatively stable.  I also wanted to repeat and emphasize a general cautionary point that we made on our last earnings call. Up until this point, our businesses have performed very well in the current economic environments both here in the United States and abroad. All of the guidance that I just gave presumes that we will continue to operate in similar economic conditions as exists today.  For instance, as my guidance indicates, we are projecting very strong year-over-year unit growth in both the U.S. and Europe for the remainder of 2008, despite what could potentially be a worsening economic environment.  Our guidance also assumes no deterioration in the average selling prices of our service beyond the specific declines outline in our guidance. While we believe that our forecast assumptions are reasonable, there are broad industry trends within our various supplier networks that could potentially point and lead to further deterioration.  And as you can see from our Q2 results, average selling price and FX, which are two very critical variables over which we have very limited ability to control or forecast, can have significant impacts on our gross bookings.  While our numbers to date give us reason to believe that we should fare better than most other companies in our space, all of which will be affected by the same macro factors, we want to once again stress that we don’t believe that we are immune to or benefit from deteriorating economic factors.  Overall economic pressures that strain our unit sales, our average unit selling prices, or the value of the Euro relative to the dollar would certainly put our forecasts at significant risk.  Before I turn the call over for questions, I wanted to underscore a point that Jeff made at the end of his remarks concerning our long-term outlook, especially as it relates to our future earnings potential. While it is certainly too early to begin discussing our forecasts for 2009 and beyond, I did want to at least mention that we remain very optimistic about our long-term top line and bottom line growth potential.  It appears that in 2008, we will deliver very strong EPS growth despite an extremely difficult comparable driven by a substantial increase in our diluted share count associated with our convertible notes. We believe that our worldwide businesses continue to be poised to deliver market leading top line growth beyond 2008. Some of that growth is expected to come from our core U.S. and European markets, but an increasing share of that growth is expected to come from our newer markets, most of which are growing at very fast top line rates but have not yet reached an inflection point in scale that has allowed them to deliver the kind of operating leverage that we have seen in our more mature markets.  We expect to reach some of those inflection points in 2009 and beyond which, when combined with good growth in our core markets and a much easier share count comparable, should allow us to continue our record of strong earnings growth.  And with that, I’d like to turn it over to questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Scott Kessler at Standard & Poor's.
Scott Kessler - Standard & Poor's: Thanks very much. I guess since I’m only going to ask one question, I was wondering if you could talk about where you think you are in Asia right now as it pertains to Agoda, and I guess what you see the market opportunity there as opposed to what you’ve experienced in Europe. And I guess really the crux of my question is I think a lot of folks are wondering whether you are going to be able to replicate the success that you’ve achieved in Europe through your acquisition strategy in Asia through Agoda and potentially other acquisitions, and I’m wondering how far along you think you are, if you potentially need to fill additional holes in your geographic or services footprint, and when we could expect to see material contributions from that business. Thanks a lot. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: We are pleased with what we are seeing with Agoda so far. It’s reporting very nice growth in its gross bookings and I think it’s doing that despite still having work to do in terms of the integration between Agoda and Priceline.com and booking.com, and the potential long-term opportunity to have significant traffic flows among those three regions, and significant work to do just in terms of building supply and building infrastructure to scale the business and bring on new distribution. So I think we’re in the very early days of exploiting the opportunity at Agoda and we are very optimistic that we’ve got a very attractive market. I don’t think it’s quite as attractive today as the European market in terms of the population and the relative wealth of the population and the amount of travel that’s going on today but I do think over the next several years, there’s going to be very significant continued economic growth and growth in travel and growth in online travel, so it’s a very attractive market opportunity.  I wanted to remind everybody that Agoda is not the only way in which we are pursuing the market in Asia. Booking.com has business there and we also think that there’s great promise for that business, not only for business in Asia for Asian travelers but also again for European travelers who happen to be going to Asia.  So we certainly think the market is big, very attractive, we’re in the early days. I don’t have a projection for you in terms of when it will start to make a material contribution to the bottom line but we certainly do expect that to happen over time. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Imran Khan of J.P.Morgan.
Imran Khan - J.P.Morgan: Thank you for taking my questions. A question about Eastern European, you non-Western European business for booking. I believe, Jeff, you talked about in the past it’s like 20% of your bookings, gross booking. So can you give us some color what kind of growth rate you are seeing? In the past, you talked about last year it grew 211% and maybe give some color what kind of fundamentals you are seeing for the non-Western European countries in terms of average daily rate and booking rate. Thank you. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: Just to clarify the data that we’ve issued previously, the chart that we showed at the Goldman Sachs Internet conference showed that new markets, defined as Eastern Europe, North America, and Asia, represented at the time 20% of the business. It showed that the share that new markets represent of the business had increased fairly significantly from a year earlier, and it showed that those markets were growing in excess of 200%. We’re not going to update those numbers specifically, although I will say that those markets, as Bob mentioned, continued to grow significantly faster than our core markets and as they start to represent and continue represent a larger and larger portion of the business should provide support for higher growth rates going forward. I don’t think we’ve ever given any guidance or commentary on ADRs by sub-regions from booking.com and we’re not of a mind to do that now. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald of Bank of America.
Brian Fitzgerald - Bank of America: Thanks. Can you give us a sense for how much of your customer base is the U.K. traveler? And maybe derivative of that, how much of your Europe bookings mix is travelers to the U.S., and maybe to Eastern Europe?
Jeffery H. Boyd: We don’t break out region by region customer counts, other than I think what we have said, and it continues to be the case, that we think the amount of our business represented by the U.K. is a smaller percentage than we think our competitors.  The other thing I would say is that while business from Europeans traveling to the U.S. is up very substantially, it’s up very substantially because we had a very small base and in fact, several years ago we literally had zero of that. So we continue to view the United States as a very big opportunity and we are still very much in the early innings in terms of building out our supply to go after that opportunity, and of course with where the dollar is relative to the Euro, we certainly think that the share of the European vacation wallet that’s going to be represented by travel to the U.S. is going to increase. So we are going after that opportunity as fast as we can. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jennifer Watson at Goldman Sachs.
Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Can you elaborate a little bit more on the decision to spend a little bit less advertising dollars than what you had forecast? And the ROI that you are actually seeing, it sounds like it’s within the band that you’ve seen historically. If it were to deteriorate, would you be more concerned about it deteriorating because the transaction value that consumers proceeded to make on your site would be down, or because of competitive reasons?
Jeffery H. Boyd: I don’t think I want to try to get into parsing the impact of ADRs or the economy or competition on our marketing efficiency. I think, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, we’re very comfortable with the balance that we’ve seen here over the first half of the year in our marketing ROIs and our top line growth rate. And we have taken some affirmative decisions not to chase, for example, expensive affiliate business that would have been additive to our growth rate but would have provided what in our view is an inferior ROI and really not a good balance between growth and earnings, and so we’ve made some decisions in that regard and we are very comfortable with those decisions.  And I think the most important thing for investors to remember is we are investing a substantial amount of money in our online market around the world. We are prepared to make the investment to build distribution in new markets and as you can see by the numbers that I just mentioned, in terms of the growth of our new markets an the amount of business it now represents for us that we are being very, very successful with those investments and we intend to continue doing them. 
Robert J. Mylod Jr.: And I would just add that at last in our view, the only material change to our forecast is that we are expecting lower online advertising expenditures. The fact is that we are essentially sticking with our prior range of guidance. In fact, we are increasing the low-end of our guidance, so we think obviously that the growth rates that we are delivering in Europe are very good and we are expecting very high growth rates in the second half, generally consistent with how we’ve been looking at the business for the last several months. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Justin Post with Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Bob and Jeff, if you look at your ratio of marketing spend to bookings, looking back to the last topic, it looks like the ratio is holding and you could have driven more bookings had you spent more. Is that not true? Is it just you can’t really allocate the dollars right now on the search side? And then the second question, you said that things deteriorated in June. Can you give us any kind of color on the relative deterioration versus April and how much of a bounce-back you’ve seen in July? Thank you. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: Sure, Justin. I mean, obviously when we gave our guidance, April was essentially done so we had actual results for April but the year-over-year growth rates in June were certainly lower than they were as we finished Q1 and as we moved into the first half of Q2. It’s hard to sort of pinpoint why each month was the way it was. We certainly do think that, as I mentioned, there was a bit of a forecasting challenge given as a result of Easter happening in Q1.  Again, the impact of that would have been seen in April but to the extent it had any additional impact on people’s booking patterns for Q2, it’s hard to pinpoint. And then lastly, there’s just no question because we could sort of see it in our daily observations that as the Euro Cup, as some of the big games of the Euro Cup were being played, we saw very significant declines during the several hours each day where those matches were going on. So that’s why it’s not necessarily surprising for us to have seen actually a monthly sequential increase in July versus June. And at least as it relates to the marketing efficiencies, you know, it’s always -- the answer is of course, you can always buy gross bookings. It’s very easy to do that but our view is that we think we’ve established a very good return on investment dynamics with respect to our online advertising that is allowing us, as I said in the prepared remarks, to deliver top line growth rates that are market leading, and our view ultimately is that we are in this business to make money and generating bookings for the sake of generating bookings is not necessarily productive in general but it could potentially impair the economics that we are already enjoying on our core business. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney at Citigroup.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: Bob, you outlined some of the reasons why there may be some supply constraints in the rental car business. Is there any particular reason that you wouldn’t see that expand, and particularly obviously in the airline seats itself getting inventory for the opaque air business? Any thoughts on how much further that could spread into hotels just in the U.S. market? Thank you very much. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: I think the rental car companies have all in their earnings announcements reported that they have significantly downsized their fleets in anticipation of reduced capacity and we are starting to see the impact of that over the past month or so and that impact continues. And so I think the effect that we are reporting has happened and the rental car companies of all of our suppliers I think these days have the most flexibility in terms of their fleet size, and I also think that there are some things happening between the rental car companies and the automobile manufacturers that make it a little bit more difficult for the rental car companies to have the kind of flexibility in upsizing and downsizing their fleets that they used to enjoy.  We have seen in the airline business a very persistent reduction in domestic capacity in particular over the last couple of years and so having capacity come down is not something new and over the past 12 months or so, we have been pleased with the performance of our opaque airline ticket business, even in the face of these capacity reductions.  And keep in mind that the reason that the airlines are reducing their capacity is because they are trying to push up yields and when you are trying to push up yields, the opaque product gives you a great way to basically back-stop the potential lower load factors that can result from raising your prices. So it’s a tool that should continue to be valuable to the airlines as they continue to reduce capacity.  The reason Bob called out this factor in his prepared remarks is that the capacity reductions that have been scheduled for the fall are bigger than what we have seen in terms of any one-time reduction over the last couple of years, and so we though it was important to point that out to investors and I think the other folks in our space, and indeed other travel businesses have pointed out the potential for that to have an impact.  With respect to hotels in particular, it’s much harder for hotels to take down capacity. They can’t wall off a floor of a hotel. Hotels don’t go away, so I don’ expect to see the kind of reduction in hotel capacity that you’ve seen in rental car and airline tickets. What happens in hotels is that the rate of adding new rooms slows down and I certainly think that’s something that’s possible. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Millman of Soleil Securities.
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Thank you. A couple of questions -- can you talk about what Expedia’s purchase of Venere might mean now that they would seem to have a strong entry into the agency business as well as their existing business in merchant? And then, following up a bit on the air rental car, could you give us some idea of the profitability of a rental car versus an airline ticket? Thank you. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: I’ll handle the first question and Bob can handle the second. With respect to Venere, Venere has relatively larger market position in Southern Europe than elsewhere and booking.com has been very successful in building a big business in Italy, which is Venere’s home market and elsewhere in Southern Europe. And I think we probably have a significantly larger business in Southern Europe than Venere, so we feel like we are in a very good position to continue competing with Venere and compete with them successfully.  We also think that given Venere’s brand that it’s going to be relatively challenging to expand that brand to become a pan-European brand beyond its strength in Southern Europe. Time will tell on that but that’s our view and that informed our thought process as we considered the process with Venere.
Robert J. Mylod Jr.: And as for the breakdown, we don’t break out profit by product, other than to certainly reiterate the point that in the U.S., by far our single biggest profit contributor is our hotel business and internationally, it’s our only contributor, is our hotel business. So while again, we want to point out some of the risks we see with some of the other products, especially given that we do report the unit sales of them, it’s still mainly about how we do in the hotel business both here in the U.S. and internationally that’s going to drive our results. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Kessler, Standard & Poor's.
Scott Kessler - Standard & Poor's: Thanks. I figured I’d come back to the queue and just ask a little bit more about what you were talking about involving Europe and the online advertising spend. Can you give us a sense as to how you’ve become so efficient in your spend and so targeted? And if you have been or will be able to apply similar practices in the U.S., what’s the discrepancy there, if there is one? Thanks. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: Scott, it’s hard for us to get on a public conference call and describe why we think we’ve been successful in online marketing, because it’s a very sensitive, competitive situation. I think I am comfortable saying that we have some very important assets that give us a lot to market, which is 52,000 hotels in Europe, which is dramatically more than our nearest competitor, and a lot of outstanding content and very broad geographic coverage and all of those things give you something in effect to market and a vehicle to market to very, very large numbers of folks and I think that’s been very beneficial to us in Europe and I expect it will continue to be very beneficial to us going forward.  We also have a very capable and accomplished online advertising effort here in the United States which is, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, part of what is driving growth rates in the United States that are at many multiples of what our competition is delivering. So I don’t think that there is anything lacking in comparison in how the United States is executing on our distribution initiatives, especially given the competition that exists here in the United States and the maturity of the market. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Scott Barry of Credit Suisse.
Scott Barry - Credit Suisse: Maybe on that marketing efficiency issue, how much of that comfort does come from what you are seeing in terms of organic traffic trends primarily in Europe?
Jeffery H. Boyd: I think that’s certainly a part of it, Scott. If it was simply that we were seeing our ROIs remain stable which, by the way, they have remained stable, I don’t know that we would necessarily feel as comfortable. But the fact is that the percentage of our business represented by direct PPC campaigns or direct to our own website, that number has just steadily been increasing and overall our dependence on affiliate network has been decreasing.  So as a larger part of our business is falling within the purview of either things that are related to brand loyalty or things that we are directly in control of in terms of our PPC, it gives us a little bit more comfort.  So again, we’ve been talking about ROI declines really for quite a long period of time and as the business has gotten bigger and as that repeat rate has increased and as the organic has gone up, it’s just that combined with the stability of our ROIs has sort of given us that comfort to believe that we can continue to generally maintain it. That’s not to say that it’s going to absolutely stay where it is or go up. There certainly could be volatility around it but generally if you look at the trends of organic and our PPC ROIs, it looks fairly steady. 
Operator: That does conclude the question-and-answer portion of our call. Gentlemen, do you have any closing remarks?
Jeffery H. Boyd: Thank you all very much for your participation. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude your program. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-08 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Boyd - President and CEO Bob Mylod - CFO
Analysts: Scott Barry - Credit Suisse Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley Michael Millman - Soleil Securities  Justin Post - Merrill Lynch Mark Mahaney - Citi Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs Imran Khan - JPMorgan Brian Fitzgerald - Bank of America Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray
Operator: Welcome to Priceline's first quarter 2008 conference call. Priceline would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical facts are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Priceline's actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of Priceline’s earnings press release, as well as Priceline’s most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Priceline undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Priceline’s earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the Investor Relations section of Priceline's website located at www.priceline.com. Now I would like to introduce Priceline's speakers for this afternoon, Jeff Boyd and Bob Mylod. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Jeff Boyd: Thank you very much. This is Jeff and welcome to Priceline's first quarter conference call. I am here with Priceline's CFO, Bob Mylod. Priceline reported accelerating consolidated gross bookings growth for the first quarter. Gross bookings of $1.8 billion were up 76% year-over-year, our highest bookings growth rates since the third quarter 2000. Pro forma gross profit of $181 million was up 75%, and pro forma net income was $37 million, or $0.76 per share up 77%. First quarter results surpassed the high-end of our guidance and First Call consensus estimates of $0.60 per share due to better than forecast results in Europe and in the United States. Our international business had another excellent quarter, topping $1 billion of quarterly gross bookings for the first time and posting a growth rate of 100%. International gross bookings benefited from robust demand, growth in new markets, continued favorable currency exchange rates and the addition of Agoda, the Asian hotel reservation business we acquired last year, which added gross bookings of $25 million in the quarter. Priceline's domestic growth rate accelerated for the third consecutive quarter to 51% in Q1 from 24% in Q4. While an 83% year-over-year increase in airline ticket sales clearly propelled bookings growth, domestic Merchant gross bookings were up 26% in the first quarter, a significant sequential improvement from 11% in Q4. Improving merchant results were attributable to growth in all of our opaque services and retail, hotel merchant room night sales. Our international business continues to show high growth rates in the large continental markets but we are also pleased to see the result from new markets making a positive contribution to overall growth. Booking.com now has over 45,000 hotels in over 60 countries and continues to add inventory and build new destinations. We also continued to build the means to share hotel inventory among our brands with booking.com [in the store] now available on priceline.com and priceline.com hotel inventory available on Agoda. We are also benefiting from growing repeat business to booking.com and other booking branded sites where we continue to focus our online brand building. Priceline's domestic business showed 51% year over-year-growth in the first quarter. We believe marketing our value brand, and initiatives to improve our services and distribution are paying dividends. We also believe our negotiator Ad campaign fits well with the strategy and it is not only building our brand but delivering visitors as well. The campaign also facilitates promotions like the [Hotel Feed Shop] we are currently running.  Merchant results show our supplier partners continuing to use our service to exploit revenue management opportunities and to fill in during periods of soft demand. Our consolidated results showed better than forecast earnings leverage in the quarter, despite the negative impact of the airline ticket fee reductions on gross domestic margins.  Our outlook reflects our intention to continue investing in the business through marketing and promotional programs and accordingly, we are not forecasting the year-over-year leverage improvement which we saw in Q1 to continue for the balance of the year. There is evidence that economic weakness and the financial challenges facing the airlines to higher oil prices are leading to softer travel demand and higher airline ticket prices. As you can see from our results so far the positive fundamentals driving our business have over shadowed these negative factors. We believe our brands and services are particularly attractive to customer and suppliers in times of economic stress. Our forecast calls for continued high top-line growth rates with marketing efficiencies decreasing during the balance of the year. The fact remains that it is possible that the category and our business could suffer in future months to an extent that creates risk to industry forecasts and our own forecast. Our teams around the world continued to do a great job in building our businesses organically and executing on integration initiatives. I am grateful for their dedication and determination. With the diverse global business we believe we are well position to deliver sales and earnings growth at the top of market rates and continue investing substantial resources in building on our leader position in global hotel sales. Finally, we also announced today that Kees Koolen will become CEO of Booking.com effective September 1, 2008. Kees has been Chief Operating Officer of Booking for five years and I believe he will do a great job in his new role. We are very grateful to Stef Norden for the tremendous job he has done building our international business and I look forward to his continued involvement as a member of our International Board. I will now turn the call over to Bob for the detailed financial review.
Bob Mylod:  Thanks, Jeff. I am going to begin by touching on a few important financial highlights from the first quarter and then I will finish with some forward guidance. Jeff just went over the key financial metrics for the quarter and surprising to say, we were very pleased with the first quarter financial performance. In terms of both the services we sell and the geographies in which we sell those services we performed at or better than the forecast that we provided on our last earnings call in February.  I do not intend to go over all the specifics of our income statement, as I think they are very well covered in our press release and our statistical supplement. Instead I want to simply focus on the main drivers of the financial over performance relative to our prior guidance, so that investors have a better understanding of how and why we did as well as we did in Q1. Hopefully in so doing this initial discussion will also add a little context for the guidance that I will give in a few moments. I stop by taking a step backward and reviewing the principal Q1 financial metric guidance that we gave in February during our fourth quarter earnings call. On that call, we guided to total consolidated gross bookings growth of 60% to 65% including 35% growth domestically and between 85% and 90% internationally. Actual consolidated gross bookings growth for Q1 was 76% including 51% domestic growth and 100% international growth. From a pro forma EPS perspective our prior range of guidance was between $0.50 to $0.60 per share, actual pro forma EPS came in at $0.76 per share. So, what drove such material upside on both the top and bottom line basis. There are basically three main drivers and I am going to spend a little time discussing each of them and the general impact of these drivers had on both our top and bottom lines. Driver number one has to do with foreign currency exchange rates. FX impacted our top and bottom lines in slightly different ways during the quarter. Again stepping back for a moment, in February when we gave our financial guidance the Euro, which is the principal currency with which we transact internationally, had an exchange ratio of approximately $1.43 per Euro. That ratio generally served as the basis for our gross bookings and earnings forecast for the remainder of the first quarter. However, by the end of the first quarter that exchange ratio was $1.58 per Euro representing a very material strengthening of the Euro relative to the dollar in a very short timeframe. From a top line perspective that meant that the international gross bookings that we generated in Q1 translated into significantly more dollars than we anticipated. As always we have provided local currency gross bookings growth rates in our statistical supplement, so that investors can see this FX affect, but the general take away is that the substantial majority of our international gross bookings upside relative to guidance was driven by favorable FX moves.
regional : The international gross bookings growth rate also shows that the inevitable growth decline that we have been guiding to for sometime is now well underway. As you will see when I get to the guidance, it is something that we continue to expect for the remainder of 2008.  From a bottomline perspective, the FX story is a bit different. Our core international operating earnings were also favorably impacted by the same FX moves that favorably impacted growth bookings. However, this benefit was more than offset by FX hedging activities that we engaged in during the quarter. If you look at our income statement you will see a line item which shows that we incurred almost $5.1 million of expenses associated with FX during Q1. This expense was a direct deduct to EBITDA and net income, which means that we had not engaged in any FX hedging activities during the quarter. The EPS upside that we are reporting today would have been even greater. The second driver of our performance had to do with marketing efficiencies that we were able to achieve, particularly in our international business. For those of you who have been following us for several quarters, you will probably recall that we have been guiding to lower ROIs on our international online advertising spend over time, due to our belief that the market for acquiring international online travel customers will become more competitive over time. This view was incorporated into the guidance for our online advertising spend during Q1. While we did come within our range of guidance in terms of absolute dollar spent on online advertising during the quarter, the amount that we spent expressed as a percentage of total gross profits dollars was more favorable than expected. Because we did better than expected on this our single biggest operating expense we were able to drive significant overall operating leverage relative to expectations, which in turn helped to drive EBITDA and EPS upward despite the headwind associated with the FX hedging losses that I just mentioned. The third and final main driver of our upside had to with our domestic business. As I mentioned our domestic gross bookings growth of 50.6% came in substantially higher than our 35% guidance and as Jeff just mentioned, while the retail airline ticket service was certainly an important contributor to this upside, the fact is that literally all of our travel service offerings in both an opaque and retail basis did substantially better than we expected, particularly in the second half of the quarter, which is always seasonally stronger than the first half of the quarter. This topline growth combined with solid and stable gross margins and operating expense controls meant that we were able to efficiently bring a lot of the topline over performance to the bottomline, thereby contributing to the improvement in operating leverage. As for the reasons why, I will just reiterate what Jeff said, which is that we think our brand positioning and value proposition, is that our customers are saving a lot of money and are probably standing out a little bit more than usual in what is looking like an increasingly difficult economic environment in the United States. We think our advertising initiatives on both in offline and online basis did a very good job of broadcasting this differentiated message during the quarter. That pretty much covers the highlights of our earnings. Before I move on the guidance, I will just share a few cash and cash flow items that are not covered in the press release. During Q1 we generated approximately $43 million in operating cash flow up 131% year-over-year. As far our cash balances, we began the quarter with $512 million of cash and marketable securities and we closed the quarter with $560 million of cash and marketable securities, representing a $48 million increase in our cash and marketable securities. I would also like to add a quick bit of additional color with respect to our cash balances. Given the state of the capital markets in which we have seen many companies actually have to take material earnings hedged to mark-to-market securities that were widely viewed as being either cash or highly liquid cash equivalents, we have several analyst and investor enquiries regarding the make-up of our cash balances. Historically, we believe that we have always maintained a fairly conservative approach to managing our cash, meaning that we had fairly stringent requirements regarding both credit and duration risk. As a result of these long-term term health policies we avoided many of the investment securities, such as structured investment vehicles and auction rate securities that have been the main source of trouble for many other companies. Starting in the third quarter of last year, we became even more conservative in that we essentially moved the substantial majority of our cash into short-term US treasury securities. Of course with this move we have taken a bit of hit on the interest income that we are earning on our cash balances. However, our plan is to maintain this conservative stance until we see greater stability in the short-term funding markets. Finally total capital expenditures in the first quarter were approximately $2.9 million this amount includes all money spent on capital equipment and internally developed software. Now for a few comments on guidance; I will start with some fairly specific line item guidance for the second quarter of 2008 and then finish with some broader guidance for full year 2008. We are looking for second quarter of gross bookings to grow by approximately 65% to 75% on a year-over-year basis with international gross booking growing approximately 80% to 90% on a year over year basis. Domestic gross booking have gone approximately 50%. The international growth rates are consistent with the continuation of the year over year growth rate decline that we saw in Q1. As for domestic, we expect to maintain the 50% annual growth rate that we delivered in Q1. As I mentioned, we did finish Q1 with good momentum domestically, however, we also expect that this momentum will be offset by the difficult comps that we will experience starting in June, when we anniversary last year's launch of our No Fee retail Airline ticket initiatives. We expect pro forma revenue to grow by approximately 35% to 40% on a year-over-year basis. We expect pro form a gross profit dollars to grow by approximately 55% to 60% on a year-over-year basis. As for Q2 operating expenses we are targeting consolidated advertising expenses of approximately $90 million to $95 million with approximately 90% of that amount being spent on online advertising. We expect sales and marketing expenses to be between $18 million and $19 million. We expect personal cost excluding stock base compensation to come in between $30 million and $32 million .We expect G&A expenses of approximately $12 million to $13 million. Information technology cost of approximately $5.5 million to $6 million and depreciation and amortization expense excluding acquisition amortization of approximately $4.1 million. We expect total below the line positive impact of approximately $1 million, which is comprised of net interest income, foreign exchange hedging income, equity in income of Priceline mortgage and minority interest expense. We are targeting per forma EBITDA between $80 million to $90 million and we are targeting pro forma EPS of approximately $1.25 to $1.40 per share. Our pro forma EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax of approximately $16 million comprised of international income taxes and alternative minimum tax in the United States. Our pro forma EPS guidance is based upon a pro forma diluted share account of approximately $50.2 million shares, which is based on last night’s closing stock price of $122.3 per share. This EPS guidance is substantially ahead of the implied quarterly guidance that we gave on our last earnings call and is reflective of our cautious optimism that we can deliver another strong quarter of top and bottomline annualized growth despite the absence of Easter in Q2. As you can see, we are once again forecasting a diminishment in our online advertising efficiencies on a year-over-year basis. Part of this has to do with the absence of Easter in Q2, but part of it also has to do with our expectations, but the efficiencies that we have achieved on a year-to-date basis will become more difficult to achieve as the quarter unfolds from this point forward. Keep in mind that Q2 gross bookings and revenue are always backend loaded from a seasonal perspective and this is even more pronounced this year due to Easter not falling in the beginning part of Q2. As for expected GAAP results, we expect to report a GAAP EPS of between $0.80 to $0.95 per share. The difference between our GAAP and pro forma results will be driven primarily by the inclusion of acquisition related amortization, stock-based compensation and certain income tax expenses all of which are non-cash in nature. Now for a few comments on full year 2008; we are going to limit our detailed guidance mainly to gross bookings and earnings, but I will try to offer some additional qualitative thoughts along the way, that will hopefully help those of you who are working on detailed quarterly financial forecast for the remainder of 2008. I will start with gross bookings guidance. We are forecasting total gross bookings of between $7.5 billion and $7.9 billion for full year 2008. The mid point of this range represents an expected annual increase of approximately 60%, which we expect will result in our gaining significant market share from all of our major competitors during 2008. From a profit perspective, we are expecting to achieve approximately $340 million to $365 million of pro forma EBITDA excluding stock-base compensation for the year. We expect that our full year pro forma cash tax rate will be approximately 20% in 2008 up from 2007 levels due to our expectation that are international pre-tax profits, which are subject to cash income taxes, will grow at a faster rate than our US pre-tax profits, which are subject only to very minimal taxes due to our ability to utilize substantial net operating loss carry forwards. As for pro forma EPS, we are forecasting a range of between $5.25 and $5.65 per share. This pro forma EPS forecast would translate to GAAP EPS of between $3.50 and $3.90. And quickly well among the subject of GAAP, I want to briefly follow-up on an upcoming accounting rule change, that we have been highlighting in our public filings for the last year and which we will continue to highlight in the 10-Q that we file tomorrow. [FSB APB14A] is a new rule that we expect the FASB to officially adopt within the next month. The rule requires that issuers with low coupon convertible debt such as Priceline, recognize additional non-cash interest expense as if the convertible debt had been issued as straight debt, without any conversion feature. The rule change will have no impact on our cash earnings per share, because as I just mentioned, any incremental interest expense associated with the rule change will be non-cash in nature. Accordingly as is the case with other non-cash charges, they are excluded from our pro forma results. We intend to remove this non-cash interest expense from our pro forma earnings in 2009 and beyond. We do not expect to adopt the rule change until 2009, and so we do not expect the rule change to impact our 2008 GAAP results. Here a few more clarifying points on our forward guidance. First, well we are not going to give out the international and domestic components of the gross bookings guidance for the back half of 2008. I can tell you that it is our expectation that the forecasted annualized gross booking growth rate for both our international businesses and our domestic businesses will come down on a quarterly sequential basis in both Q3 and Q4. Second, the forecast for both Q2 and the remainder of 2008, assume that the Euro versus Dollar exchange rate remains at the same $1.54 per Euro that exists as of today. Third, our forecast assumes that the average unit selling prices of our domestic hotel service, which have recently been running roughly 2% to 3% ahead of last year, continue to run at that same growth rate throughout the remainder of Q2 and 2008. The average unit selling prices of our international hotels service, which have recently been running roughly flat on a year-over-year basis, continue to run up at that same flat rate for the remainder of Q2 and 2008. Fourth, we are not forecasting the same favorable operating leverage for the remainder of 2008 as compared to Q1, due primarily to the assumption that we will become less efficient in our online advertising spend for the reminder of the year. So far our actually quarter-to-date results do not indicate any material diminishment in our international online efficiencies. However, as I just mentioned we still have a lot of the quarter in front of us, with June being our single biggest month for ad spend in the quarter. Given this factor and given that the cost of online spend is ultimately driven by an increasingly competitive marketplace, we still believe that it is prudent to forecast this expected loss of advertising efficiency for the reminder of 2008. Lastly, while we are not planning to give specific quarterly guidance for Q3 and Q4, we do expect that the year-over-year growth rates in pro forma EPS will be roughly the same for both Q3 and Q4. Finally before I turn the call over for questions I wanted to repeat and emphasize a general cautionary point that we made on our last earnings call. Up until this point our businesses have performed very well in the current economic environments both here in the United States and abroad. All of the guidance that I just gave presumes that we will continue to operate in similar economic conditions that exist today. For instance, as my guidance indicates we are projecting very strong year-over-year unit growth in both the US and Europe for the reminder of 2008, despite what could potentially be a worsening economic environment. Our guidance also assumes no deterioration in the average selling prices of our services, despite some broad industry trends within our various supplier networks that potentially could point and lead to subsequent deterioration. While our numbers to-date gives us reason to believe that we should fair better than any other companies in this environment, we want us stress that we do not believe that we are immune to or benefit from deteriorating economic factors. Overall economic pressures did strain our unit sales, our average unit selling prices. For the value of the euro relative to the dollar, will certainly put our forecast at significant risk. I will also point out as I have done in previous calls that all of our forecasts are based upon assumptions that we will continue operating in the consumer travel market that is roughly similar to the current one. Any terrorist event particularly within the United States or Europe would in all likelihood have a negative impact on the travel market in general and our operating results in particular. With that we would be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Scott Barry at Credit Suisse.
Scott Barry - Credit Suisse:  Hi, guys. I was just curious, is there any way you can give us some sense for what your organic growth rates look like in some of the more established markets like the UK, Germany etcetera?
Bob Mylod: No, Scott we really do not breakout growth rates by market other than to say that Continental Europe has been and continues to grow at a faster rate then the UK. Some of the newer markets specially once we move into Eastern Europe's Scandinavia and Asia are growing at faster rates than Western Europe, but without getting into any specific country’s growth rate.
Operator: Thank you our next question comes from Vance Edelson at Morgan Stanley.
Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley:  Thanks. In term of marketing and specifically the way you go are going to position the brand and the message you are going to have for customers, do you see any changes during the remainder of the year in order to try and capitalize on your value focus. I guess in light of competitors of yours that their plans on launching a new campaign. Any changes in tact are expected.
Jeff Boyd:  I do not want to get very specifically into what we might or might not do in the future for competitive reasons but I do feel comfortable saying that we feel its been very successful so far this year to point at differentiated products and places where we have an advantage of lower price point something different and I think you can expect us to continue to emphasize that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Millman at Soleil Securities.
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities :  Thank you. Regarding international hotels does the growth come primarily from increasing the number of hotels in certain markets or does it comes from increasing the amount of buyers or users within a certain ex-country because you done by advertising there or is that you are relatively new there?
Jeff Boyd: It is really a combination of factors adding hotel inventory definitely helps and as you can see from the press release, we are offering over 45,000 hotels through booking dot com now. So that absolutely helps, but you have to apply distribution to those hotels as well and that can come from establish markets, where we have a presence, but it also can come from new markets where we are opening up. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Justin Post at Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Yes. Could you talk a little bit about a Booking.com brand are you seeing any cross border travel there in the United States. Then just I am just thinking more strategically obviously you are on top of your game right now, what do you think like the investment areas that you could put some of the profits or things that you are doing to work or it just more of maybe buying back stock? What do you see just longer terms some of the investment areas for the company?
Jeff Boyd: Justin in terms of the first question, you do see the Booking.com brand in the Untied States from time-to-time, but majority of the business that we are riding these days is European customers, who are booking hotels in the United States. With respect to new investment areas I think you can see from looking at our income statement that we are investing a tremendous amount of money in marketing our products both here in the United States and overseas and we intend to continue doing that. If you look at what we have done in the past in terms of more of capital intensive transactions, we have opportunistically been buyers of own common stock and we have been active in the M&A market. So, that will give you an indication of some other things we might do in the future if the circumstances were right.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney of Citi.
Mark Mahaney - Citi: Thank you. Could you provide a little more detail on those marketing efficiencies that you saw particularly in Europe, was there any changes in pricing trends for key word advertising, where the new types of advertising channels that you use, that help you to gain those efficiencies? Then just a quick question on Agoda looks like that growth rate continues to ramp, I assume its triple digits something like that year-over-year. Can you maybe talk about some of the country markets, where I know the number still relatively small versus your overall business, but near-term or early stage, which country market seem to be doing the best. Thank you very much.
Jeff Boyd: On the marketing front and this is consistent with, what we have said in previous calls. We are going to be very circumspect in commenting on exactly how we are gaining marketing efficiencies because it is competitively sensitive. However, I do feel comfortable and saying that one of the reasons that we continue to do well as that we the mix of the markets that we operate in tends to be more divestment some of the competition. Some of the newer markets just do not have as much competition for online advertising as a very mature market like the UK might. So, having lot of inventory and a widely distributed business I think helps us in that regard and Bob with respect to Agoda?
Bob Mylod:  Yes, as far Agoda, Mark we are not giving out organic growth rates of Agoda, but yes, you have a very safe assumption that Agoda grew on a triple-digit basis even on an organic basis. We are cautiously optimistic about the start that we have with Agoda. Although, we have a lot of work to do there, on a whole bunch of fronts and we view 2008 as a year of investment and our goal obviously as when we get into 2009 and 2010 that Agoda and Booking.com in Asia become a more important part of the story. As for the countries specifics, my answer would be similar concerning where we are generating our bookings. We are not going to give specific countries, but as we have talked about historically Agoda is much more focused on the region South of China and East of India. So, places like Thailand and Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia are several countries to mention just a few of them Australia, New Zealand as well. That is where we seeing the core amount of our bookings in the growth. That is I have to say that we do not also expect to be an important player ultimately and China and India just at initially those are our core markets.
Operato: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jennifer Watson at Goldman Sachs.
Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs: Great, thank you. Can you guys provide a little more color on the trends you are seeing in the opaque business in terms of traffic and buying rates?
Jeff Boyd: Jennifer, I think if you look at the improvement in the gross rate of our merchant gross bookings that tells you that the business is continuing to convert very well. As I mentioned in my remarks I think the suppliers are looking for the revenue management opportunities and thinking about the opaque channel, when they are seeing softness in their occupancies or in their forward bookings and so I think that growth rate is really evidence that we got good suppliers support and business is converting well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Imran Khan at JPMorgan.
Imran Khan - JPMorgan: Hi, thank you for taking my questions. I was wondering if you can talk a little bit about what kink of trends you are seeing on customer acquisition in the US. You talked about an International listing efficiencies. Would you elaborate on what trends you are seeing in the US market in terms of customer acquisition? Secondly, have you seen an increase in promotional inventory due to the occupancy decline. Thank you.
Jeff Boyd: As I think in terms of the trends we are seeing in the United States, we have been very pleased by the customer reaction to the offline advertising that we have been running so far. The negotiator campaign got some new spots and we think they are very funny into the point and if you look at the acceleration in our domestic gross bookings, I think that provides support for that thesis. We continue to also work aggressively in online channels and search partner marketing and to try to operate aggressively in channels where our product can particularly serve well in places where you have got shoppers that are more prices conscious and less brand loyal, and again, I think we are seeing good results there.
Bob Mylod: As it relates to the hotel inventory question in the US, I think we are as Jeff mentioned in his prepared remarks, we think that while we do not, we never are rooting for a recession, it is true that in a down environment there is potentially opportunities specially on the opaque side of our business, for hotels to take advantage of the utility that we provide them which allows them to sell excess inventory at prices bellow retail without impairing the integrity of their overall retail prices. Yes, we have seen some evidence that some of our hotels are taking advantage of that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald of Bank of America.
Brian Fitzgerald - Bank of America: Thanks. Have you seen a change in US or UK traveler behavior attributed all the macro pressure, short of flights short of stays or trips to less expensive destinations? Then Agoda and any color in the degree of cross geography mix there, I think you have said inventory integration for Agoda would start in '09 and is there as chance we would see that earlier? Thanks.
Jeff Boyd: In terms of traveler behavior we really do not have any thing that comes from our own data to give you on that front. I think you can see in the industry data that is coming out about Airline traffic and load factors and hotel occupancy and yields up there. There has been evidence of some softening. On the Agoda front, we do have our hotel inventory available on Agoda and we are seeing some reservations, but it is really too small to be talking about at this point in time.
Operator: Okay, your next question comes from Aaron Kessler with Piper Jaffray.
Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray:
 : Thanks, couple of quick questions. First, can you talk about impact -- I know it is early -- that you are seeing from your hotel promotion in the US. Also do you think European business could also be somewhat cyclical essentially gaining share in weaker market people are looking to do more comparison shopping online? Thank you.
Jeff Boyd:  On the hotel promotion is too early to comment on that. I think even after this later we probably will not do much commenting on it. It is just one of the number of promotions that we have run in the past. With respect to whether their international business is cyclical, we believe that having great inventory and availability, more hotels and more availability, and good pricing, good market pricing makes our site a great place to shop, f you are looking for the lowest price. However, I do not think it puts us in the same posture that we are here in the United States where we really viewed as a discount brand. I do not know if that is helpful to you, but that is the way we look at it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Justin Post with Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Thank you my question was already asked. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Millman with Soleil Securities.
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Thank you. Two things could you tell us how many hotels, comparing the 45,000 hotels with what you had a year ago and in the US on the 83% air ticket increase. What do you think that is coming from the airlines did not seem to have a lot more passengers in the quarter? So, do you think it is coming from the supplier side or some other OTAs ?
Bob Mylod: Michael, you mean where is this market share are coming from?
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities:  Yes
Bob Mylod: Yes, It is coming probably mainly the OTAs at least based upon the earnings announcements that we have heard in last few days from our competitors. We grew our domestic business at a substantially faster rate than both Expedia and Orbitz and we assume that we grow our airline ticket business at a substantially faster rate. Keep in mind though, that even though we are growing very quickly on the airline ticket business we are very, very small fraction of either Expedia or Orbitz. So, well indeed it will look like we are taking share I would positive to say that probably Expedia and Orbitz barely even noticed at in their numbers. They are obviously having their own trends, but the decline in year-over-year gross booking that Orbitz reported I can assure you it was not because Priceline – that we grew our airline ticket business rapidly on year-over-year basis.
Jeff Boyd: On the other question in terms what the hotel count was a year ago compared to the 45,000 hotels in Europe today. I do not have that exact number for you. We can get it for you, but it is up by many, many thousands of hotels.
Operator: Our final questions come from Mark Mahaney at Citi.
Mark Mahaney - Citi:  Thanks. Just want to get back to the US marketing, whether clearly market shares gains for you there and that is the advantage you have of the high value or great value or super value brand you had for years and there is also the difference in the booking fees. Is there anyway you can tell you can break apart those elements maybe there are surveys that you have done, figured out which of those maybe greater as a factor in driving incremental share over the last two or three quarters. Thank you very much.
Jeff Boyd: Mark, I think looking at the numbers the increase in the number of airline tickets that we are writing tells you that the booking fee change did have an impact. I think that is discernible when looking at the numbers, but there is also no question that the other businesses, the Name Your Own Price Hotel and Rental Car and our packages business are performing well under the circumstances. What I think the mix of all of these products is allowed us to do as to consistently have a number of different powerful value marketing messages in the marketplace supported by our TV advertising. I think that helps all of our products, when customers are consistently reminded, oh they have better prices on hotels. Oh, they also have better prices on airline tickets. Oh they sell packages. I think it just very helpful for us to consistently hammer at that value message and I think that is why the business is performed well as a whole.
Operator: Gentlemen did you have any concluding remarks?
Jeff Boyd: Thank you all very much for participating in the call.
Operator: This concludes your call. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-14 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeffery H. Boyd - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Robert J. Mylod Jr. - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs Aaron M. Kessler - Piper Jaffray Mark Mahaney - Citigroup  Justin Post - Merrill Lynch Imran Khan - J.P.Morgan Brian Fitzgerald - Banc of America Jake Fuller - Thomas Weisel Partners 
Operator: Welcome to Priceline’s fourth quarter 2007 conference call. Priceline would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied, or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Priceline’s actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of Priceline’s earnings press release, as well as Priceline’s most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Unless required by law, Priceline undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. A copy of Priceline’s earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the investor relations section of Priceline’s website, located at www.priceline.com.  And now I’d like to introduce Priceline’s speakers for this afternoon -- Jeff Boyd and Bob Mylod. Go ahead, gentlemen. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: Thank you very much and welcome to Priceline’s fourth quarter conference call. I am here with Priceline’s CFO Bob Mylod. Priceline reported accelerating gross bookings growth in both our international and domestic operations for the fourth quarter. Gross bookings of $1.2 billion were up 62% year over year. Pro forma gross profit of $161 million was up 61% and pro forma net income was $46 million, or $0.96 per share, up 66%.  Fourth quarter results surpassed the high end of our guidance and First Call consensus estimates of $0.84 per share, due to better than forecast results in Europe and the United States. For the full year, Priceline reported gross bookings of $4.8 billion, up 46% versus 2006, and pro forma net income of $4.04 per share, a 99% increase over 2006.  Our international business had an excellent quarter, with $680 million in gross bookings and a growth rate of 113%, representing the third consecutive quarter of accelerating growth. International gross bookings benefited from robust demand, growth in new markets, increasing unit prices, favorable currency exchange rates, and the addition of Agoda, which added bookings of $13.4 million in the quarter.  Priceline’s domestic growth rate accelerated to 24% in the fourth quarter from 19% in the third quarter. Domestic merchant gross bookings were up 11% in the fourth quarter despite the difficult comparable with the Orbitz business in 2006. Merchant growth was attributable to growth in opaque and retail hotel merchant room night sales and growth in unit sales of opaque rental cars.  Overall bookings growth was enhanced by a 34% increase in the sale of airline tickets, driven by retail ticket sales.  Our international business continues to show high growth rates in the large continental markets but we are also pleased to see the results from new markets making a positive contribution to overall growth. We also continued to build the means to share hotel inventory among our brands and monetize demand across international markets. We are also benefiting from growing repeat business to booking.com and other booking-branded sites where we continue to focus our online brand building.  The international business is off to a good start in 2008 and our first quarter guidance calls for bookings growth of between 85% and 90%.  Priceline’s domestic business had another good quarter based on a continued strategy of building our value brand and execution of initiatives to improve our services and distribution. The result, we believe, is leading growth rates for the top and bottom lines.  Merchant results show our supplier partners continued to use our services to exploit revenue management opportunities and to fill in during periods of soft demand. The domestic business is off to a good start in 2008 as well, with new advertising and online and website marketing initiatives. We are seeing continued acceleration of domestic growth rates.  Both the domestic and international business showed good earnings leverage in 2007 despite the negative impact of the airline ticket fee reductions on domestic gross margins. While we do not plan operational changes that would have a negative impact on operating margins, I wanted to mention a few items.  First, our advertising efficiency exceeded our expectations worldwide in 2007, creating a difficult comp in competitive markets. We are not assuming that we can repeat that over-performance. Moreover, the aforementioned fee elimination, while driving growth in gross bookings, will negatively impact domestic gross margins.  There is significant concern over the impact of recessionary trends on the online travel category. As you can see, our fourth quarter results do not reflect a significant slowdown -- quite the contrary. We believe our brands and services are particularly attractive to customers and suppliers in times of economic stress and results over the past few months bear out that thesis.  Accordingly, we have provided guidance based on current observed trends in the business and not on an assumption that these trends will deteriorate in future months due to continued economic woes. The fact remains that it is possible that the category could suffer beyond effects observed to date if conditions worsen.  With a diverse global business, we believe we are well-positioned to deliver sales and earnings growth at the top of market rates and to continue investing substantial resources in building on our leadership position in global hotel sales. Our brands booked 27.8 million room nights in 2007, up 49% year over year. We now operate in over 60 countries in North America, Europe, Asia, the Middle East, and Africa, with content available in 22 languages. Many of these markets continue to experience robust growth in economic activity, travel, and Internet use. We are excited by the opportunity to use these assets to growth the business in 2008 and beyond.  I will now turn the call over to Bob for the detailed financial review. 
Robert J. Mylod Jr.: Thanks, Jeff. Fourth quarter of 2007 was another in an uninterrupted string of strong quarters that we’ve been experiencing for the past several years. Internationally, we turned in gross bookings growth that significantly exceeded our expectations, driven by continued strong unit sales, increasing unit prices, which were up approximately 6% year over year, continued strength of the Euro and the Pound relative to the dollar, and the contribution of Agoda.com which added approximately $13.4 million to our international gross bookings for the quarter.  As Jeff just mentioned, our international gross bookings of $680 million grew by 113% on a year-over-year basis. Excluding Agoda, our international gross bookings grew by 109%, which for the third consecutive quarter represented a quarterly sequential increase in the year-over-year gross bookings growth rate on both a dollar basis as well as on a local currency basis.  In the U.S., our gross bookings continued the accelerating growth trend that began in Q3. What is particularly encouraging about our U.S. gross bookings growth is that it is not only coming from increased retail airline tickets driven by our no-fee initiative. The growth is also coming from our core merchant products, which delivered double-digit gross bookings growth for the second consecutive quarter.  As was the case in Q3, this continued growth in our merchant businesses drove increased gross profits and gross margins that more than offset the modest gross profit declines associated with the no-fee retail airline initiative.  From an expense perspective, we were able to keep our expenses, especially our variable expenses, well under control and as a result, we were able to deliver another strong quarter of operating leverage in which EBITDA and net income expressed as a percentage of gross profit improved by several hundred basis points on a year-over-year basis.  I won’t go into each line item of the P&L as I think they are very well-covered in our press release and our stats supplement, but suffice it to say that we did substantially better than forecast with respect to gross bookings, revenue, and gross profit, and almost all of our operating expenses. As has been the case for almost the entire year, we did have a few negative expense variances relative to our forecast, but all of the negative expense variances were driven by factors that drove our profits upward.  Specifically, our personnel expenses came in higher than forecast because we accrued higher-than-expected performance based employee bonuses due to the large upside in operating profit during the quarter.  Second, our pro forma income tax expense came in higher than our prior guidance due to the strong pretax income performance in Europe, where our NOLs do not apply and where we are a taxpayer.  Finally, we incurred approximately $1.4 million of foreign exchange losses, primarily associated with FX hedging activities due to the increase in the value of the Euro and the Pound, the two principal foreign currencies with which we transact in Europe, relative to the dollar. These losses were more than offset by favorable FX earnings translations for our European operations, which flowed through each line item of our income statement.  As I mentioned earlier, our European gross bookings metric was positively impacted by FX in the fourth quarter and our statistical supplement shows our European gross bookings growth on a local currency basis.  From an EPS perspective, the only other negative variance relative to forecast was in our share count. Our pro forma diluted share count increased by 24% on a year-over-year basis, which was higher than expected, due almost entirely to the significant increases in our stock price, which we experienced during the quarter, and which resulted in an increasing amount of shares associated with our convertible debt to be counted in our diluted share count.  Despite this headwind, we reported pro forma net income of $0.96 per share, which represented 66% year-over-year growth and as Jeff said, handily bested both our guidance of $0.77 to $0.85 per share and First Call consensus estimates of $0.84 per share.  We reported GAAP net income of $0.68 per share, up 106% versus last year, which consistent with our pro forma net income over-performance, came in substantially higher than our prior guidance. All of the pro forma adjustments to the expenses in our P&L were generally consistent with our prior guidance. We did recognize some unforecasted income from several million dollars of positive income tax benefits and a lawsuit settlement, both of which were backed out of our pro forma results because of their non-recurring nature.  As for cash and cash flow, we generated approximately $66 million in operating cash flow during the quarter, up 108% year over year. As for our cash balances, we began the quarter with $518 million of cash and marketable securities, and we closed the quarter with $512 million of cash and marketable securities, representing a $6 million decrease in our cash during the quarter.  Total capital expenditures in the fourth quarter were approximately $5 million, bringing our full year CapEx to $16 million. This amount includes all money spent on capital equipment and internally developed software.  Keep in mind that in the fourth quarter, we expended $60 million of cash to buy back a part of the minority interest in our principal international subsidiary that contains the booking.com business, and we also expended approximately $15 million of cash on acquisitions, including the acquisition of Agoda, which was completed during the quarter.  And now for a few comments on guidance -- I’ll start with some fairly specific line item guidance for the first quarter of 2008 and then I’ll finish with some broader guidance for full year 2008.  We’re looking for first quarter gross bookings to grow by approximately 60% to 65% on a year-over-year basis, with international gross bookings from booking.com and Agoda growing approximately 85% to 90% on a year-over-year basis and domestic gross bookings growing by approximately 35%.  As we have mentioned to investors many times in previous calls, the comparables are getting tougher for our international business, given the sheer size of the business, hence the forecasted quarterly sequential decline in the international growth rate from Q4 to Q1. Nevertheless, the projected growth rates in international gross bookings are certainly in excess of any forecast that we had several months ago and we believe they are reflective of: one, the very strong tailwinds that the online hotel industry continues to have internationally; two, the superior business model that we believe we have operating within that industry; and three, the outstanding management execution that we are delivering internationally.  Domestically, our projected 35% growth rate implies a very material quarterly sequential increase from Q4 levels. Jeff just mentioned that our growth rates are benefiting from the no-fee initiative in our airline ticket sales, as is plainly evident in our airline ticket unit sale metrics. But we are also optimistic about our ability to deliver double-digit growth in our higher margin merchant businesses during the quarter as well.  We expect pro forma revenue to grow by approximately 30% on a year-over-year basis. We expect pro forma gross profit dollars to grow by approximately 55% to 60% on a year-over-year basis.  As for Q1 operating expenses, we are targeting consolidated advertising expenses of approximately $68 million to $71 million, with approximately 85% of that amount being spent on online advertising. We expect sales and marketing expense of between $15 million and $16 million. We expect personnel costs excluding stock-based compensation to come in between $27 million to $29 million.  We expect G&A expenses of approximately $11 million to $12 million, information technology costs of approximately $5.5 million to $6 million, and depreciation and amortization expenses excluding acquisition amortization of approximately $4.3 million.  We expect total below the line positive impact of approximately $800,000, which comprises net income, foreign exchange expense, equity and income of Priceline Mortgage, and minority interest expense.  We are targeting pro forma EPS of approximately $0.50 to $0.60 per share and our pro forma EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax of approximately $5 million, comprised of alternative minimum tax in the United States and income taxes, primarily in Europe.  Our pro forma EPS guidance is based upon a pro forma diluted share count of approximately 49 million shares, which is based on last night’s closing stock price of $104.96.  This share count represents a substantial increase on a year-over-year basis, due primarily to the increase in treasury stock method shares associated with our convertible debt caused by the substantial increase in our stock price.  As for expected GAAP results, we expect to report a GAAP EPS of between $0.16 to $0.26 per share. The difference between our GAAP and pro forma results will be driven primarily by the inclusion of acquisition related amortization, stock-based compensation, and certain income tax expenses, all of which are non-cash in nature.  And now for a few comments on full year 2008 -- we are going to limit our detailed guidance mainly to gross bookings and earnings but I will try to offer some additional qualitative thoughts along the way that will hopefully help those of you who are working on detailed quarterly financial forecasts for 2008 and beyond.  I’ll start with gross bookings guidance. We’re forecasting total gross bookings of between $7 billion and $7.3 billion for the full year 2008. The mid-point of this range represents an expected annual increase of 48%, which we expect will result in our gaining significant market share from all of our major competitors during 2008.  While we are not going to give out the international and domestic components of that guidance, I can tell you that it is our expectation that the forecasted annual growth rates that I just gave for the first quarter of 2008 are expected to be the high water marks for both our international businesses and our domestic business, and that we expect fairly steady declining gross booking growth rates for each of the remaining quarters of 2008 on both an international and domestic basis.  I’ll also add that this forecast assumes that average unit selling prices and foreign exchange rates remain roughly at their current levels throughout 2008.  From a profit perspective, we’re expecting to achieve approximately $300 million to $325 million of pro forma EBITDA excluding stock-based compensation for the year. While we’re not giving quarterly splits, I did want to say that we expect, as has been the case for several years now, that earnings expressed as a percentage of gross bookings and gross profit will be at its lowest in Q1 and at its highest in Q3 because of our expense in revenue recognition policies, which call for the expensing of advertising when incurred and the recognition of hotel commission revenue upon customer checkout of the hotel.  I also want to point out, however, that we expect that this year’s Q1 will represent a higher percentage of full-year pro forma EBITDA in 2008, as compared to 2007, and Q2 will represent a lower percentage of full-year pro forma EBITDA due to an earlier Easter holiday this year as compared to last year.  We expect that our pro forma cash tax rate will be approximately 20% in 2008, up from 2007 levels due to our expectation that our international pretax profits, which are subject to cash income taxes, will grow at a faster rate than our U.S. pretax profits, which are subject only to very minimal taxes due to our ability to utilize substantial net operating loss carry-forwards.  As for pro forma EPS, we are forecasting a range of between $4.80 and $5.10 per share, which would translate to GAAP EPS of between $3.25 and $3.55 per share. The midpoint of our pro forma EPS range represents 23% year-over-year growth.  As you’ll see, we are projecting that our pro forma EBITDA will grow at a faster rate than our pro forma EPS, primarily because our average diluted share count in 2008 is expected to be 10% higher than 2007 levels. This has to do with a topic that we have discussed in great detail in many of our previous earnings calls, namely that our diluted share count has and will continue to be affected by the inclusion of additional shares associated with our convertible debts. The amount of additional shares is in turn directly impacted by movements in our stock price.  Because our stock has increased so significantly on a year-over-year basis, our diluted share count has increased as well. While this additional diluted share count makes our 2008 EPS comparables more challenging, especially for the first half of 2008, I am pleased to say that with our stock at its current levels, we do not expect to experience any further material increases in our share count in the event that our stock price were to increase from its current levels.  Specifically, it would take roughly a 50% upward move in our current stock price to cause only a 3% increase in our diluted share count from current levels and so, while as I said the EPS comps will be difficult for us, especially in the first and second quarters of 2008, we expect that our annualized EPS growth rates will actually accelerate from that point forward and we expect to finish the year with a fourth quarter year-over-year pro forma EPS growth rate in excess of 30%.  Accordingly, because we expect to begin 2009 with a jumping off EPS growth rate well in excess of the average growth rate in 2008, we expect to be able to deliver continued strong pro forma EPS growth in 2009 and beyond.  We’ve updated the grid in our statistical supplement to help demonstrate this point. It shows investors what our potential pro forma diluted share counts would be for both Q1 2008 and full year 2008 based upon various hypothetical stock prices.  As we’ve said in previous earnings calls, we’re not going to get into the practice of predicting our stock price but we hope that this detailed data gives investors who have their own price targets a guidepost that they can use to forecast our pro forma EPS on an ongoing basis.  Finally, before I turn the call over for questions, I wanted to underscore a point that Jeff just made -- up until this point, our businesses have performed fairly well in the current economic environments, both here in the United States and abroad. All of the guidance that I just gave presumes that we will continue to operate in similar economic conditions as exist today. There is obviously a lot of chatter out there about looming recessions and how the online travel industry may behave in such environments. While we think our industry in general and Priceline in particular have reason to believe that we should fare better than many other industries and many other companies in such an environment, we want to stress that we don’t believe that we are immune to or benefit from deteriorating economic factors.  I’ll also point out, as I’ve done on previous calls, that all of our forecasts are based upon an assumption that we will continue to operate in a consumer travel market that is roughly similar to the current one, and any terrorist event, particularly within the United States or Europe, would in all likelihood have a negative impact on the travel market in general and our operating results in particular.  And with that, we would be happy to answer your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Jennifer Watson at Goldman Sachs. 
Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Can you just talk a little bit about the opportunity for Priceline to get a little more involved in an advertising-type model and why you would or would not pursue something along those lines?
Jeffery H. Boyd: I’d be happy to. As many of you know, we currently do participate in advertising, both on websites that we own, particularly here in the United States that are transactional websites, as well as on my travel guide, which is a small, advertising-based website. So we are in that business and advertising revenue is included in other income for Priceline.  We have not been as aggressive as some of our competition in trying to roll out advertising on our transactional pass and I think Priceline in particular is a little bit different because customers, particularly hotel customers who are coming to name their own price are very much determined to name their price and complete their transaction, and we are a little bit more reluctant to interpose something that could distract them from that task.  Having said that, we are going to keep our eye very carefully on what’s happening in the marketplace. We believe we’ve got a lot of unmonetized customers just as our competition does and we’ll be opportunistic about trying to turn that traffic into revenue where we can without hurting our brand and without hurting our transaction flows. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from Aaron Kessler of Piper Jaffray. 
Aaron M. Kessler - Piper Jaffray: Great quarter. Just one question and maybe a follow-up -- who do you think you are taking the most share from? Is it still traditional travel in 2008, traditional travel agencies or online competitors? Or is it some other set that we’re not thinking of?
Jeffery H. Boyd: I think for Priceline and for the competition as well, it’s still principally share that’s coming from offline sources, the traditional bricks and mortar travel agencies and consolidators. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney at Citigroup. 
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: Thank you. I think your strategy in the past has been to focus more on investing for growth in Europe and more on investing for margins and profitability in the U.S. The last two quarters with this acceleration that you are seeing in bookings, particularly in the air side, it seems like you -- is there a greater opportunity? Or maybe is there a rethink on the ability to get back to investing for growth again in the U.S. market in ’08? Thank you. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: Thanks, Mark. I think we’ve spent some time talking in the last couple of calls about the thinking behind eliminating the processing fee on airline tickets and we said a couple of things. The first is that the investment required for us to do that wasn’t that big an investment because the business traditionally has not been that big a business for us. And secondly, we thought that it was something that we could use uniquely to strengthen our overall brand position as a value player.  So I don’t think it represents a sea change in our thinking about trying to drive for profitability domestically. I think it just was an opportunity for us, unique to us to build our brand and do it with an investment that we thought we could handle. And as you can see, based on our P&L, we’ve been reporting earnings growth domestically that’s at the top of the market, so I think that strategy has worked. 
Robert J. Mylod Jr.: I would just add numerically that, as we talked about a lot on the last call, our domestic profits have been growing at a much faster rate in 2007 than the gross bookings growth rate, and that was due principally to a couple of big things. First, the fact that we didn’t have the Orbitz private label business that generated quite a bit of bookings but did not generate much of any profit, as well as a very concerted effort to change our approach to online advertising to manage to higher ROIs.  We were very successful in achieving those goals in 2007. The guidance that we’re giving for 2008, hopefully what happens is that we can maintain those goals but as you can see from the guidance that we just gave, we’re also generating some pretty decent top line growth. Hopefully domestically we can maintain the relationships that we were able to achieve in 2007 and not sacrifice any growth doing it. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Post at Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: A couple of questions -- Bob and Jeff, in the Internet space there’s a big temptation to invest in technology and marketing. We’ve seen some of your competitors do so. Where are you with that as you look out the next two or three years? How do you feel about your technology platform and where you are at on marketing spend right now?
Robert J. Mylod Jr.: I think if you look at our income statement, we have been spending very aggressively in marketing and in fact, our marketing expenses have gone up very significantly in each year of the last three years, so in any particular place where we think there is a reasonable ROI on our spend, we’ve been willing to spend.  With respect to technology, I think if you look at what has happened across our properties, we have been able to expand our products and services and our functionality at what I think is an excellent rate. We’re offering new products and adding new hotels and geographies as fast as anybody in the space, so I think our technology spend has been sufficient to support very significant growth of our top line.  The one thing that we have not done is entered into an effort to try to build a single, monolithic technology platform to support the operations of all of our businesses. The level of complexity in doing that is very, very high and as a result the cost is high and the amount of time it takes to do it is high and I think that’s one of the principal reasons that our CapEx has been at levels that are very much lower than that of our competition. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Imran Khan at J.P.Morgan.
Imran Khan - J.P.Morgan: Thank you for taking my questions -- two questions; one, drilling down about your international growth, clearly international is growing very significantly. Some of other Internet companies talked about weakness in the U.K. market, primarily on the pricing, average pricing side. Have you seen any weakness in the U.K. market? And looking forward, which are some of the countries that you are seeing the biggest growth opportunity in 2008?
Jeffery H. Boyd: Imran, we don’t really talk too much about any of the specific countries. It is true that some of the unit pricing has been maybe a little bit more challenged in the U.K. but as we’ve also talked about extensively over the last couple of years, we have so much more exposure to continental Europe that perhaps our business wasn’t quite as impacted by on an overall basis by changes in ADR in the United Kingdom.  As I said in my prepared remarks, the ADRs in Europe were up about 6% on a year-over-year basis, so the market has remained fairly vibrant there. I also said in my remarks that at this point, we’re not expecting any increases from these levels. There obviously is a lot of talk of potential economic challenges in Europe, so we are not forecasting any increases beyond the ones that we certainly achieved in 2007. On the other hand, we’re not forecasting any decreases either.  And in terms of where we are looking to grow, it’s really everywhere -- by the way, including in some of the most mature markets, such as the United Kingdom and the United States. We are trying to add hotels in every single market, including the ones that are the so-called mature markets. And then obviously we are moving eastward across continental Europe into Eastern Europe and really, as we’ve said now for several quarters, the booking.com business is not a European business anymore. It’s really an international business, so we are opening up offices and adding hotel inventory again and the United States is one place but also in the Middle East, in South Africa, and now into Asia, the Pacific Rim through both booking.com and Agoda.  So it’s really -- we’re going everywhere we think that there are people that want to book hotels and where there are hotels that are looking to get online access. That’s where we are going. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald with Banc of America.
Brian Fitzgerald - Banc of America: Thanks, guys. A couple of quick ones -- would you argue that the European business is better hedged for downturns, considering it’s just hotels, no air exposure? And in initial downturns, you would assume consumers still travel but maybe less so via air? And then, what impact are you factoring into your guidance from the ’08 Olympics? Thanks. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: On the second question first, I don’t think there’s any impact for the ’08 Olympics inherent in any of our guidance. We’re not in business in China and so that’s just not a factor for us.  With respect to the first question, I don’t think that we necessarily view the European business as better hedged, all economic conditions being equal. We think both of our businesses are well positioned to perform in times of economic softness but for different reasons.  In the United States, the value brand drives consumers who are looking to save money to Priceline and our opaque product allows suppliers to discount when they need to without cutting their published prices. So I think our business is uniquely positioned to perform well in times of recession in the United States.  In Europe, I think the business is also positioned well to perform during times of economic stress because our extensive inventory and pricing and availability allows consumers to shop the largest possible hotel inventory for the lowest price. And because we have the lowest distribution cost for our hotel suppliers, if they are starting to feel the pinch a little bit, they should be aggressive in giving us inventory and ultimately demand is elastic and if hotels reduce their prices, we’re the best place for somebody to come to find those low prices.  The other thing that I would add is that I think the European economy is more complex and really potentially not necessarily as affected by disruptions in the financial markets and in the housing market, which have been so material here in the United States and the signs of economic distress have not been as consistent across Europe as they seem to have been over the last couple of months here in the United States. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jake Fuller at Thomas Weisel Partners.
Jake Fuller - Thomas Weisel Partners: Good afternoon, guys, a couple of things; U.S. agency revenue, can you give us that number?
Robert J. Mylod Jr.: Sure. I think it’s in the press release. It was $106 million, agency revenue, which as you know is mainly Europe, Jake. And we don’t break -- beyond that, we don’t break literally by product or by geographic region. 
Jake Fuller - Thomas Weisel Partners: I thought historically you had given us a sense of what the international agency and U.S. agency revenues were separately. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: I think, Jake, if you take the total agency number and subtract the international, which is almost all agency, that gives you the -- 
Robert J. Mylod Jr.: Yeah, that’s a close proxy. 
Jake Fuller - Thomas Weisel Partners: The bookings number -- can you also give us the revenue number?
Robert J. Mylod Jr.: Again, Jake, other than to say that it’s substantially mostly internationally, I don’t think -- that’s not something that we’ve broken out in these quarterly calls. And again, not that we’re trying to hide anything here -- it’s just I don’t have the number. 
Jake Fuller - Thomas Weisel Partners: In terms of consolidation in the airline business, how might that impact you, particularly on the opaque air side? Who’s your biggest supplier?
Jeffery H. Boyd: Jake, I don’t want to tell you who our biggest suppliers are but I will say that the legacy carriers are all participating with Priceline to one degree or another, and in the opaque business, airlines like American, Delta, Northwest, and United have been excellent partners of ours over the years, to the extent that they think it’s in the best interest of their business to consolidate -- and I can understand why some of them would -- we would be very supportive of those efforts and while it’s, all things being equal, better to have more competition for distribution, especially for our opaque system, we think that the overarching importance is to have a healthy airline business and profitable airlines. And so we stand ready to do whatever we can to help the airlines meet their revenue management needs, even if there is some consolidation. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Post at Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking my follow-up question. Bob, a couple of questions on the hotels -- did you give the total partners that you have now in Europe? And the room nights, it really looked like it accelerated in total. It did, 55% increase in room nights. Could you break that down between U.S. and Europe and tell us what accelerated more in the quarter?
Robert J. Mylod Jr.: We don’t break out room nights by region but again, most of the growth is coming internationally and in terms of the number of hotels, you’re right -- we didn’t put that in our prepared remarks but it’s over 40,000 hotels at this point, Justin. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney at Citigroup.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: Great, thanks. I don’t think you’ll specifically quantify the answer to these but qualitatively, you’re bringing the booking.com brand into the U.S., we’ve seen it show up in search engines. Has it become material at all? And the Agoda, after a quarter now of it being part of your solution set in the Asia-Pacific region, can you give us a sense of what kind of ramp you could expect for that? Maybe not as a percentage of revenue but what kind of growth trajectory you could see there, or maybe compare it with what you initially saw out of booking.com in Europe? Thank you. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: Maybe I’ll hit the first one and then Bob can hit the Agoda question. With respect to the booking.com brand showing up in search engines in the United States, I think you absolutely have seen that. Bookings content is available in the English language and we participate with the search engine, so that’s just a natural incident of that. I don’t -- we’re not going to quantify how big that business is but we’ve been fairly up-front about saying our principal goal, at least to date with booking.com, is to sell U.S. hotel rooms to European travelers. That initiative is going well and it represents the larger part of our business by far with U.S. hotels at booking.com. 
Robert J. Mylod Jr.: And as for Agoda, Mark, it is sort of hard to compare Agoda to either booking.com or Active Hotels at the time that we bought the businesses because both booking.com and Active Hotels were much more mature at the time that we bought them. They were in several hundred million dollar gross bookings and profitable. Agoda is much more earlier stage and break-even.  Now, having said that, you can see we announced a little over $13 million of gross bookings for the two-month period that we owned Agoda, which is up very substantially from the run-rates that they’ve been running at earlier in the year and so they are running at triple digit rates and we are very pleased so far with everything that is going on at Agoda.  But as we also said, Agoda is very much in the investment mode. We’re hiring people, we’re building infrastructure, and we’re starting to work on ways of integrating our products -- ours being both Priceline’s as well as booking.com’s into the Agoda suite of products and that’s going to be something that’s going to take place really over a number of years.  But so far we are very pleased with what we are seeing out of Agoda. 
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Aaron Kessler at Piper Jaffray. 
Aaron M. Kessler - Piper Jaffray: Just a quick question on how you are thinking about the domestic business in terms of weighing on one hand the strong value proposition you offer to both consumers and suppliers and a softening travel market, combined with the fact that consumers may be cutting back on the traveling? Also, maybe if you could talk a little bit about just maybe the demographics of your U.S. consumer on Priceline. Thank you. 
Jeffery H. Boyd: I think traditionally, we have seen the demographic profile of Priceline’s customers in the United States to be more consistent with broad demographic trends than our brand might indicate. I think over the years, people came to the impression that Priceline was addressing a lower demographic in terms of income and perhaps education and it’s just not the case.  So we’re broadly representative of the Internet using population and I think that the thing that we hope to represent in tough economic times is an opportunity for a broader subset of customers to use the website, not just the most value-conscious but folks that are becoming value conscious because they are starting to feel a pinch in their pocket book. And that’s one of the reasons over the last three or four years we’ve very dramatically expanded the offerings to try to have some for a much broader slice of the population, and so no fee on airline tickets is something that virtually anybody who buys an airline ticket on the Internet would find attractive.  And then for the more aggressive deal shoppers, you’ve got packages, name your own price, et cetera. 
Operator: Thank you, gentlemen, and thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation. That does conclude Priceline’s fourth quarter 2007 conference call. You may disconnect your lines and have a great day.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-11-13 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Boyd – President, CEO, Director Bob Mylod - CFO  
Analysts:  Jen Watson – Goldman Sachs Chris Gutek – Morgan Stanley Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray Justin Post - Merrill Lynch Brian Fitzgerald -Banc of AmericaSecurities Mark Mahaney -Citigroup Bridget Wyshar - JPMorgan Jake Fuller - ThomasWeisel Partners  
Operator: Welcome to Priceline's third quarter 2007 conferencecall. Priceline would like to remindeveryone that this call may contain forward-looking statements which are madepursuant to the Safe Harborstatement provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are notguarantees of future performances and are subject to certain risks,uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differmaterially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any suchforward-looking statements.  Expressions of future goals and similar expressionsreflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identifyforward-looking statements. For a listof factors that could cause Priceline's actual results to differ materiallyfrom those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to theSafe Harbor statements at the end of Priceline's earnings press release, aswell as Priceline's most recent filings with the Securities and ExchangeCommission.  Unless required by law, Priceline undertakes no obligationto update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of newinformation, future events or otherwise. A copy of Priceline's earnings pressrelease, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, isavailable in the investor relations section of Priceline's website, located atwww.priceline.com.  Now I'd like to introduce Priceline's speakers for thisafternoon, Mr. Jeff Boyd and Mr. Bob Mylod. Go ahead, gentlemen.  
Jeff Boyd: Thanks very much. Welcome to Priceline’s third quarter conference call. I’m here with Priceline CFO Bob Mylod. Priceline reported gross bookings for thethird quarter of $1.4 billion, up 54% year over year. This represents a significant increase in thegrowth rate from 33% in the second quarter which is attributable to continuedhigh growth rates in Europe and a significantimprovement in domestic bookings growth. These trends contributed to sequential accelerating growth in both pro formagross profit and pro forma net income. Pro forma gross profit of $202 million was up 65% in the third quarterversus up 46% in the second quarter; and pro forma net income was $71.5 millionor $1.58 per share, up 119% over last year versus up 102% in the secondquarter. Third quarter results showed good earnings leverage in boththe domestic and international businesses, and again surpassed the high end ofour guidance. Priceline’s gross bookingsgrowth rate was driven by a 98% growth at booking.com, which again exceeded ourgrowth expectations in the third quarter, and by a turn around in domesticgross bookings from down 4% in the second quarter to up 19% in Q3. Bottom line over performance was attributableto bookings growth at booking.com. Growth in domestic merchant bookings of 15% and expenseefficiencies.  We believe that booking.com is benefiting from positivee-commerce and travel market trends in Europe,integration activities, good performance in new markets, and strong managementexecution. Booking.com now hasapproximately 38,000 hotels in 60 countries. Our international supply team has quickly strengthened supply in coremarkets and rapidly established the presence in many new markets in Europeand beyond. We also announced during thequarter a marketing partnership between booking.com and KLM, underscoring thevalue of our inventory and content.  We were pleased to announce today our acquisition of Agoda,an Asian online hotel business that will be an important part of our expansioninto Asia. WhileAgoda is relatively small today, we believe there is an opportunity to buildingin the region with Agoda by using our worldwide inventory and demand and knowhow to offer the most complete and compelling inventory and content tocustomers traveling in Asia.  Agoda will operate with its independent management structureas part of our international business and we expect that our international andUS teams will help Agoda build its business. We are very pleased to welcome Michael Kenny, Rob Rosenstein and theAgoda team to our worldwide hotel business. As foreshadowed in our previous guidance, gross bookings forPriceline’s domestic business showed significant improvement from the priorquarter due to increased retail airline ticket sales under our no-fee promotionand increased merchant sales. Despitethe lingering impact of losing Orbitz, we reported a 24% increase in domesticpro forma gross profit, as the growth in our domestic hotel and rental car businessesovershadowed the loss of margin associated with dropping the retail airprocessing fee.  The growth in gross profit, together with the benefit ofexpense efficiencies, contributed to domestic earnings growth at the highestlevels achieved this year. We arepleased with the momentum our domestic business showed in the third quarter andannounced recently that the retail airline ticket fee waiver was being madepermanent. We believe this will continueto promote good site conversion, provide new marketing opportunities as theticket shopping landscape changes and ultimately strengthen our value brand. I want to mention a few items on the USsupply front. Priceline now offers over55,000 hotels in its USprograms. In the last several months,Priceline has concluded participation agreements with American Airlines, DeltaAirlines, and Continental Airlines, supporting both our retail and [OPEG]services. While we have the leanestsupplier relations staff of the major companies in this space we believe ourhotel, air and rental car teams are clearly doing a great job of energeticallypromoting the value of Priceline’s low cost distribution and revenue managementbenefits to our travel partners. Priceline’s global hotel room night sales for the thirdquarter exceeded 7.9 million room nights, an increase of 52% over last year, withpositive organic growth trends domestically and continued high growth ratesinternationally, our intention is to build on our leadership position andworldwide hotel sales through investment in people, product, marketing andgeographic expansion.  With the Agoda transaction, we can now extend our focus inthe large attractive Asian market. Weare now addressing a number of markets that are undergoing unprecedentedexpansion of economic activity, Internet usage and travel. Our international hotel business has thesupport of major brands and extensive hotel supply and customer flows in the United States and Europe anda growing source of supply and customer flows in Asia.  While the standalone performance of these businesses hascreated significant earnings growth, I believe more can be accomplished wheneach region is more extensively leveraging the assets of the other regions. I will now turn the call over to Bob for the financialreview. 
Bob Mylod: Thanks Jeff. Thirdquarter of 2007 was another strong quarter, our seasonally strongest, duringwhich we set new all-time quarterly records for gross bookings, gross profit,EBITDA, net income, and earnings per share. Internationally, booking.com once again turned in gross bookings growth thatsignificantly exceeded our expectations, driven by increasing repeat rates,brand awareness and conversion rates and steady gains in our worldwidesupply.  The growth was additionally fueled by continued strength inhotel room night unit prices, which were up approximately 5% year over year, aswell as by continued strength of the Euro and the Pound relative to thedollar. All of these factors combined togive us gross bookings growth at booking.com 97.9% which for the secondconsecutive quarter actually represented a quarterly sequential increase in theannualized gross bookings growth rate. We continue to make very significant investments in peopleand infrastructure at booking.com and those investments are ongoing. Despite those costs associated with theseinvestments, booking.com demonstrated continued operating leverage in thequarter, which drove record profits.  In the United States,all of our financial metrics came in well above our plan. From a top line perspective, we continue tohave difficult top line comparables due to the elimination of our marketingdeal with Orbitz this year; however, despite that headwind, we think that ourdomestic business turned in market leading growth in gross bookings due to thepositive customer response to our no fee retail airline ticket initiatives andthe continued momentum in our merchant products.  This continued growth in our merchant businesses droveincreased gross profits and gross margins that more than offset the modestgross profit declines associated with the no fee initiative and from an expenseperspective, we continue to benefit from the domestic expense disciplineprograms, especially as it relates to advertising and marketing that welaunched about this time one year ago.  As a result, the USbusiness demonstrated even more operating leverage than our European business,thereby causing our USoperating income to increase on a year over year basis by several multiples of ourUS grossbookings growth rate.  I won’t go into each line item of the P&L as I thinkthey are very well covered in the press release and our staff supplement, butthe general take away is that we did substantially better than forecast withrespect to gross bookings revenue and gross profits and most of our operatingexpenses.  I will point out that we had several negative expensevariances relative to our forecast, but all of the negative expense varianceswere driven by factors that drove our profits upward. Specifically, our personnel expenses came inhigher than forecast because we accrued higher than expected performance-basedemployee bonus expenses due to the large upside in operating profits during thequarter. Second, our pro forma income taxexpense came in higher than our prior guidance due to the strong pretax incomeperformance in Europe where our NOL’s do not apply andwhere we are a tax payer. Finally, weincurred approximately 1.4 million dollars of losses associated with foreignexchange hedging activities due to the increase in the value of the Euro andthe pound, the two principal foreign currencies with which we transact in Europe,relative to the dollar. These losses were more than offset by favorable FX earnedtranslations for our European operations which flowed through each line item ofour income statement. As I mentioned earlier, our European gross bookings metricwas positively impacted by FX in the first quarter and our statisticalsupplement shows our European gross bookings growth rates on a local currencybasis. From an EPS perspective, the onlyother negative variance relative to forecast was in our share count. Our pro forma diluted share count increasedby 8% on a year-over-year basis which was higher than expected due entirely tothe significant increases in our stock price which we have experienced as oflate and which has resulted in an increasing amount of shares associated withour convertible debt to be counted in our diluted share count.  Despite this head wind, we reported pro forma net income of$1.58 per share which, as Jeff mentioned, represented 119% year-over-yeargrowth and [inaudible] both ourguidance and First Call estimates of $1.28 per share. We reported gap net income of $2.27 per share, up 116%versus last year and substantially higher than our $.90 to $1.00 guidance. The gap results were favorably impacted by anadditional $47.9 million reversal of the balance sheet reserve that we havewith respect to our deferred tax asset which reflects our growing optimismabout our ability to generate sustained U.S.pretax earnings which would allow us to utilize a greater percentage of oursignificant NOL asset. As was the caseboth last year and the year before, we’re eliminating this positive impact fromour pro forma EPS because the benefit is non-cash in nature and will only berealized as we generate future taxable income within the United States. On a go-forward basis, our gap net income will continue tobe reduced by income tax expenses that will be booked against the deferred taxasset. Both the increase in gap netincome this quarter as well as the decrease in gap net income in subsequentquarters from income tax expense will be non-cash in nature. Accordingly, as has been the case for manyquarters, we intend to continue to report pro forma net income on a cash taxbasis and this event that I have described will have no impact on either ourhistorical or projected pro forma earnings. All of the other pro forma adjustments to our P & L andshare count were generally consistent with our prior guidance. As for cash and cash flow, we generated approximately $61.7million in operating cash flow during the quarter, up 77% year-over-year. The growth in cash flow lagged the growth inearnings due principally to the seasonal buildup receivables associated withour European hotel commissions. Q4 isthe quarter during which most of the commissions generated in Q3 will becollected, so we expect that there will be a roughly reciprocal impact in therelationship of operating cash flow to pro forma earnings in Q4. In other words, we expect that operating cashflow will exceed pro forma net income in Q4, thereby bringing our second halfoperating cash flow to roughly similar levels as our second half pro forma netincome. As for our cash balances, we began the quarter with $451.6million of cash and marketable securities and we closed the quarter with $518million of cash and marketable securities, representing a $66.4 millionincrease.  Total capital expenditures in the first quarter wereapproximately $5.5 million. This amountincludes all monies spent on capital equipment and internally developedsoftware. And finally, with respect to our balance sheet, I wanted tohighlight that our current accrued liabilities increased due to a $61 millionpayable associated with the buy back of minority interests in our principalinternational subsidiary during the quarter. The actual cash payments for the buy back occurred in October, so in Q4you will see a decrease in this liability along with a decrease in cashassociated with the payments. And now for a few comments on guidance. We’re looking for fourth quarter bookings to grow byapproximately 50% on a year-over-year basis with international gross bookingsfrom Booking.com growing approximately 90-95% on a year-over-year basis anddomestic gross bookings growing 15-20%.  We expect pro forma revenue to grow by approximately 22-26%on a year-over-year basis. We expect proforma growth profit dollars to grow by approximately 50% on a year-over-yearbasis. As for Q4 operating expenses, we’re targeting consolidatedadvertising expenses of approximately $51-54 million with approximately 85-90%of that amount being spent on online advertising.  We expect sales and marketing expenses of between $12.5million and $13.5 million. We expect personnel costs, excluding stock-basedcompensation, to come in between $23 and 24 million. We expect G & A expenses of approximately $10-10.5million, information technology costs of approximately $4.2-4.5 million, andappreciation and amortization expense, excluding acquisition-relatedamortization, of approximately $3.6 million. We expect total below-the-line positive impact ofapproximately $1-1.5 million, which comprises net interest income, foreignexchange expense, equity and income of Priceline Mortgage, and minorityinterest expense. We’re targeting pro forma EPS of approximately $.77 - $.85per share and our pro forma EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income taxof approximately $8 million, comprised of alternative minimum tax in the United States and income taxes in Europe. Our pro forma EPS guidance is based on a pro forma dilutedshare count of approximately 47 million shares which is based on last night’sclosing stock price of $90.31 per share. This share count represents a substantial increase on both an annual andquarterly sequential basis due to the increase in Treasury stock methods sharesassociated with our convertible debt caused by the substantial increase in ourstock price.  As for expected gap results, we expect to report a gap EPSof between $.51 - .59 per share. Thedifference between our gap and pro forma results will be driven primarily bythe inclusion of acquisition related amortization, stock based compensation,and certain income tax expenses, all of which are non-cash in nature. Gap results will also be negatively impactedby the inclusion of approximately 1 million shares of additional unissued commonstock associated with our convertible note offering that is fully hedged, butthat we are required to use in the calculation of gap EPS. We are not, at this point, giving specific guidance for2008. Our plan is to do that when weannounce our Q4 results next February. However, I did want to offer a few qualitative comments that willhopefully assist analysts and investors who are working on their own earningsprojections for Priceline in 2008 and beyond. The first has to do with top line growth. As Jeff mentioned in his remarks, we thinkthat we have reason to remain optimistic that we can continue to delivermarket-leading gross bookings growth rates in the coming year and one reasonhas to do with simple math. Specifically, over the past couple of years, our gross bookings fromBooking.com have grown from being a relatively small fraction of ourconsolidated gross bookings to a point that Booking.com now represents amajority of our consolidated gross bookings.  Given the growth rates that we have experienced and continueto experience at Booking.com and given our continued commitment to theinternational arena as evidenced by our acquisition of Agoda today, we expectthat the mix of our business will continue to become increasingly skewedtowards internationals. Having saidthat, I’ll repeat a statement that we’ve been making for several quartersnow: namely, that our internationalbusiness has become a very big multi-billion dollar gross bookings business andthe law of large numbers inevitably dictates that our international grossbookings comparables will be more difficult in 2008. Again, it is our hope that the impact that these declineswill have on our consolidated gross bookings will be tempered by the mixedpoint that I just made, but you should expect our gross bookings forecast for2008 will call for significant declines in the international gross bookingsgrowth rates as compared to 2007.  Secondly, due to the continue growth of our hotel serviceson a worldwide basis, we expect an increasing amount of our gross profits to begenerated by hotel. However, whenlooking at gross profit expressed as a percentage of gross bookings, we thinkthat the positive impact that we should see on this metric from this mixedshift towards hotel will be offset by a countervailing mix shift toward agencybookings, which are expected to grow at a substantially faster rate than ourhigher margin merchant bookings. This is particularly true with respect to ourno fee retail airline ticket service in the US,which is our lowest margin service and which is expected to deliver significantyear over year growth in gross bookings in 2008.  Third, as I have mentioned many times on previous calls, allof our financial metrics have been positively impacted by the very strongappreciation of the euro and the pound relative to the dollar. Our policy hasbeen, and continues to be to not pursue any long-term hedging activities withrespect to foreign currency. With an ever increasing majority of our profitsdenominated in foreign currency, our profits will become increasingly subjectto changes in FX.  Fourth, with our stock now trading well above the conversionprices of our convertible bonds some of the holders of our convertible bondsmay elect to convert their bonds prior to their maturity date. And in fact, wehave seen a small trickle of this activity already. This activity is very hardto predict but I did want to point out that our net interest margin couldpotentially be impacted by this activity to some degree in 2008 and beyond.  Fifth, I spoke earlier about the great operating leveragethat we have achieved in 2007 with respect to our USbusinesses. This was due to the improvements and marketing efficiencies broughtabout by the elimination of the Orbitz relationship and the tightening of ROI standardswith respect to our online ad spend. With those efficiencies now accomplished,in 2008 it is our goal to maintain those operating leverage metrics.Specifically, we expect that our operating profits will grow at roughly thesame rate as our gross profit in the US.As for our international business, we expect to continue to invest heavily inpeople, infrastructure, and of course marketing.  One of the big wildcards that impacts operating leverage hasand will continue to be the cost of customer acquisition. Our assumption hasalways been, and will continue to be, that the market will get increasinglycompetitive with respect to online spend. And I’ll caveat that by pointing outthat we have not yet seen anything in our current business trends that point tosignificant upward pressure in our cost of customer acquisition, and we areconstantly working on conversion initiatives to offset this pressure if andwhen it comes. But investors should expect that our forecast will call forincreased customer acquisition costs in 2008, which could put slight downwardpressure on our international operating leverage in 2008. Lastly, international operating leverage will be negativelyimpacted by the results of Agoda. Agoda is basically in a breakeven position asof now from a profit perspective. We expect Agoda to turn a pro forma profit in2008; however, Agoda is also in a very steep growth curve in terms ofinvestment. So while Agoda will be neutral to slightly accretive to earnings weexpect that Agoda will have a slight negative impact on our operating profitexpressed as a percentage of gross bookings and gross profit.  As for taxes, we continue to expect that our effective cashtax rate will increase in 2008 compared to 2007, as our foreign sourcedearnings, which do not benefit from our NOL tax shield grow at a faster ratethan our domestic earnings.  Lastly, as I have discussed exhaustively in previousearnings calls, our diluted share count has and will continue to be affected bythe inclusion of additional shares associated with our convertible debt; theamount of additional shares is in turn directly impacted by movements in ourstock price. We have updated the grid in our statistical supplement to showinvestors what our potential pro forma diluted share counts would be for Q42007 and full year 2008 based upon various hypothetical stock prices. As we’vesaid in prior calls, we’re not going to get into the practice of predicting ourown stock price but we hope that this detailed data gives investors who havetheir own price targets a guidepost that they can use to forecast our pro formaEPS on an ongoing basis.  Finally, I’ll point out as I’ve done on previous calls, thatall of our forecasts are based upon an assumption that we’ll continue operatingin a consumer travel market that is roughly similar to the current one. And anyterrorist event, particularly within the United States or Europe,would in all likelihood have a negative impact on the travel market in generaland our operating results in particular. And with that I would be very happy to answer yourquestions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes fromAnthony Noto - Goldman Sachs. Your question please.
Jen Watson – GoldmanSachs: This is actually Jen Watson in for Anthony. Can youelaborate a little bit on the trends you’re seeing domestically acrossdifferent products – hotel as well as airline? Obviously the 23% year over yeargrowth in airline tickets and the accelerations in gross bookings would suggestyou guys are gaining share. But if you could just talk about that a little bitmore that would be great. 
Bob Mylod:  Sure. I think that the gain in retail airline tickets speaksfor itself. We also showed a 15% increase in merchant gross bookings, which wethink shows nice momentum in those products. The only other comparables we haveout there in terms of gaining shares is Expedia, which it looks like they alsohad a good quarter domestically; our airline ticket business grew a little bitfaster but you have to keep in mind that we’re very, very much smaller thanthey. But we certainly don’t think that we lost share in these products. 
Jen Watson – GoldmanSachs: Have you guys done a lot of marketing around the no fee oris it kind of a word of mouth? And are you seeing people come to the site forretail and booking merchants?
Bob Mylod:  Well we had some marketing around no fee back in the summerwhen we launched it as a promotion but we haven’t done any real offlinemarketing or specific online marketing since then. We certainly have the no feefeature prominently displayed on the website and I think that helps ourconversion. We also have historically seen people come in and shop for retailairline tickets and either move on to other things like a merchant product or apackage but we also encourage people who buy retail airline tickets to also buya rental car, for example. So all of those are things that we continue to tryto do now that the sales are moving up here a little bit.
Jen Watson – GoldmanSachs: Great, thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Gutek - MorganStanley. Your question.
Chris Gutek – MorganStanley:  Hi guys, nice quarter. Just to talk a little bit on thebooking fee situation, it seems to be a bit of a reversal from your comments onyour second quarter call where you seemed to suggest that the elimination ofthat high margin revenue stream was not a particularly good tradeoff versus amodest boost to volume, but now you’ve obviously taken a different view,permanently eliminating. Could you elaborate behind the strategy there?
Bob Mylod:  I don’t think that anything we said in the second quarterwas intended to do anything other than communicate in response to a specificquestion whether the uptake in volume had paid for the money it cost in takingthe fee out. We said then that it did not if you look at it very specificallytransaction to transaction.  Our observations over the course of the time that we’ve beenoperating with no fee is that we’ve certainly seen an increase in conversion,which has turned around a sort of continuing to climb in airline ticket salesfor us. We’ve been satisfied generally with the operating momentum of thedomestic business as a whole while we’ve been operating with no fee. Finally,we’ve conclude that having generally lower prices than the other major OTAs isvery consistent with our brand positioning and good for the long term health ofour brand.
Chris Gutek – MorganStanley:  It makes sense. I guess to put more color around it couldyou give us a rough sense for the US Air product prior to the elimination ofthe booking fee, roughly how much revenue and profit you were getting? And thenmaybe to expand the discussion a bit into Europe since some of your competitorsseem to be eliminating some booking fees in Europe; if that pricing pressurespreads globally, how much revenue and profit are you currently getting frombooking fees in Europe that would be at risk if that got eliminated?
Bob Mylod:  Well I’ll answer the second part first which is we don’thave booking fees in Europe, that’s one of several reasons for why we think ourproduct is doing so well over there. As for the specific profitability of ourairline ticket business Chris, we don’t break out profit by product. Again,just to elaborate on what Jeff said, if you look at the pure economics ofswitching to no fee, and I’ll reiterate what I said on the call, it certainlyprobably cost us a little bit of money.  Said differently, we didn’t sell enough tickets to offsetthe loss in fee, but I think we took the view that that loss was modest enoughrelative to what we thought. It was a very important brand positioning point. Wehave always tried to stake out Priceline as trying to own the value categoryand we think that move was very consistent with that. So, for us, it was aninvestment worthwhile relative to that brand positioning.
Chris Gutek – MorganStanley: The merchant growth was very strong in the quarter, and Iguess it’s not completely clear to me why we saw such a big improvement. Iwouldn’t think the elimination of the bookings fee would necessarily drive muchbetter merchant business?
Jeff Boyd: I wouldn’t necessarily connect one with the other. We havehad good momentum in our merchant hotel and rental car products now for severalquarters. They’ve been performing consistently well and growing nicelyorganically. I think that really is the trend that you’re seeing. 
Bob Mylod:  I think it’s similar to the point I made in my preparedremarks about just mix. Over many years now, the rental car and hotelbusinesses have been growing at a much faster rate than, in some instances, ourdeclining merchant airline ticket business. And as those quarters progress, thecomps have gotten easier from a mix perspective. I agree with Jeff, we don’t really think it’sdriven so much by the tie-in with no fee as much as it by just the very goodexecution of those two products generally. 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Aaron Kessler, PiperJaffray. Your question, please?  
Aaron Kessler - PiperJaffray:  Great quarter, guys. A couple of questions. First, on the Agodabusiness, can you give me the sense for what practices you can take that you’velearned from Booking.com and apply them to Agoda? Also, are all the revenuesagency-based there and which countries are they strongest in?
Jeff Boyd :  Why don’t I hit the first one and I’ll let Bob do thesecond. In terms of business practices, it’s really not so much a function ofpractices as it is a function of giving them access to added customer flows whoare looking for hotels in Asia that they can book forthem. And so, Priceline has a lot of customers in the United States and inEurope who are interested in travel to the region and now we’re just going tohave a lot more hotel inventory to show them as we progress with theintegration.  By the same token, they have growing customer flows in Asia that are not only interested inAsian hotels, but interested in travelto Europe and the United States and we think we have, you know, leadinginventory to help them convert those customers. We’re certainly going to try tohelp them on the IT front and marketing and all the various business practicesthat we have, but they’ll also have to make sure that they’re taking thosethings and shaping them and tailoring them so that they work in the Asianmarket.  
Bob Mylod: In terms of how we are going to report their revenue, theyare a merchant and they operate under the merchant model, so you will see theAgoda revenues and gross bookings appear in the merchant line item. As far asspecific countries, we’re not going to get into specific exposure to thespecific countries other than to say that they really operate on Pan-Asianbasis. The business is headquartered in Thailandand has a significant presence also in Singaporeso those are two important countries, for instance, but I wouldn’t want toleave people with the impression that those are the two countries. It’s reallyon a Pan-Asian basis with which would include, ultimately, we think China wherewe already have a presence there and, hopefully, that’s going to be animportant part of our growth story on a going forth basis. 
Aaron Kessler - PiperJaffray:  Bob, do you happen to have the international agency revenuegross profits? In terms of investments in Europe, Imean, at what point do you become too profitable, that your margins are toohigh and you maybe say, okay, it’s still a big opportunity, we need to increaseour investments there. 
Robert J. Mylod -Chief Financial Officer:  I think we’re going to be in the mode of investing for sometime to come in the international business and it’s not just in Europe,it’s in other geographic regions. Ithink we have a business that’s growing very rapidly and you tend not to beable to hire people as rapidly as you like. It’s difficult to make all theinvestments you want to make, so I don’t think we’re going to get to a decisionpoint around whether we’re investing enough until we get to the point where we’rereally comfortable, that we’re able to make all the investments we want tomake.
Jeff Boyd : And then, international revenue, Aaron, $131.8 million inthe quarter and gross profit of $130.9 million.
Aaron Kessler, PiperJaffray: Do you happen to have the agency’s part of the internationalor I guess it is all agency, right? 
Jeff Boyd : All agency. Right.
Bob Mylod:  We have a tiny, tiny bit of merchant associating at thePriceline brand, but it’s mainly the Booking.com brand. 
Aaron Kessler, PiperJaffray: Got it. Thank you. Good quarter.
Bob Mylod:  Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Justin Post -Merrill Lynch. Your question, please? 
Justin Post - MerrillLynch:  Thanks for taking my question. First, on Asia,are you going to disclose how much you paid for that and is that the agencyhotel model that you’re duplicating from Europe? 
Robert J. Mylod -Chief Financial Officer: Well, in terms of the disclosure, we have filed an 8-K thathas the purchase price and earn-out structure in it, so that information isavailable in the 8-K. 
Jeff Boyd : Specifically, we paid a little over $15 million upfront ofcash, and then the earn-out structure really is based upon the performance ofthe business over a three-year period. The earn-out could be up to in excess of$140 million depending upon the achievement of a combination of both grossbookings and profit targets. So again, that’s over a three-year period, but theupfront cash component was about $15.7 million, give or take.
Justin Post - MerrillLynch: Is the model pretty similar to your European model where youhave kind of a lower take rate and a hotel friendly model?
Bob Mylod:  Well, we believe it’s a very hotel friendly model, but it isdifferent. It’s a merchant model at Agodaand they’ve been successful in achieving significant growth, although atsmall numbers with that model. And I think we will have an opportunity toobserve over time which model has better customer acceptance, better websiteconversion and allows us to build up our supply the most rapidly. 
 :
Jeff Boyd : 
. : 
Justin Post - MerrillLynch: let’s just talk a little bit about one of your competitors.They’re investing north of what looks like $150 million in technology spend andyours is maybe one-tenth that. Do you look at your technology spend as the same,do you classify it the same on your income statement and do you think that youneed to do more investments there? With your websites, do you have the sameability to maybe optimize that they’re trying to build over there? Could youjust comment on the relative amount of investment you’re doing on the tech side?
Bob Mylod:  First of all, I don’t think that the differences areprincipally due to any difference in how we account for things. So I thinkwe’re all essentially counting the same way. Keep in mind that the challengesand the things that the larger competitors are solving for are very differentfrom what we’re solving for.  For example, you’ve got a number of acquisitions that ourcompetition had made and over time, they’re trying to put a lot of thesedifferent entities that are operating on different IT platforms onto oneplatform. That’s highly complex and it costs a lot of money because theplatform has to be flexible enough to take into account all the specificbusiness requirements of all of these different businesses all over the world.That’s something that we don’t have to do, we don’t intend to do, it’s notsomething that’s part of our business plan. Our platform works. The Booking.complatform works extremely well. We’ve been able to build linkages between theplatforms and will continue to do so, but we’re not going to try to build asingle platform that all of our businesses can operate on.  Second of all, our international business, in particular ismuch less complex. We don’t sell airline tickets. We don’t package. We don’thave rental car. We’re not selling airline ticket services based on a bunch ofpotentially complicated customer service, flight alerts out to cell phones andthat sort of thing. So we’re really not competing with the larger players onsome of these customer service initiatives that are very important to theirbrand, but not as important to our brand that really stands for certainly lowerprices and value here in the United Statesand internationally, the most extensive and best hotel content available.
Justin Post - MerrillLynch:  Great. Thanks andcongratulations on a good quarter.
Jeff Boyd:  Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald - Banc ofAmerica. 
Brian Fitzgerald - Banc of America Securities: You mentioned that you're working to optimize acquisitioncosts. I was wondering if, given the efficiency of email as a marketingchannel, do you believe this is an area you can better leverage direct bookingseither through internal efforts or acquisition?  Could you give any color on keyword pricing trends, eitherdomestically or internationally that you were seeing? Thanks.
Jeff Boyd:  Why don't I do thefirst one, and Bob will do the second. As to email, we agree with you. We thinkit is an excellent and highly efficient customer acquisition channel. It issomething that we have a lot of experience with here in the United States as an older and more mature business.We've just had a lot more time to work on our email executions, and I thinkthat's one of the areas where we can be helpful in trying to work with theinternational businesses over time to build out their email distribution andmake that a more important part of their customer acquisition. We've seen some evidence that that's helping internationallyat booking.com, but keep in mind that in the United States it is easier to acquire a large listof customers in your e-mail list because essentially, you can require thecustomer to opt out of email where as in Europe theyhave to affirmatively opt in. It is not quite as easy to develop large listsinternationally.
Bob Mylod:  As for keywords, sortof a difficult question to answer. I listened to Expedia answer the questionlast night. I thought I'd probably give a very similar answer which is wealways assume it is a very competitive market, it has and will continue to be,and so there is constant upward pressure on online keyword costs or really sortof any costs of customer acquisition. So what we've tried to do both in the United States and internationally is to set ROIhurdles that we try and stick by which basically means we have to do a reallygood job on building our supply, on merchandising our website to offset anyincreases in keywords. I would say thus far, and I think the numbers sort ofspeak for themselves, we've been able to do that. As I said in my remarks, we will continue to expect and planthat it will get more and more competitive over time for customer acquisitions,so that's why we have so work harder and harder on repeat usage and thosemerchandising points that I made to offset that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Mahaney - CitigroupInvestments. 
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: Jeff, you reminded people of the deep value proposition ofPriceline. In a macro environment that we're seeing in the U.S.of rising airline prices and rising ADRs, is there any particular reason whythat shouldn't be as beneficial for you as it was during that last cycle? Secondly in the European market, any new thoughts onexpanding beyond hotels, any new calculus as to is that a question of when oris it still a question of if? Thank you very much.
Jeff Boyd: We've always said that as prices go up, the potential valueof our discounts to customers go up, and that's particularly powerful,potentially, in an economic environment where people are seeing a degradationof the value of their homes, potentially, and other pressures from high fuelprices and the like. We think there is a consumer benefit there, and we alsothink that we offer a revenue management benefit to our suppliers as they'repushing their prices up which they need to do to cover rising fuel costs,certainly in the case of the airlines. If their load factors start to dip alittle bit or if they see any softness in advanced bookings for particularflights and destinations, they can load some discounts in with Priceline and wecan help fill those seats up. We like to think that we're helpful in anenvironment where our suppliers have to push prices up to cover their costs. In the context of the international business, for the timebeing I think you should assume that we're going to stay focused on hotels.We've got such a material growth opportunity there, and it is by far the mostattractive segment of the market. We think it is a good idea to keep trying toprosecute that business without getting distracted on others.
Operator: Your next question comes from Imran Khan – JP Morgan.
 Bridget Wyshar - JP Morgan: This is Bridget Wyshar in for Imran. It seems like thecompetitors are starting to lower their fees internationally. Have you felt anypressure on your take rate there?
Bob Mylod:  Again, at least we knewthat was going on as early as Q2 and certainly throughout Q3, and obviously inQ4. I think the numbers that we'vereported and the guidance that we're giving for Q4 wouldn't necessarily dictatethat we're seeing any sort of a dramatic change in our trajectories as a resultof any competitive moves.
 Bridget Wyshar - JP Morgan: In terms of your marketing internationally, are you stillfocused on Internet marketing or would you ever consider doing more brandedmarketing offline?
Jeff Boyd: We've certainly much more focused on online marketing. Iwouldn't expect us to get involved in very broad offline television, radio-typecampaigns any time in the near future. It is very expensive. We seem to begetting good repeat business based on the online marketing that we're doing, sowhat that tells us is we are having success at building a brand with onlinespend. If we can continue to be successful in building the brand equity, wereally don't need to go offline.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jake Fuller - Thomas Weisel.
Jake Fuller - Thomas Weisel Partners: A bit off the beaten track, but on the advertising front,we're seeing a lot of activity out there, some of these next generation metasearch sites evolving. I know you all have done a lot on that front too withMyTravelGuide and PriceBreakers. Has that become a material business for you atthis point? Are you planning to put a lot more into that?
Jeff Boyd:  I wouldn't say thatit is a material business for us at this point in time. Certainly siteadvertising across all of our brands is driving revenue for us and we're makingmoney on it and it is additive, but it is not material. We agree with some ofour competition that it represents a significant opportunity for us goingforward because we've got massive traffic and a lot of properties, includingour international business, that today essentially have no advertising revenueassociated with them. So we look at it as an attractive field and somethingthat represents some opportunity for us in the future.
Jake Fuller - Thomas Weisel Partners:  As you think aboutyour incremental M&A dollar, is it more going to be focused on theinternational markets than on things like advertising?
Bob Mylod:  I wouldn'tnecessarily say that we look at our dollars and are seeing trade offs ofadvertising versus -- when you sayM&A, you mean literally asset acquisitions, right?
Jake Fuller - Thomas Weisel Partners:  Yes, I am sorry, Imisspoke. In terms of things you could acquire, the opportunities that you seein front of you, acquisition or advertising-driven revenue models that might beavailable to acquire or international acquisitions, any preference on thatfront?
Bob Mylod:  No and again, I thinkyou can assume that we have a very, very active corporate development functionthat's looking at anything that we think could be complementary to ourbusiness, additive to our business, and we look at that almost separate andapart from how we think about how we're investing online. I think our goal is to grow our business organicallybasically as fast as we can while maintaining the ROI discipline that we'vebeen able to achieve here, and then we're also looking at acquisitions, aswell.
Operator: Our final question comes from Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley. 
Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley: In the press release, you guys mentioned that the U.S.operating margin is improving, I think, “substantially” is the word you used. Iam wondering if you can put at least some rough quantification around that andif you could also give us a rough sense for how your margins are trending in Europe? To push my luck here a bit, if you would be inclined to giveus where you think margins can go with maturity a couple years down the road?What kind of a target would it be?
Bob Mylod:  I'm not going toanswer the second question, Chris. Again, we're just not giving out any sort ofguidance beyond 2008, and I am probably going to not also answer your firstquestion other than to say that we had several hundred basis points ofoperating margin improvement in the U.S.The one thing I said in my remarks was that our operating profit grew atseveral multiples of the growth rate of our gross bookings, so I think thathelps tell you that we had a very, very material increase in operating leveragein Q3 in the United States.
Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley: That is helpful. In Europe, would yousay you're getting closer to a mature company margin in Europeor by contrast, given the high revenue growth, is maturity still years awayfrom a profitability perspective?
Bob Mylod: Well again, as I said in the prepared remarks, the big wildcard there is going to be the cost of customer acquisition over time and howwell we do on cultivating repeat usage. I would say if we can maintain our ROItargets which obviously, they've been very attractive, then I would say thereis certainly more operating leverage in that model from an OpEx perspective becausethe rest of our costs are not completely fixed, but personnel costs and ITcosts and depreciation costs, those are very leveragable in general. The big wild card is the cost of customer acquisition and Ijust wouldn't want to predict where that's going to go over the next severalyears, but I certainly hope that even if that cost goes up, that we're notcompletely done in terms of operating leverage. But again, I did want to pointout as I did in the prepared remarks that if you look at our performance thisyear, we've had a huge jump in operating leverage, no question about it, drivenagain by both Europe as well as again very big movementsin operating leverage in the U.S. I just didn't want people to start extrapolating that numberfor this year into next year because we the comps will be much more difficultin the U.S.,and again at least our plan will be to call for a higher cost of customeracquisition in Europe. That could have some downwardpressure on that operating leverage point.
Operator: That does conclude our Q&A session. Thank you, Mr. Boyd.Thank you, Mr. Mylod.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-08-07 16:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Jeff Boyd - President and CEO   Bob Mylod - CFO 
Analysts: Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs   Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley   Mark Mahaney - Citigroup   Justin Post - Merrill Lynch   Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray   Imran Khan – JP Morgan   Jake Fuller - Thomas Weisel   Scott Kessler - Standard & Poor's   Michael Millman - Soleil 
Operator:  Welcome to Priceline's second quarter 2007 conference call. Priceline would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements.  Expressions of future goals and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Priceline's actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of Priceline's earnings press release as well as Priceline's most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Unless required by law, Priceline undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Priceline's earnings press release, together within an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the investor relations section of Priceline's website, located at www.priceline.com.  Now I'd like to introduce Priceline's speakers for this afternoon, Jeff Boyd and Bob Mylod. Go ahead, gentlemen. 
Jeff Boyd: Thank you very much. Welcome to Priceline's second quarter conference call. I'm here with Priceline’s CFO Bob Mylod. Priceline reported gross bookings for the first quarter of $1.235 billion, up 33% year over year. This quarter is our first with over $1 billion in gross bookings, a significant milestone for the company. Pro forma gross profit of $155 million was up 46% and pro forma net income was $47.3 million or $1.11 per share, up 102% over last year. The sequential increase in pro forma gross profit from Q1 to Q2 was 49% and pro forma net income more than doubled.  Second quarter results showed good earnings leverage and surpassed the high end of our guidance due to better than forecast earnings in both our domestic and international businesses. Priceline's gross bookings growth rate was driven by 93% growth at booking.com, which again exceeded our growth expectations in the second quarter. Bottom line, overperformance was attributable to bookings growth at booking.com, growth in domestic gross profit and expense efficiencies.  Booking.com continues to benefit from positive ecommerce and travel market trends in Europe, integration activities and strong management execution. Booking.com now has over 35,000 hotels in 53 countries and continues to build supply and distribution in important new markets, including the United States and going forward, the Pacific Rim. Booking.com also continues to focus on online brand building and building repeat business, the benefits of which are evident in more established markets but we believe still to come in newer markets.  Our European management and employees continue to execute well in building market leadership in key Western European markets and planting seeds for future growth in newer markets.  As foreshadowed in our previous guidance, gross bookings for Priceline’s domestic business were negatively impacted by the loss of the OPEG and travel business from Orbitz and weak airline ticket sales. Nevertheless, we reported an 11% increase in domestic pro forma gross profit as our domestic hotel and rental car businesses continued to perform well, showing continued growth in units and gross bookings. The growth in gross profit, together with the benefit of expense efficiencies, contributed to domestic earnings growth which we believe is at the highest first half rate for the leading OTAs.  Our statistical supplement contains data reflecting the impact of the Orbitz business on bookings and gross profit, which shows continued organic growth in the hotel and rental car business. We believe our domestic ad campaign, The Negotiator, is doing a good job of reinforcing our distinctive positioning at the value end of the U.S. market. We are encouraged by these results and will look for ways to build on this strength.  Priceline's global hotel room night sales for the second quarter exceeded 7.2 million room nights, an increase of 45% over last year. With positive organic growth trends domestically and continued high growth rates internationally, our intention is to build on our worldwide hotel sales through investment in people, product, marketing and geographic expansion. With a large U.S. and European customer base and the most supplier-friendly array of services, we believe that we are well-positioned to build on our extensive inventory and content and capitalize on global growth in online travel bookings and international travel.  Hotel sales now account for well over two-thirds of Priceline's total gross bookings and over three-quarters of our gross profit. We believe our hotel business is well-positioned given its strong, historical growth trajectory and that should translate to improved consolidated financial results going forward.  I will now turn the call over to Bob for the financial review. 
 Bob Mylod : Thanks, Jeff. The second quarter of 2007 was another strong quarter during which we set new all-time quarterly records for gross bookings and pro forma gross profit EBITDA, net income and EPS. We're particularly pleased by the earnings records, given that they were achieved in a quarter that is not our seasonally strongest. Most importantly -- and I will get to this in a moment when I get to guidance -- we expect the momentum to continue into the third quarter and through the remainder of the year.  Internationally, booking.com once again turned in gross bookings growth that significantly exceeded our expectations, a phenomenon that has occurred for literally every quarter since the formation of booking.com. But Q2's performance stood out because of the return to quarterly sequential increases in the annualized gross bookings growth rate on both the dollar and local currency basis. Specifically, our international gross bookings grew in U.S. dollars by 92.7% year over year, a growth rate that was driven by strong room night sales and a healthy year-over-year increase in unit prices and which allowed us to significantly strengthen our position as the largest online hotel reservation booking service in Europe.  As Jeff mentioned a moment ago, this quarter's performance wasn't just about top line growth. It was also about the demonstration of operating leverage. Our international management team continues to focus on operational execution and expense management, which is driving this operating leverage. Yet at the same time, they continue to make significant investments in human resources, geographic expansion and technology infrastructure that we hope and expect will position our international operations for further future growth.  In the United States, substantially all of our financial metrics came in at or above plan. Most notably, our U.S. operations continue to perform very well in the service offerings that are our most profitable and highest margin, most notably our hotel service. The discipline with which we have approached our online advertising expenditures in the U.S. is something we have been talking about for the last several quarters and continues to pay dividends. While this discipline has come at the expense of some gross bookings, particularly within our airline service offering, it has helped deliver EBITDA and earnings growth that we think is at industry-leading levels.  As for the specifics, our consolidated gross bookings of $1.2 billion grew 33% year over year and were substantially ahead of our forecast, due almost entirely to the international overperformance that I just discussed. Our gross profit overperformance was even more favorable. Specifically, gross profit dollars of $154.9 million grew by 46% on a year-over-year basis and came in $10 million higher than the mid point of our prior guidance.  As for our Q2 pro forma operating expenses, despite the exceptionally large upside in our gross profit performance, we were able to keep our Q2 advertising expense of $53 million within our prior guidance. This was certainly the biggest contributor to the operating leverage that we exhibited this quarter.  Moving on to the remainder of our pro forma expenses, the sum of personnel costs, SG&A, depreciation and amortization and IT expenses came in toward the low end of our prior guidance, which further added to the quarter's operating leverage. Our pro forma income tax expense actually came in higher than our prior guidance due to the strong pretax income performance in Europe, where our NOLs do not apply and we are we are a taxpayer. We also incurred approximately $475,000 of losses associated with foreign exchange hedging activities due to increases in the value of the euro and the pound, the two principal foreign currencies with which we transact in Europe relative to the dollar. These losses were generally offset by favorable FX earnings translations for our European operations, which flowed through each line item of our income statement.  Our European gross bookings metric was positively impacted by FX in the second quarter and our statistical supplement shows our European gross bookings growth rates on a local currency basis.  We reported pro forma net income of $1.11 per share which, as Jeff mentioned, represent a 102% year-over-year growth and handily bested both our guidance and First Call estimates of $0.89 per share. We reported GAAP net income of $0.79 per share, up 182% versus last year and substantially higher than our $0.52 to $0.62 guidance. The GAAP results were favorably impacted by an additional $2.8 million of benefits that we recognized from the excise tax refund initiative that we discussed in great detail on last quarter's earnings call. This benefit was partially offset by $381,000 of additional expenses related to our year 2000 securities class action settlement that we discussed in great detail, also on last quarter's call.  GAAP results were also negatively impacted by $6.3 million of acquisition-related amortization and $3.5 million of stock-based compensation expense. Both of these expenses were non-cash in nature. GAAP diluted share count reflects the full amount of stated dilution related to our convertible notes. As I have mentioned in significant detail on previous earnings calls, we have effectively reduced a portion of this share dilution through hedging arrangements with third parties. The benefit of the hedging transactions will not be recognized under GAAP until the maturity dates of the underlying convertible bonds, but the economic reality of the convertible bond hedge is that our diluted share count has been reduced by approximately 1.5 million shares and accordingly, consistent with past quarters, this amount is eliminated from our pro forma share count.  Conversely, GAAP diluted share count excludes approximately 500,000 shares of unvested, restricted stock related to employee compensation plans. These shares and their associated dilutive impact are included in our pro forma share count because it is our expectation that these shares will ultimately be vested and outstanding.  As for cash and cash flow, we generated approximately $9 million in operation cash flow during the quarter. Keep in mind that our operating cash flow was negatively impacted by the securities class action settlement payment, net of excise tax refund receipts that were paid and received respectively through the quarter. These items netted to approximately $33.4 million of cash outflows during the quarter. Operating cash flow before these items was $42.3 million, up 68.4% year over year.  As for our cash balances, we began the quarter with $457.6 million of cash and marketable securities and we closed the quarter with $451.6 million of cash and marketable securities. The small decrease in cash was driven by the aforementioned payments associated with our securities class action settlement. It was also driven by $15 million that we used to repurchase a portion of the minority interest in our international operations not owned by us.  We generated approximately $2.1 million from the exercise of employee stock options and we repurchased approximately $200,000 of our stock during the quarter. Total capital expenditures in the second quarter were approximately $3.3 million. This amount includes all money spent on capital equipment and internally developed software.  Now for a few comments on guidance. We're looking for third quarter gross bookings to grow by approximately 43% to 46% on a year-over-year basis, with international gross bookings from booking.com growing approximately 85% to 90% on a year-over-year basis and domestic gross bookings growing 10% to 15%, an increase due in part to the summer air fare sale we have been running. As you can see, this represents a substantially quarterly acceleration in our annualized growth rate, which is primarily reflective of the continued expected momentum from booking.com.  We expect pro forma revenue to grow by approximately 20% to 25% on a year-over-year basis. We expect pro forma gross profit dollars to grow by approximately 50% to 54% on a year-over-year basis. As for Q3 operating expenses, we're targeting consolidated advertising expenses of approximately $64 million to $67 million with approximately 85% of that amount being spent on online advertising.  We expect sales and marketing expense of between $13 million and $14 million. We expect personnel cost, excluding stock-based compensation, to come in between $21.5 million and $22.5 million. We expect G&A expenses of approximately $9 million to $9.5 million; information technology costs of approximately $3.5 million to $3.9 million and depreciation and amortization expense, excluding acquisition amortization, of approximately $3.5 million.  We expect total below the line positive impact of approximately $1 million which comprises net interest income, foreign exchange expense, equity and income of Priceline mortgage and minority interest expense. We're targeting pro forma EPS of approximately $1.21 to $1.31 per share and our pro forma EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax of approximately $14 million comprised of alternative minimum tax in the United States and income taxes in Europe. Our pro forma EPS guidance is based upon a pro forma diluted share count of approximately 43.6 million shares. The midpoint of our pro forma EPS range represents a 75% increase versus last year's third quarter.  As for expected GAAP results, we expect to report GAAP EPS of between $0.90 and $1 per share. The difference between our GAAP and pro forma results will be driven primarily by the inclusion of acquisition-related amortization, stock-based compensation and certain income tax expenses, all of which are non-cash in nature. GAAP results will also be negatively impacted by the inclusion of approximately 1.5 million shares of additional, unissued common stock associated with our convertible note offering that is fully hedged but that as I just mentioned, we are required to use in the calculation of GAAP EPS.  While we are not going to give detailed line item guidance for the full year 2007, we are comfortable giving the following bookings and pro forma EPS guidance. To summarize where we were before today's earning announcement, we had been forecasting full year 2007 gross bookings of between $4.1 billion and $4.25 billion. We are now upping that target to approximately $4.5 billion to $4.65 billion, of which approximately $2.45 billion to $2.55 billion is expected to come from booking.com.  As for EPS, we have been forecasting pro forma EPS of between $2.90 and $3.10 per share. We are now targeting pro forma EPS of approximately $3.50 to $3.65 per share. This is based on a pro forma effective cash income tax rate of approximately 17%. The slight upward revision in our cash income tax rate guidance is due to the fact that most of the earnings upside is being generated internationally where we are a taxpayer.  GAAP EPS is expected to be approximately $1.82 to $1.97 per share. The pro forma EPS guidance for the full year 2007 is based upon diluted share count of approximately 42.6 million shares, which includes a calculation of the economic dilutive impact of all of our outstanding convertible notes and stock options, net of the favorable impact of our convertible note hedges based upon the actual year-to-date trading prices of our stock and an assumption that the future trading price of our stock for the remainder of 2007 will be equal to yesterday's closing stock price of $61.72 per share.  As I've discussed exhaustively in previous earnings calls, our diluted share count has and will continue to be affected by the inclusion of additional shares associated with our convertible debt. The amount of additional shares is, in turn, directly impacted by movements in our stock price, which is a good segue to an update that I wanted to provide with respect to our statistical supplement.  We have added a couple of new sections to our statistical supplement to better aid investors in their analysis of our business. The first new section gives investors a grid that shows what our potential diluted share counts would be for Q3 2007, full year 2007 and full year 2008 based upon various hypothetical stock prices.  As we have said in previous earnings calls, we are not going to get into the practice of predicting our stock price, but we hope that this detailed data gives investors who have their own price targets a guidepost that they can use to forecast our pro forma EPS on an ongoing basis. As Jeff just mentioned in his remarks, the second new section is in our stats supplement. The new section gives an update to investors on how our Q2 results were impacted by the loss of the Orbitz affiliate business that we had last year but did not have this year. As Jeff mentioned, we think the data shows that the fundamentals of our domestic business in 2007 are actually a little stronger than our reported numbers might indicate, due to the significant distortion of the Orbitz business had on comparable gross bookings numbers last year. We will continue to provide this Orbitz data through year end.  Finally, I will point out as I have done on previous calls that all of our aforementioned forecasts are based upon an assumption that we will continue operating in a consumer travel market that is roughly similar to the current one. Any terrorist event, particularly within the United States or Europe, would in all likelihood have a negative impact on the travel market in general and our operating results in particular.  With that, we would be happy to answer your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs. 
 Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs : Your guidance, obviously you outperformed in the quarter relative to the midpoint and the gross bookings line by international, but when I look at your increased guidance, which is obviously pretty significant it looks like you've also increased your guidance for domestic by quite a bit. Specifically, I think at the old midpoint, your international gross bookings was 71% growth and now it's 86%. Your old domestic was down 5.5% if I'm doing the math right. It's now up 5.2%.  So, I was wondering if you can talk about the gross bookings swing domestically there?. Obviously you're seeing good strength in rental cars and merchant hotel, as you mentioned, and you are seeing good strength in profitability. But does that assume an improvement or is it just lapping the Orbitz loss in the back half of '06? And then I have a follow-up. 
 Bob Mylod :  Sure, Anthony, it's Bob. I will take that one. I think obviously yes, inherent in the forecast is an expectation that some of the difficult numbers we've been experiencing domestically are going to improve. We talked a little bit about it in our remarks in the sense that our non-air businesses have and continue to perform very well and they have, despite the loss of the Orbitz businesses, they've been showing very healthy year-over-year numbers. Obviously if you look at it excluding Orbitz it looks even better.  You probably are aware that during the course of the summer, we've been running an airfare sale where we've been giving customers a break on the processing fee associated with the purchase of retail tickets and that's certainly given us a little bit of a bump in airline ticket gross bookings. Not really going to impact our bottom line; in fact, while that has helped our ticket sales, it has not helped our bottom line. In fact, we will probably have lost a little bit of money running that promotion during the summer. 
 Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs :  Really two follow-ups, I apologize. The first is there's a concern that internationally there will be increased competition from the likes of Expedia and Orbitz. I wanted to get your perspective, Jeff and Bob, if you look back to the United States in 1999 and 2000, while there was a fair number of online travel companies competing for the sector growth, the actual investment that was being made by all of them grew the market fast enough so the rising tide lifted all boats.  Do you think we're in that situation internationally so as these other companies become more aggressive with marketing and supplier relationships, it actually helps build awareness of the market and grows the online shift? Or do you think you run into competitive factors that are more representative of the U.S. the way they are in say, '05 through '07? 
Jeff Boyd:  I think it's very difficult to try and draw comparisons between the way the U.S. online travel market grew, particularly the hotel business and what's going on in Europe. There are just so many different dynamics, including a very different hotel supply environment, as well as the complexity of dealing with a number of different countries.  So, I think it's really very hard to try to analyze the prospects of the European market by looking at the history in the U.S. market and in particular, there were a lot of things driving growth in the United States like the ability and practice of some hotels actually discounting in main steam retail channels, which really has had very little impact, at least in our opinion, on growth in the European business. So, I think they are really two very different things.  The second thing I will say is I think the size and breadth of the European market in terms of the population, the number of vacation days, the underlying trends in terms of the growth of Internet penetration, broadband, usage and the comfort of Europeans in ecommerce itself transactions, credit cards, et cetera, all of those provide a great tailwind, I think, to all the businesses in the marketplace. It's a big market and as you can see, based on the results Expedia announced earlier and our results, there is room for more than one company to do very well there. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley. 
 Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley : On Europe, you guys talked at some length about the industry growth and the drivers behind that, but from a company-specific perspective, the year-over-year growth comparison became more difficult in Q2 versus comparison in Q1n yet you still accelerated the bookings growth in Europe.  Can you elaborate a little bit more about what you're doing company-specific to continue to so meaningfully outperform the market growth? I know your guidance numbers for the full year speak for themselves for Europe, but if you could talk a bit more qualitatively about the longer-term growth potential for the company as opposed to the market opportunity. In other words, how much longer can the company continue to grow so much faster than the market and what is the driving force behind that? 
Jeff Boyd:  We're not going to try to predict or guide to any longer term numbers than what Bob gave in the guidance portion of the call. I think there are a couple of things that are helping booking.com do well. First is we have a very supplier-friendly model compared to the merchant model that the competition uses in Europe. Our hotel partners control their rates in pricing and inventory and find it very easy to deal with our business there.  Secondly, we have a very consumer-friendly model. It's an agency model so they don't have to prepay. For most of our customers, the cost of the hotel stay is probably the biggest single cost in their travel plans or in their vacation, so, we think it's meaningful that they don't have to prepay.  We have to compete for inventory, we're well-positioned to do that because we basically are a lower cost distribution channel than the other options that the hotels may have, whether it be offline consolidators or our online competitors.  Finally, I think our team here has done an excellent job of building out Pan-European business with demand coming from a lot of different countries; it is really very, very attractive for the hotels to do business with us. I think those are some of the things that are driving the growth rates that we've been reporting internationally and we are working to build on those strengths, in particular, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, to start to develop new markets and build up the size and strength of those markets so that at some point in time, they will become sizable enough to really make a contribution to our overall growth. 
 Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley : Jeff, on that latter point, in terms of the company gaining scale in some of these countries, I'm curious as to what extent the intention is to take advantage of that growing scale? To continue to spend aggressively on marketing and drive high growth, as opposed to as the company gains scale, maybe letting margins in some of the smaller countries where the company is currently sub-scale and probably sub-average on the margin front, let those margins ramp up more aggressively? How do you trade off the growth versus the margins in the medium to longer term? 
Jeff Boyd:  In terms of building out the international hotel business, our bias is going to be towards growing the business, growing the footprint and not necessarily trying to squeeze every last dollar of net income out of it. We think there is significant opportunity internationally, not just in Europe but in the United States, where our Europe source business is still relatively small. In Asia, I mentioned the Pacific Rim in my remarks and in other countries outside of Western Europe, where the hotel business is pretty small and we intend to invest to build those markets up. We think the opportunity to grow organically with the booking.com model has been demonstrated by the success we have had in building it organically across Europe. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Mahaney - Citigroup. 
 Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: Jeff, you made a quick reference early on to the Pacific Rim. Is there anything you could talk about there in terms of an update on market strategies?  Bob, any thoughts on how far or how long you could extend the cutback in the customer processing fee for? It's been something of an experiment for you, although I think you've done this on and off in the past. Does it feel like the business is at a point where you actually could eliminate that completely, going forward for the business? 
Jeff Boyd:  Okay, I will hit the first one and Bob will do the second. In terms of the Pacific Rim, we already have inventory in Asia and in particular in some of the principal capitals -- Singapore, Hong Kong, Taiwan -- and we are going to increase our efforts to build in the first instance, supply there, so that we can have more inventory to offer to principally U.S. and European travelers. We're interested in the market in Australia, New Zealand, our competition is already there in one way, shape or form, and we think there is an opportunity for us to build the booking.com business organically there, as well. 
 Bob Mylod: Before I answer that question, just to follow up on Jeff, Jeff also mentioned the United States as being an important area for growth, and I think we've spoken historically, Mark, that when we formed booking.com through the investments and Bookings BV and Active Reservations, neither company was doing basically any business in the United States, and that's a very important destination for Europeans, especially so given what's been going on with the euro relative to the dollar. So, that's one area of growth that was a greenfield for us that's not necessarily greenfield for some of our competitors and is sort of contributing maybe little bit, or that we hope will continue to allow us to grow above markets rates.  As for the fee, Mark, you're right. Historically over the past many summers we have tried to institute some sort of a promotion related to airline ticket sales, hotel rooms. This is one of those promotions. In terms of our ability to keep doing it, I think obviously the numbers that you see for Q2 as well as inherent in the guidance for Q3 show that I mentioned earlier that running this promotion allowed us to get a little bit of a bump in airline ticket sales that helped our gross bookings and are presumably going to help our unit, but the amount of extra ticket sales are not overcoming the lost revenue and gross profit associated with the foregone processing fees. So, I think the answer is obviously we have the ability to do it but that's more reflective of how small that business is relative to the other businesses.  As Jeff mentioned in his remarks, and as we've mentioned really sort of exhaustively over the last year, the airline ticket business is just not much of a big driver of our overall results anymore. So, it's one of those things where no matter what we do either way, it's not expected to drive sort of big changes in consolidated results. 
 Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: Booking.com sales, bookings to Europeans traveling to the U.S., is there any way to measure that materiality so far and is that actually big enough to have caused that acceleration? How early are you in that opportunity and how big could that be of booking.com's bookings in the future? 
 Bob Mylod:  It's immaterial to the historical results, including the Q2 results, Mark, but again, we know obviously it's a very big market. I wouldn't want to quantify how big it could be, but, again, it's a material play, it's a big market, lots of Europeans are traveling to the United States. We assume that that's an important part of Expedia's business, for instance, we're quite sure that that's probably a bigger business for them than it is for us, so we just view again that that's an opportunity for the future along with some of these growth initiatives outside of Europe. That's why you'll see in our remarks that we're really now speaking about booking.com not so much necessarily as a European business, but really as an international business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Post - Merrill Lynch. 
 Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: It looks like you're guiding to what looks like an acceleration in total bookings. Does that also imply an acceleration in hotel room nights from the second quarter? I think you've already gone through some of the drivers, but is that what you're looking for over the next two quarters, based on July results so far? 
 Bob Mylod:  Justin, I don't want to get into specific unit metric guidance because we didn't give that form of guidance, but obviously inherent in our ability to maintain these growth rates again, Jeff mentioned it his remarks, that increasingly we're becoming a hotel business, a worldwide hotel business that happens to sell some airline tickets and rental cars in the United States. So it would be hard for us to achieve any of these numbers without continued strong numbers in hotels. 
 Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: What kind of new inventory were you able to add? What are you most happy about as far as what countries or what types of hotel inventory you added to your sites in the second quarter? 
Jeff Boyd:  I think if you look at our last publication of hotel numbers, you can see that the European numbers have come up by a few thousand hotels. Some of those hotels are in newer markets, some of them are in existing markets. I think in terms of what we're more and more excited about, though, is getting real inventory in some of the newer markets and starting to see some gross bookings flow to that inventory. Not, as I said before, because it has a significant impact on our gross bookings growth today, but it holds the potential that these new markets could be the source of growth in the future. 
 Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: I don't know if you will answer this, but we'll ask. Any relative bookings size in the U.K. versus overall or the U.K. growth rate versus the overall growth rate? 
 Bob Mylod: No, you're right, we're not going to answer it. I guess we reiterate what we said historically which is we believe that we have a higher exposure in concentration to the continental Europe countries, which are the faster growing than the U.K. and, again, we think that's one of the reasons why our growth rates have looked higher than the competition. Not to say, obviously that UK, it's a very important market for us, and we couldn't have these growth rates if the UK wasn't also performing very well. It's just that some of the continental Europe markets have been growing at triple-digit rates. 
 Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Any impact from Expedia? They talked about spending more in the second quarter. What's that doing to the search marketing landscape in Europe at this point? 
Jeff Boyd:  I don't think we want to get into a lot of detail about what we're seeing in the search market, just because it's so competitive to give insights as to what we're seeing could have an impact on what somebody else does. 
 Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: It looks like the debt in the short-term liability column in the balance sheet, is there any meaning for that to be in the short-term section versus the long term? 
Jeff Boyd:  Yes, Justin. The reason for why it's classified as short term is because the stock price, at least as of the first and second quarters, had traded at prices above which the convertible note holders are allowed to convert their stock if they so choose, and because they have that right, we're required under GAAP to classify that debt as short term. It's not our current expectation that much if any of that activity would happen, given where our stock price is trading, given the fact that the convertible notes are trading at higher prices than the components of the convertible would trade if we were to deliver cash and stock if they were to convert. So as long as the converts continue to trade above that price, we expect that the substantial majority of them would stay outstanding despite that classification on the balance sheet. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray. 
 Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray: The third party data that we're looking at suggests very strong traffic growth to your U.S. website. Can you give us a sense if you just saw a similar trend and if that was due to air fare sale or something else? 
Jeff Boyd:  We typically don't rely or comment on the third party traffic data because very often it's completely different from what we see internally. As you can see by the domestic gross booking numbers that we reported, the domestic gross bookings were not up substantially, so there's probably a bit of a disconnect there. 
 Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray: In terms of clarification for your booking.com hotel number, I think you said 35,000. Are those all direct relationships or are some of those through a GDS system? On the international side, can you comment on any country specifically where you were seeing strong upside from? Thank you. 
Jeff Boyd:  They're all direct relationships, the inventory is propriety and it's loaded into the booking.com extranet.  With respect to country strength again, we, as Bob mentioned, there are some countries in continental Europe that are growing at triple-digit rates. Beyond that, I don't think we want to make any further comment. 
 Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray: Finally, can you just give us a sense for at what point maybe a portion of incremental profits into maybe branding advertising in Europe as opposed to maybe more online advertising? Is that an option at some point here for you guys? 
Jeff Boyd:  We don't look at it as an either/or. We believe that we're generating some significant brand equity through our online marketing and we really don't have any plans at this point in time to spend a significant amount of money in offline branding. It's very expensive and the complexity of the market makes it very difficult to efficiently roll out TV, radio campaigns and the like. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Imran Khan – JP Morgan. 
Imran Khan - JP Morgan: If I look at your marketing dollar, you're controlling the marketing spending pretty closely. I was trying to understand your unaided branded awareness or organic traffic of growth in your site, in international market.  Secondly, if I look at the growth of the gross bookings, could you give us some sense, is it the growth coming from the additional users or is driven by increased conversion of the users? Thank you. 
Jeff Boyd:  In terms of brand awareness, we do some tracking of that domestically, but I don't have a real correlation for you in terms of what we're spending and what we're seeing in those metrics. What I can tell you is that we believe we are benefiting, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, from increasing repeat business in our core European markets. 
 Bob Mylod: As for the second question, Imran, without sort of getting into specifics, I think it's really a combination principally of new customers that obviously we're acquiring through online means, but lots of initiatives associated with repeat customers. As Jeff said, we don't view online advertising as pure dollar spend for customer acquisition. We think there's a lot of branding components to the things that we do and so a lot of our initiatives are focused on getting customers who do business with us to repeat with us or to come directly to our website and that's very, very important because it's extremely competitive in the online advertising market in Europe.  It's competitive here, it's competitive there and so then the last component is also a conversion. We're like every company in Europe and in the United States. We pay a lot of money to get these customers to come to our websites and so we have lots of conversion initiatives underway that have yielded some dividends and hopefully will continue to on an ongoing basis. 
Imran Khan - JP Morgan: What was your international revenue this quarter? 
 Bob Mylod:  International revenue was $90.4 million. 
Operator:  Our next question comes from Jake Fuller - Thomas Weisel. 
 Jake Fuller - Thomas Weisel: From a broader standpoint, cash position continues to build, that level relatively low; any broader plans, acquisitions, buybacks? 
Jeff Boyd:  Jake, I think we continue to operate in a market where there are opportunities for consolidation and we are active on the corporate development front to keep our eyes out for opportunities for us. I wouldn't comment specifically on share buybacks other than to say that we've disclosed previously that there's an authorization out there that we could use if we chose to. 
 Jake Fuller - Thomas Weisel: Going back to the for sale issue, have you seen any step up in the attachment rate? So, as you run the sale, drive ticket volumes up, if you cross sell into the hotel product, what's helping drive those volumes? 
Jeff Boyd:  It's something that we're looking at very carefully, but probably not comfortable making a lot of comments on that. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Scott Kessler - Standard and Poor’s. 
 Scott Kessler - Standard & Poor’s: I'm actually going to connect the dots on a couple of questions that were already asked. I think it's fair to say that one of the reasons you've been so successful in Europe is because you made two very shrewd acquisitions and obviously I think the next frontier to some extent from a geographic perspective is Asia. Would you be looking at specifically acquisitions in Asia to help you build both branding as well as the supplier relationships that you might be looking for there? 
Jeff Boyd: Scott, if you look at our history, we've been willing to look at local businesses and if they fit within our business model and our culture and are additive to our efforts at geographic expansion, that's something we would be interested in. So, I certainly wouldn't preclude that as a possibility. 
 Scott Kessler - Standard & Poor’s: Jeff, you referenced the fact that your push into Asia right now is more organically focused. Is that simply because that is the current strategy, or is that really your preference at this point? 
Jeff Boyd:  I wouldn't express it as a preference or as exclusively our strategy. We think there's an opportunity to build organically and if we can find acquisitions that allow us to accelerate that process or give us scale or a larger footprint more rapidly we would consider that as well. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Michael Millman - Soleil Securities. 
 Michael Millman - Soleil:  I was curious as to whether you believe or think that there's some similarity in the European hotel business with Ctrip’s hotel business? Related to that, they said last night that about 80% of their business is repeat business and it takes about a year-and-a-half for a hotel property to mature in terms of getting an average number of hits and stays and that once it hits maturity, it doesn't change all that much. Can you comment as to whether you see the same type of thing in Europe? 
Jeff Boyd: We really haven't studied the business of Ctrip to try to see if there are any parallels in what they're seeing and what we're seeing. So, I really can't help you with that. 
 Bob Mylod:  Other than to say obviously it's two very different markets in terms of geography. Slightly different models also in terms of sort of how the business is conducted. Again, I'm not all that close to their numbers, but I think our growth rates in Europe are substantially in excess of their growth rates in Asia, and when you're growing as fast as we're growing, the implication obviously of that is that we have a lot of new customers coming into our website. So, we certainly don't have 80% of our business coming from repeat customers. We think obviously that's just a function of how quickly we're growing because of new customers.  As we said, though, obviously, one of our most important initiatives is to cultivate that repeat customer because we know how important that customer is and how high the ROIs are on repeat customers. 
 Michael Millman - Soleil: In terms of your guidance in Europe, are you assuming that pricing growth, ADR remains about the same? It looks like for the first half it's been around 20% in U.S. dollars. 
 Bob Mylod:  I would say we are assuming that the pricing continues to be similar to the pricing that is in the current market, I think your 20% number is a little bit high, Michael. Average ADRs in Europe on a local currency basis are running about 5% up year over year. Obviously with currency that helps that number, brings it into a double-digit number, but not close to 20. 
 Michael Millman - Soleil:  So, just to understand your answer, when you said it's based upon the current price, in other words, your guidance is not assuming any increase in FX or any benefit from FX or from ADR growth? 
 Bob Mylod:  That's right, it's based upon roughly the same in terms of FX and current ADRs that we're seeing currently for the remainder of the year. 
 Michael Millman - Soleil: This follows some of the earlier questions and maybe some credibility about the market because you're up strongly; Expedia.com was up strongly; Hotwire was up over 50%; the U.S. market isn't growing that fast, suppliers don't seem to be losing. Where is the business coming from? Or who is it coming from? 
Jeff Boyd: I think in the case of Hotwire being up 50%, a significant portion of that business came from us because they got the Orbitz business and we don't have it anymore. As to Expedia's total domestic growth rate, I think that's pretty much in line with market numbers and the balance of the growth and what's really driving the high rates is European, which is a new market which is providing new business for players like us, perhaps at the expense of offline travel and consolidators. But it certainly is not a share game in Europe among the online travel players. 
 Michael Millman - Soleil:  Sorry, I meant only in the U.S. 
 Bob Mylod: In the U.S., just to clarify, our gross bookings were down 4% year over year. So again, we think a lot of that has to do with the loss of the Orbitz business, but if you're trying to add up the growth rates on a consolidated domestic basis of us, Expedia and Orbitz, I think it would show that the domestic business is a significantly slower grower than outside of the U.S. 
Operator:  Gentlemen, I show no further questions at this time. Did you have any closing remarks? 
Jeff Boyd: Thank you all very much for attending the call.

===== 2007 Q1  (2007-05-08 16:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives:: Jeff Boyd - President and CEO  Bob Mylod - CFO
Analysts:: Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray  Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs  Bridget Wysha - JP Morgan  Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley  Paul Keung – CIBC World Markets  Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Investment  James Sanford - Merrill Lynch  Michael Millman - Soleil Securities
 Operator : Welcome to Priceline’s first quarter 2007 conference call. Priceline would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements which remain pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied, or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause Priceline’s actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of Priceline’s earnings press release as well as Priceline’s most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Priceline undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. A copy of Priceline’s earnings press release together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement is available in the investor relations section of Priceline’s website, located at www.priceline.com. And now, I’d like to introduce Priceline’s speaker for this afternoon, Mr. Jeff Boyd. Please go ahead.
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
 Jeff Boyd : Thank you very much and welcome everybody to Priceline’s first quarter conference call. I’m here with Priceline’s CFO, Bob Mylod. Priceline recorded gross bookings for the first quarter of $998 million, up 34% year over year. Pro forma gross profit of $104 million was up 43% and pro forma net income was $17 million, or $0.43 per share. First quarter results surpassed the high end of our guidance due to better than forecast earnings in both our domestic and European businesses, and exceeded first call consensus estimates of $0.27 per share. Priceline’s gross bookings growth rate was driven by a 91% growth at Booking.com, which again exceeded our growth expectations in the first quarter. Bottom line, over performance was attributable to European bookings growth, growth in domestic gross profit, and marketing efficiencies. Priceline’s domestic growth rate was 1% in the first quarter, a decrease from 12% in Q4. Merchant gross bookings were up 8% in the first quarter, a decrease from 18% growth in Q4. The previously announced termination of the Orbitz Opaque and Travelweb relationships and forecasted weakness in retail airline ticket sales were responsible for slowing domestic growth. Booking.com continues to benefit from positive e-commerce and travel-market trends in Europe. Booking.com is building supply, content, and distribution across Europe, which is contributing to growth of the business. We also continue to see benefits from integration activities, product enhancement, and marketing efficiencies. Booking.com continues to focus on online brand building, building repeat business, and bringing in more destinations and hotels, with the network now including over 32,000 hotels in 54 countries. Our European management and employees continue to execute well in building market leadership in key western European markets, and planting seeds for future growth in newer markets. Our supply and distribution teams are building strong local relationships based on our supplier-friendly model. The team has also done a good job scaling the business and achieving integration benefits and objectives. As expected, gross bookings for Priceline’s domestic business were negatively impacted by the loss of Opaque and Travelweb business from Orbitz. We decided last year not to renew the Opaque transaction with Orbitz, and have increased the return on investment hurdles in other online channels. These steps have reduced gross bookings, especially in airlines tickets, which accounted for the majority of Orbitz Opaque business, and in retail tickets, where reduced GDS economics magnified the effect of higher ROI requirements. Despite the loss of Orbitz business, our domestic hotel and rental car businesses continue to perform well in the quarter, showing solid growth in units and gross bookings. The strength of these businesses is evident in the 8% growth in merchant bookings, and 11% growth in pro forma and domestic growth profit dollars in the quarter. The performance of our merchant business together with the benefit of greater marketing efficiencies contributed to better than expected domestic earnings. And importantly, our airline ticket business, hardest hit by the aforementioned changes, made a significant contribution to growth and earnings. We believe that the favorable results we are seeing in the business coming directly to Priceline.com, rather than through branded affiliates like Orbitz, are being driven by our new advertising campaign, The Negotiator, featuring William Shatner, and good execution in other online channels. We continue to role out new creative initiatives for the Negotiator and are seeding the campaign in other media. We are also pursuing new online partnerships at reasonable rates in an effort to replace some of the lost Orbitz business over time. Finally, we continue to build content and functionality aimed at enhancing customer loyalty, and expect to deploy some of these programs later this year. With these initiatives, the momentum of our domestic merchant business, and improved customer acquisition costs, we expect domestic earnings growth to continue for the balance of 2007. Priceline’s objective is to be the leading domestic online destination for value-conscious leisure travelers, and the leading online hotel reservation service in Europe. We continue to show superior growth and profitability in Europe, and the domestic business is contributing nicely to growth and earnings. We continue to be pleased with Priceline’s combined financial performance. I will now turn the call over to Bob for the financial review.
 Bob Mylod : Thanks Jeff. First quarter of 2007 was another strong quarter, during which we were able to continue the strong earnings momentum on both sides of the Atlantic that we had established during the fourth quarter of 2006. Internationally, Booking.com once again turned in gross bookings growth that significantly exceeded our expectations, and that further added to our already formidable position as the largest online hotel reservations booking service in Europe. That top-line growth combined with great operational execution and expense management was the single biggest contributor to the upside and consolidated pro forma earnings for the quarter. In the US, Priceline’s earnings results also grew significantly on a year-over-year basis, coming in higher than our expectations. And because incremental operating income generated within the US is essentially free of tax because of our significant NOL tax assets, our US operations also played a big part in our earnings upside. Let me quickly go through some of the details of the quarter, and then I’ll get to guidance. I’ll start with total gross bookings of $998 million, which grew by 34% year-over-year. In our last earnings call we projected that our European businesses would generate $477-491 million of gross bookings in Q1. That guidance was based upon an assumption that we would experience fairly material monthly sequential declines in our annualized gross bookings growth rates in Europe. And in fact, while we did indeed experience monthly sequential declines, the rate of decline was not as steep as anticipated, and accordingly, our European annualized gross bookings growth rate came in at 91%, substantially above our forecast of between 75-80%, which drove European gross bookings of $520 million. As for our domestic business, to recap what Jeff just mentioned, our gross bookings came in pretty much where we expected, although we did a little bit better with respect to our hotel and rental car services, and we came in below expectations with respect to the sale of airline tickets, which is evidenced by the 12.2% year-over-year decline in the unit sales of airline tickets. And while we were generally disappointed with this result, keep in mind that the airline ticket service represents a small fraction of our domestic profitability, and an even smaller fraction of our consolidated profitability. Moreover, the shortfall in airline ticket sales relative to our forecast came more from the very low margin retail airline ticket service than it did the high margin opaque airline ticket service. Consequently, the lower than expected airline ticket sales had a negligible impact on overall results. As for revenues, the strong gross bookings performance led to an 18% revenue growth, which was in excess of our 15% guidance. As for gross profit dollars, again, gross bookings over performance coupled with a favorable shift (inaudible) towards the higher margin merchant products, including retail merchant hotels, allowed us to deliver pro forma and gross profit dollars in growth that also came in substantially ahead of the high end of our guidance. As for our pro forma operating expenses, our Q1 advertising expense of $43.3 million came in below our prior guidance. Which, given that it is the largest of our expense-line items, was a big driver to our profit upside. This was gratifying for several reasons. First, as we have mentioned for several quarters now, our goal domestically is to focus with even greater intensity on achieving operating leverage and high return on investment. We clearly achieved this in Q1. Jeff detailed this point with his discussion of the Orbits online ad deal, but I want to also stress that the improvements in domestic online ROI generally came across the board. Second, while the European market is certainly becoming more and more competitive with respect to online spend, we remain disciplined in sticking to our ROI targets, and in fact did a little bit better than planned. And finally, as you can see from overall gross bookings growth, none of these online marketing efficiencies came at the expense of our overall growth targets. Moving on to the remainder of our pro-forma expenses, the sum of personnel costs, G&A, depreciation and amortization, and sales and marketing expense came in roughly in line with our prior guidance. Our pro forma income tax expense actually came in higher than our prior guidance due to the strong pre-tax income performance in Europe, where our NOLs do not apply and where we are a taxpayer. We also incurred approximately $300,000 of losses associated with foreign exchange hedging activities due to the increase in the value of the Euro and the Pound, the two principal foreign currencies with which we transact in Europe, relative to the Dollar. These losses were generally offset by favorable FX earnings translations for our European operations which flowed through each line item of our income statement. As I mentioned on our prior earnings call, our general goal with respects to FX is to hedge a substantial portion of our expected year term earnings, mainly through the use of fairly plain manila forward contracts. Therefore while there were FX gains achieved by the Euro and the Pound against the Dollar during the first quarter, the impact to our Q1 EPS was not material due to the offsetting impact of our hedging activities. Our European gross bookings metric was positively impacted by FX in the first quarter and our statistical supplement shows our European gross bookings growth rates on a local currency basis. We reported pro forma net income of $0.43 per share, which as Jeff mentioned, represented a 126% year-over-year growth and handily invested both our guidance and first call estimates of $0.27 per share. We reported a GAAP net loss of $0.44 per share for the quarter driven principally by our previous (inaudible) settlement of the securities class action lawsuit that dates back to the year 2000. The cost of the settlement and associated legal expenses, net of offsetting insurance proceeds, was approximately $55 million. None of the cash associated with the legal settlement has yet been paid, so the settlement appears on our balance sheet as an accrued expense. It is our expectation that the cash payments, net of the offsetting insurance contribution, will be paid in the second quarter. The securities litigation settlement expenses were partially offset by income that was recognized with respect to an excised tax refund that was confirmed by the Internal Revenue Service several weeks ago. As I discussed on our prior earnings call, we received a favorable ruling from the IRS last year on whether or not Federal Transportation Excise taxes are due and payable on the gross profit that we earn on the sale of merchant airline tickets. Prior to that ruling we had been remitting such a tax to the IRS and recognizing the expenses associated with the tax as a deduction to our merchant revenues. Upon receipt of the ruling, we immediately stopped remitting the taxes and then pressed for a refund of the amount that we had paid previously. Approximately $15.9 million of the refund appears as revenue in our GAAP P&L and another $2.8 million appears on our interest income line item as the IRS paid us for foregone interest on our refund. The cash from the excise tax refund had not been paid as of the end of Q1, so it appears on our balance sheet as another current asset. The cash refund was actually received in April. Finally, our income tax expense was positively impacted by the net cost of the legal settlement, net of the excised tax refund, by approximately $14.4 million. So the negative after tax impact of the legal settlement, net of the excised tax refund, was approximately $22 million and all of these items have been excluded from our pro forma results because of their one time nature and their lack of comparability to prior periods' results. GAAP results were also negatively impacted by approximately $5.9 million of acquisition related amortization and $3.2 million of stock based compensation expense which reflects the impact of the adoption of FAS 123R last year. All these expenses were non-cash in nature. GAAP results exclude approximately 3.9 million shares of common stock equivalence associated with our convertible bonds, employee stock options, and un-invested restricted stock due to the anti dilutive impact that the inclusion of the stock would have had on our GAAP loss. As for cash and cash flow we generated approximately $18.8 million in operating cash flow during the quarter which consistent with our historical operating cash flow was slightly in excess of our pro forma net income. The problem was we noticed that our OCF was roughly flat versus last year, but keep in mind that in last year's first quarter there was no cash outflow associated with the payment of income taxes versus a $6.6 million outflow this year. Also the comparability of this year's first quarter OCF versus last year's was distorted by the payment of approximately $5.5 million in performance based employee bonuses in Europe that were accrued last year and paid in the first quarter of this year. In last year's first quarter there were no such payments made in Europe. As for our cash balances we began the quarter with $434 million of cash in marketable securities and we closed the quarter with $457.6 million of cash in marketable securities representing an increase in cash of $23.6 million in the quarter. We generated approximately $7.6 million from the exercise of employee stock options and we repurchased approximately $1.4 million of our stock during the quarter. Total capital expenditures in the first quarter were approximately $2.2 million. And now for a few comments on guidance. We're looking for second quarter gross bookings to grow by approximately 23-28% on a year-over-year basis with gross bookings from Priceline Europe growing approximately 72-76% on a year-over basis. You will note that this guidance implies a decline in our domestic gross bookings, although it is our expectation that our higher margin merchant gross bookings will be roughly flat with last year, despite the loss of the Orbitz business which was a significant contributor to domestic merchant gross bookings last year. We expect pro forma revenue, which excludes the benefit of additional excised tax refunds that are expected in Q2, to grow by approximately 10-15% on a year-over-year basis. We expect pro forma gross profit dollars to grow by approximately 34-38% on a year-over-year basis. As for Q2 operating expenses, we're targeting consolidated advertising expenses of approximately $52-55 million with approximately 75-80% of that amount being spent on online advertising. We expect sales and marketing expense of between $13-14 million and we expect personnel cost excluding stock based compensation to come in between $19.5-20.5 million. We expect G&A expenses of approximately $8-8.5 million and information and technology costs of approximately $3-3.2 million. And depreciation and amortization expense excluding acquisition amortization of approximately $3.2 million. We expect total below the line positive impact of approximately $1.3 million, which comprises net interest income, foreign exchange expense, equity and income of Priceline Mortgage and minority interest expense. We're targeting pro forma EPS of approximately $0.80-0.90 per share and our pro forma EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax of approximately $7 million comprised of alternative minimum tax in the United States and income taxes in Europe. Our pro forma EPS guidance is based upon pro forma diluted share count of approximately 42.9 million shares. The mid point of our pro forma EPS range represents a 55% increase versus last year's second quarter. As for expected GAAP results, we expect to report a GAAP EPS of between $0.52-0.62 per share. The difference between our GAAP and pro forma results will be driven primarily by the inclusion of acquisition related amortization, stock based compensation, and certain income tax expenses, all of which are non-cash in nature. GAAP results will be positively impacted by additional receipts of excise tax refunds in the amount of approximately $3 million, while the refund is cash in nature it is excluded from the pro forma results due to its one time nature and its lack of comparability to prior period results. Finally, GAAP results will be negatively impacted by the inclusion of approximately 1.4 million shares of additional unissued common stock associated with our 2006 convertible note offerings that we are required to use in the calculation of GAAP EPS. As I've mentioned on our prior earnings calls, because of the convertible note hedges that we have in place, the 2006 convertible notes do not begin to become dilutive unless and until our stock reaches a level of $50.47 per share. Therefore the share count used in computed pro forma EPS includes the treasury stock method dilutive impact of our two most recently completed debt transactions, only to the extent that our stock exceeds $50.47 per share. While we're not going to give detailed line item guidance for the full year 2007, we are comfortable giving the following bookings and pro forma EPS guidance as outlined in our press release last week. To summarize where we were before our earnings announcement, we had been forecasting full year 2007 pro forma EPS of between $2.60-2.90 per share. We're now targeting pro forma EPS of approximately $2.90-3.10 per share. This is based on a pro forma income tax rate of approximately 15.5%. GAAP EPS is expected to be approximately $1.25-1.45 per share primarily as a result as the same non-cash items that will impact Q1 as well as the shareholder litigation settlement and the income tax refund. We expect to achieve full year gross bookings of approximately $4.1-4.2 billion. The pro forma EPS guidance for the full year of 2007 is based upon a diluted share count of approximately 42.6 million shares, which includes a calculation of the economic dilutive impact of all of our outstanding convertible notes and stock options net of the favorable economic impact of our convertible note hedges based on actual year to date trading prices of our stock, and an assumption that the future trading price of our stock for the remainder of 2007 would be equal to yesterday’s closing stock price of $62.54 per share. This calculation produces an average trading price for the year of $58.59 per share. The share count in today’s guidance is a slightly higher share count than the one we shared in last week’s pre-announcement due to additional treasury stock method shares that have been added to our share count due to the increase in our stock price due to last week’s pre-announcement. Despite the slight increase in share count, we remain comfortable with our $2.90-3.10 range. And that leads me to a couple of final points that I would like to make about our forward-looking earnings for 2007 and beyond. The first point is essentially a repeat of a point I made on last quarter’s earnings call with respect towards diluted share count. On that call, I spend quite a bit of time talking about the potential dilutive impact that our outstanding convertible notes could have on our pro forma diluted shares outstanding, and therefore our pro forma EPS. Given the current trading levels of our stock, the diluted share count used to compute both GAAP and pro forma EPS will be more affected by movements up or down in the future trading price of our stock. As I also mentioned, we do not want to get into the business of projecting our stock price, so instead, we wanted to give you some numerical guideposts to use, to allow investors to better understand the potential dilutive impact to EPS that our convertible notes could have on our diluted share count. Specifically, at an average stock price of $50 per share for the full year 2007, the share counts that I just quoted for our full year 2007 pro forma EPS guidance would be reduced by approximately 1.8 million shares, and therefore our diluted share count would be approximately 40.8 million shares. At an annual stock price of $60 per share, the share counts would be increased by 300,000 shares, and therefore our diluted share count would be approximately 42.9 million shares. At an average annual stock price of $70 per share, the share counts would be increased by 1.8 million in shares, and therefore our diluted share count would be approximately 44.4 million shares. Finally, at an average annual stock price of $80 per share, the share counts would be increased by 3 million shares, and therefore our diluted share count would be approximately 45.6 million shares. As you can see, the higher our stock price goes, the more shares get included in our pro forma diluted EPS calculation, although as you can also see, the relationship is not linear, and the number of additional marginal shares decreases at ever higher stock price levels. The second point has to do with our income tax rate. As most of you know, because of our significant NOL tax assets in the US, we are not much of a cash tax payer in the US other than on a small alternative minimum tax basis. On the other hand, our NOL’s do not apply in Europe, and we are therefore a significant payer of cash income taxes there. In recent years, our effective cash tax rate has increased significantly because of the increasing share of consolidated pre-tax profits that are generated in Europe. Yet in 2007, our guidance for our cash tax rate assumes that this trend will stop and that there will be little change in the rate in 2007 versus 2006. This is due to our ongoing efforts to grow our domestic pre-tax income at significant higher rates in 2007 then in 2006. And while pre tax income is likely to grow at a faster rate in European than in the US in 2007, the respective growth rates are expected to be much more similar than in past years, and therefore we do not expect to see much of a change in our consolidated cash tax rate in 2007. However, it is our current expectation that in 2008 and beyond, Europe will grow its pre-tax income at significantly higher rates than the US. And therefore, it is our expectation that our cash tax rate will increase in 2008 and beyond, as our European business generates an ever-increasing share of our pre-tax income. So, while we are not going to get into a discussion of EPS for 2008 and beyond, I hope that this discussion of share counts and tax breaks are helpful to investors that are engaging in such a discussion. And finally, I’ll point out as I’ve done on previous calls, that all of our forecasts are based on an assumption that we’ll continue operating in a consumer travel market that’s roughly similar to the current one, and any terrorist event, particularly within the United States or Europe in all likelihood would have a negative impact on the travel market in general, and our operating results in particular. And with that, we’d be happy to answer your questions.
 Operator : Ladies and Gentleman, to ask a question please press the one key on your touchtone telephone. If your question has been answered or you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, please press the pound key. Again, to ask a question, press the one key. At this time we are holding for questions. First question comes from Aaron Kessler of Piper Jaffray. Your line is open.
 Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray : Great thank you. Good quarter guys. A couple questions, first, can you give us a sense for what the housekeeping is on what the international revenue number was? And then on, in terms of brand awareness, can you give us a sense they would have aided or unaided brand awareness bookings has in Europe at this point? I have one follow up question.
 Bob Mylod : Sure, and I’ll take the first one. Europe revenues for Q1 were $48 million and the growth profit dollars were $47.1 million.
 Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray : Good.
 Jeff Boyd : And Aaron, as to the brand awareness, we don’t have the same kind of research for Europe that we have for the United States. We use that principally here, to track the impact of our offline marketing and we don’t do any offline marketing in Europe but I think you can get an indication of that from looking at some of the published traffic data that’s out there for the booking.com sites compared to some of the other online sites.
 Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray : And you would imagine at some point, you would have to maybe increase the Europe brand aware system to kind of protect your brand anddo some search marketing and gain share, would you at some point consider doing more with the brand advertising in Europe?
 Jeff Boyd : The way we look at that at this point in time is there are a lot of things that we are doing and can do to build the brand and build awareness without getting into television and magazine advertising, which the complexities of the European market make that very expensive and sometimes not that effective. So, we’re principally engaged in efforts to build repeat business and customer loyalty based on online advertising and based on their experience on the website.
 Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray : Great thank you and good quarter.
 Jeff Boyd : Thanks.
 Operator : Thank you. Our next question comes from Anthony Noto with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
 Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs : Hi, this is actually Jen Watson in for Anthony. Quick question on the higher net revenue rates on both the merchant and agency bookings quarter. Can you discuss the factors that drove that and if they are sustainable throughout the year?
 Bob Mylod : Sure, Jen. With respect to merchant, our merchant products, I would say that we generally have experienced a slight increase in our core raw margins. With respect to the net revenue rate on agency, that’s more driven by seasonal factors as well as sort of the relative growth rates on a quarter by quarter basis. So because we did experience a sequential decrease in our gross bookings, remember because we recognized revenue on a stayed basis, there will always be a little bit of a lag effect. So, you should always see the revenue, if gross bookings are declining sequentially the revenues would not decline quite as fast in the same quarter.
Jennifer Watson- Goldman Sachs : Right, on a year over year basis, though with agency bookings, I see it never having a rate extended about 140%, does that year over year expansion likely to continue?
 Bob Mylod : I think there’s more of an impact with respect to Q1 and you shouldn’t necessarily start extrapolating with that trend.
 Jennifer Watson- Goldman Sachs : OK, thank you.
 Operator : Thank you. Imran Kahn of JP Morgan, your line is open, sir.
 Bridget Wysha - JP Morgan : Hi, this is Bridget Wysha calling in for Imran. We have a quick question about the international performance. It's consistently stronger than we all expect. Could you give any indication of what you think it will be going forward in the 15 different countries?
Jeff Boyd : I think we've given guidance to a range of growth rates for the second quarter, and so that represents our best estimate today. In terms of specific countries, I think our experience has been consistent over the last few quarters that the growth rates in continental Europe tend to be higher than the UK, which is a more mature market. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we try to build business, albeit from a small base, in some of the newer markets as you travel east, and some of those markets do have a higher growth rate. But again, it's from a small base.
 Bridget Wysha - JP Morgan : OK. And the operating leverage, could you discuss in more detail where you got that from, and how we should look at that going forward throughout the year?
 Bob Mylod: Sure, well with respect to the US, I think we've been trying to alert investors, at least for two to three quarters, that our goal, and it really started in the fourth quarter of last year, but certainly into 2007, is that domestically we are very trying to manage our business for above-market growth and earnings, domestically, even if that comes at the expense of a little bit of top-line growth. And so that's why, if you look at our domestic gross bookings while they were flat, our earnings grew at substantial rates. And that's very consistent with how we've been trying to manage the business, and that's as a result of, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, more stringent ROI requirements with respect to on-line spend, and of course very careful expense management overall, which is something really that has been a part of Priceline going all the way back to the year 2000. In Europe, I would say the leverage, again, was driven by very good ROIs with respect to on line spend better than we had planned, but with respect to fixed costs, if anything, that was really driven by, we said we probably did not hire as many people as quickly as we expected. We have very big growth plans in Europe to sort-of support the on line growth that we have, and our goal is to hire people, basically at this point, almost as fast as we can. And maybe we did not hire at the rate we expected in Q1. Our goal is to catch up to that because, again, we think the opportunity is large in Europe. So while we had very good leverage in Q1, I would not say that in Europe we have reached the point that we are at in the US, where we are really trying to go for leverage. Our goal is to go for growth in Europe. It just so happened that expenses did not catch up to our growth in Europe in Q1. But our goal is build up those markets across Europe, and there will be some expenses associated with it.
 Bridget Wysha - JP Morgan : Alright, thank you.
 Operator : Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Gutek of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
 Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley : Thanks. Hi guys, nice quarter. A couple of follow-ups on a previous line of thinking. First, focusing back on the US for a minute, could you elaborate a little more about how you're thinking about the optimal trade-off between growth and margins in the US, specifically, do you think that you could further cut back on the marketing and further boost margins meaningfully, or conversely, are you a little bit unhappy with the kind of growth you're seeing, and you'd like to spend a little more and get the growth rates back up? How much more opportunity is there to further tweak that optimal mix of growth versus profitability?
Jeff Boyd: You know, I think there are a couple of points I would make in response Chris. The first is, we do look at the different lines of business a little bit differently. Going back several years ago for Priceline, we experienced substantial year-over-year declines in our Opaque airline ticket business. And yet we were able to generate significant growth in Opaque hotels and Opaque rental car. And so I think that, while we're a little bit disappointed to see the year-over-year decline in airline tickets, it's much more important for us to have better trends in hotels and rental cars. And I think I said in the prepared remarks that we saw unit growth in hotels and rental cars, and that was in respectable levels, given what we understand about growth otherwise in the marketplace. So I think, while we're disappointed to see the airline ticket growth disappear and shrink here in the first quarter, as we mentioned, most of that is tied to Orbit's, and to really declining margins in retail tickets. We are absolutely not going to chase that business at a loss. We don't think that's the right way to run the business, and our experience tells us it's not necessary for us to that, in order to maintain relevance and continued growth in the hotel and rental car businesses, which are really much more important to driving our overall profitability, and I think maintaining high relevance and brand loyalty with our customers.
 Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley : OK. Maybe it's a similar conversation in the European business, and maybe to the extent that you're several years behind in Europe than what you are in the US, but could you elaborate on the opportunities to increase penetration in larger markets and to get into some newer markets, in terms of, how many years does it take before your European business looks like your US business? And maybe how many multiples of the current size in Europe can it be as that plays out over the next few years?
Jeff Boyd: We think there are just so many differences in the marketplace, that we don't really look at Europe and say, “OK, how much is this like the United States, and how can we map a path to the same levels of maturity that we see here in the United States?” Because of the relative youth of the market, because of basic travel trends, because of the complexity that different languages, different countries and cultures inject into the process, we just think it's a fundamentally different opportunity. The size of the opportunity is bigger, the population is at least as big, and there's more leisure travel because there is more holidays. The value of the service that we provide is higher for customers because they need the information we provide, and it's higher for suppliers, because they really don't have the ability in general to reach complex European demand on their own. So we really believe it's just fundamentally different. And if you look at the relative penetration of on-line travel in some of the less mature markets in Eastern and Southern Europe, that's essentially an untapped opportunity, in our opinion. So we just think there's a lot of runway, and we also think that the general travel market is basically developing a little bit differently there because of the very significant penetration of low-cost carriers. It's really made travel more affordable, and it's changed the way that people book travel. They've gotten used to the idea of being able to book a low-cost airline ticket virtually at will, and the principle shopping ends up being around the hotel. And we've got a great product to meet that demand.
 Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley : OK, great. And a quick one for Bob. Do you have the legal costs on an after-tax basis for the settlement?
 Bob Mylod : Well, I gave the components. I didn't break out the tax-effect legal for just the legal settlement. I did it for that including excise taxes. Maybe I could follow-up for you, Chris. It will certainly be in the queue that we file tomorrow.
 Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley : OK, great. Thanks.
 Operator : Our next question comes from Paul Keung of CIBC. Your line is open.
 Paul Keung – CIBC World Markets : Hey Jeff and Bob. Expedia mentioned today that their investment in Europe's second-tier markets is a long road ahead, and today they're really only making initial steps in the UK. So what do you think are the values to entry for a new entrance, for your strong leash on the secondary and tertiary markets in Europe?
 Bob Mylod : I think it represents to an advantage to us in some markets to be a first mover in terms of supply and inventory, but my belief is that those markets are available if somebody wants to go out and try to get supply. I'm sure Expedia will be reasonably successful in doing so. I don't think there's a huger barrier to entry in doing so. But I think we've got an inventory position there that's defensible and attractive for us.
Jeff Boyd: I would also add to that, that I think there's a general view out in the market that Priceline Europe is all about tertiary markets. And obviously that is an aspect of our business. But we've obviously given our gross bookings in Q1. We're at a $2+ billion run rate of gross bookings. And you don't get that big being in tertiary markets. So the major markets are very significant, big contributors to us. I think investors are somewhat a little bit misled into thinking that our gross bookings are driven by a bunch of cities that no one’s ever heard of. The biggest cities, London, Paris, those are our most important cities in terms of gross bookings.
 Paul Keung – CIBC World Markets : Thank you.
 Operator : Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney of Citigroup Investment. Your line is open.
 Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Investment : Thank you very much. Just one question on Europe. Can you give us an update on your thinking about different products outside of hotels, you’re clearly at a scale now and a size where you probably could advance aggressively into some other travel products like you already do a little bit of that... how do you think about the trade-offs in terms of doing that and the competitive advantages that you would bring to some of those other segments? Thank you.
 Jeff Boyd : I think, going back to the comment I made, Mark, about the differences between Europe and the United States, we really don’t have a view that the airline ticket business there is sufficiently attractive that we would try to start up a green field operation in airline tickets. Given the growth rate that we have in hotels, and we think that the great promise with that market continues to hold at this point in time, and we’re probably going to stay focused on hotels. I wouldn’t say never with respect to any other products, but we think hotels are the most attractive market for us right now.
 Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Investment : Thank you Jeff.
 Operator : Thank you. Our next question comes from Justin Post of Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
 James Sanford - Merrill Lynch : Hi, this is James Sanford for Justin Post. A couple really quick questions. One, on the Orbitz falling off this quarter, can you provide us in details, and I apologize if I missed it, on what that US growth might have been excluding the Orbitz on an organic basis? And secondly, it sounds like the US hotel industry is starting to reach a more stable sort of environment from the supplier perspective even with RevPAR potentially coming down. How does that impact Priceline going forward if conditions from suppliers start to improve?
 Jeff Boyd : I’ll answer the second question first, and then maybe Bob can hit the first one. I think the conditions in the hotel market are attractive for online travel agents and attractive for hotels, quite frankly. We are starting to see new supply come on with RevPAR growth moderating a little bit here. I think the value of the distribution we bring to the hotels is probably enhanced a little bit. People start to focus a little bit more on getting share versus absolutely maximizing their yield so, I think it’s a good market both for hotels and a good market for us to demonstrate the value of our distribution to hotels.
 Bob Mylod : And with respect to Orbitz, we’re not quantifying it, only because it’s impossible to quantify how much of the Orbitz traffic was essentially cannibalistic as you probably remember, that deal was branded. So, certainly some of the folks that came to us through Orbitz would have come to us anyway by just coming directly to our website. All of the Orbitz business appeared as merchant gross bookings, and as you can see, we have the Orbitz business in Q1 of last year. We did not have it in Q1 of this year, nevertheless, our merchant gross bookings were up as Jeff mentioned. They went from $266 million to $287 million despite the loss of Orbitz. So I think that tells you, obviously, that there was some diluted impact of the Orbitz deal, not to mention, obviously, how much we had to pay for it. Now the Orbitz business did get off to a slow start last year, so the impact of losing Orbitz for Q’s 2,3, and 4, well, will have more of an impact for our merchant gross bookings than they did in Q1. But again, it’s very difficult to quantify it on a dollar by dollar basis given sort of the cannibalism point I made.
 James Sanford - Merrill Lynch : That’s great. Thank you.
 Operator : Thank you. Our final question comes from Michael Millman of Soleil Securities. Your line is open sir.
 Michael Millman - Soleil Securities : I have a couple questions as well. Could you tell us what the ADR increase in Europe and sort of related to that, how much growth comes from adding new hotels versus getting more concentration in the bulk of the hotels you do business with?
 Jeff Boyd : We don’t break out the ADR’s for our markets. I mention that we continue to sign up hotels, and we’re over 30,000 now. And we certainly believe that’s helpful to our conversion, and making both the active hotels inventory and bookings hotel inventory together, available together, to all of our customers, has helped our conversion in the latter half of last year and certainly continues to help us now.
 Michael Millman - Soleil Securities : Well, in that connection, can you give us some idea, or quantify the conversion rates and/or the repeat rates?
 Jeff Boyd : Again, we think that information is sensitive competitively and don’t break it out.
 Michael Millman - Soleil Securities : OK, and in regards to talking about the comment on Expedia, do you see, and your comment on Orion Air, do you see their deal with Orion Air helping them get into some of those markets at which you presently are playing?
 Jeff Boyd : I think Expedia and Hotels.com have a big enough footprint and enough demand to basically contract for inventory and availability without doing the deal with Orion Air. I think where Orion Air will probably help them is in their most dense destinations, and I’m not sure whether that foots with secondary or tertiary markets or not. I suspect they’re really flying to the primary leisure destinations in Europe.
 Michael Millman - Soleil Securities : And I think you said that in ’08 you expect against the European earnings, to significantly outpace the domestic, I guess similar to ’06, but not like ’07. Is there something in particular that you should emphasize is happening in ’07 and domestic to make it, presumably its profit move ahead kind of on a one year basis?
 Jeff Boyd : I wouldn’t characterize what’s going on in the United States as something that’s on a one year basis. I think Bob’s comment on the tax rate is more driven by the very significant disparity in gross booking growth rates that you’re seeing between Europe and the Unites States.
 Michael Millman - Soleil Securities : But more so in ’08 than in ’07? But when do you expect the bookings growth rate to be slowing in Europe?
 Jeff Boyd : Again, the bookings growth rate is also slowed in the United States and you can see that in the first quarter results.
 Michael Millman - Soleil Securities : And finally, can you give us an idea or at least ranking of the revenue profitability in the US between the merchant hotels and the merchant cars?
 Bob Mylod : We don’t break out profitability by segment, but I think we’ve certainly said on several previous earnings calls that the various significant majority of our gross profit dollars and profit in the US is driven by products not related to our airline ticket service.
 Michael Millman - Soleil Securities : Can you break out between hotel and cars? The percentage?
 Bob Mylod : Well, obviously we break out unit sales. When you look at rental car days, that’s basically 100% of those rental car days are generated within the US. That’s the most we can give you Mike.
 Michael Millman - Soleil Securities : OK. Thank you.
 Jeff Boyd : I think the operator said that was the last question. Thank you all very much for participating in our call.
 Operator : Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our program. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day. You may all disconnect at this time.
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :

===== 2006 Q4  (2007-02-12 16:30:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Jeff Boyd - President and CEO   Bob Mylod - CFO 
Analysts: Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs   Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray   Michael Millman - Soleil Securities   Justin Post - Merrill Lynch 
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to Priceline’s Fourth Quarter 2006 Conference Call. Priceline would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical facts are intended to identify forward-looking statements.  For a list of factors that could cause Priceline's actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of Priceline’s earnings press release, as well as Priceline’s most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, Priceline undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Priceline’s earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the Investor Relations section of Priceline's website located at www.priceline.com.  And now I would like to introduce Priceline's speakers for this afternoon, Jeff Boyd and Bob Mylod. Go ahead, gentlemen. 
Jeff Boyd: Thank you very much. This is Jeff Boyd. Welcome to Priceline’s fourth quarter conference call. I am here with Priceline's CFO, Bob Mylod. Priceline reported solid gross bookings growth in both our domestic and European operations for the fourth quarter. Gross bookings of $742 million were up 38% year-over-year. Pro forma gross profit of $100 million was up 53%, and pro forma net income was $22 million, or $0.58 per share.  Fourth quarter results surpassed the high-end of our guidance, due to better than forecast results in Europe and in the U.S. and exceeded First Call consensus estimates of $0.41 per share. For the full year, Priceline reported gross bookings of $3.3 billion, up 49% versus 2005, and pro forma net income of $2.03 per share, a 48% increase over last year.  Priceline Europe had an excellent quarter with $319 million of gross bookings and a growth rate of 101%, still significantly in excess of that reported by our competitors. As expected, the growth rate decreased from 121% in Q3, but not as much as we guided to, as November and December bookings growth rates exceeded our expectations. Note that the organic growth rate in Europe is as reported, since we have lapped the acquisition of Bookings in July 2005.  Priceline's domestic growth rate was 12% in the fourth quarter, a slight decrease from 13% in Q3. Merchant gross bookings were up 18% in the fourth quarter, an improvement from 13% growth in Q3. Again, we are discontinuing the organic reporting here, since the adjustment to exclude the retail hotel business on Orbitz only represents a few points of the total domestic business.  Improving merchant results were attributable to strong growth in retail, hotel merchant room night sales despite the negative impact of losing most of the Orbitz's retail hotel business, and growth in unit sales of opaque services.  I mentioned in our last two calls that we intended to focus on the second half on improving domestic operating margins. I am pleased to report that, while our bottom line earnings growth earlier this year has been principally driven by our European results, fourth quarter earnings growth was driven by a more balanced contribution of earnings growth from both sides of the Atlantic.  Our business in Europe continues to show high growth rates in the large continental markets, which are accounting for a growing portion of the total sales. We also continue to see benefits from integration activities, including combining the hotel inventory of Bookings and Active, and creating European demand for U.S. hotels and U.S. demand for European inventory.  Priceline Europe is also benefiting from growing repeat business to Booking.com and other booking branded sites, where we continue to focus our online brand building. We are also bringing our supplier friendly model to more destinations and hotels with the network now including over 25,000 hotels.  Priceline's domestic business had another good quarter. In addition to the solid growth in retail merchant hotels, our opaque air, hotel, and rental car services all experienced improving growth rates, which led to the accelerating growth reported in our merchant bookings. Our opaque services showed improving results as our supplier partners continued to use our product to exploit revenue management opportunities and protect hard earned yield improvements.  In terms of total gross bookings, Priceline is the fourth largest of the major U.S. based online travel agencies. However, consider that in 2006; first, total annual gross bookings growth of 49% led this market. Second, global sales of 18.7 million hotel room nights put Priceline second only to Expedia in what we believe is by far the most attractive segment of the online travel market. And finally, we believe online hotel sales in Europe of 10.9 million room night leads the market.  While Bob will give the detailed guidance, I wanted to make a few comments about the outlook for 2007. In Europe, our goal is to be the leading online hotel reservation service. We are building our flagship European brand, Booking.com on a foundation of outstanding inventory, true pan-European demand and a differentiated business model that we believe is better for both customers and suppliers. Specific initiatives intended to maintain momentum include geographic expansion, integration opportunities in Europe and with the U.S., and building the Booking.com brand to enhance repeat business.  In the United States, our objective is to be the leading online destination for value conscious leisure travelers. While U.S. growth rates for OTAs have slowed somewhat and the competition from suppliers, meta-search and others to capture sales of plain-vanilla airline tickets has intensified and the compensation for doing so has diminished. To be sure, weakness in retail airline ticket sales will likely impact our domestic gross bookings in 2007. And as we have said before, the termination of both our opaque and Travelweb relationships with Orbitz will have a meaningful downward effect on year-over-year gross bookings comparisons.  Despite these headwinds, our forward guidance implies solid domestic earnings growth. We are not nearly as reliant on retail airline ticket sales as the larger OTAs. Priceline's retail services are not an end onto themselves. Rather, Priceline's full service travel offerings add choice and context to our deeply discounted opaque services creating a unique customer experience and we believe the best travel value available. The growth in higher margin merchant products represents a favorable shift in mix, which grows gross profit dollars and earnings.  We also believe our decision to see greater efficiencies in our online marketing spend has been and will continue to be incrementally contributory to our earnings and margins. While this will probably come at the cost of some gross bookings in 2007, we think it is a trade-off well worth making; especially, given the fact that we still expect to have market leading growth rates and gross bookings on a worldwide basis.  Ultimately, we believe our distinctive product line and brand complemented by a fresh new ad campaign, The Negotiator, starring William Shatner, are very unique assets and we intend to leverage those assets more fully in 2007 and beyond.  With the differentiated suite of services in the U.S. and Europe, we're entering 2007 with solid momentum in our core businesses, one of the leanest cost structures in our space and a capable team of highly experienced employees with a strong commitment to achieving our objectives.  I will now turn the call over to Bob for a detailed financial review. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
Bob Mylod: Thanks Jeff. The fourth quarter was one of those rare quarters when almost every facet of our business on both sides of the Atlantic exceeded our financial expectations. This was particularly true during the latter half of the quarter, which in turn gave us good business momentum as we turned toward 2007. These Q4 results plus our early read on current business trends have imbued us with the confidence to increase our 2007 earnings guidance, which I'll review in a few moments.  As Jeff just touched upon, perhaps the most gratifying aspect of Q4 was the strong performance of our domestic business. For those of you who have been following our company for the past year, our story was almost exclusively about the exceptional results coming out of our European operations, all while our domestic business went through a transitional period of merchandising and marketing in a somewhat difficult domestic online travel market.  In Q4, our European operations once again delivered another tremendous quarter of financial performance, which in and of itself would have driven consolidated earnings results well above our range of guidance. However, for the first time all year, our domestic bottom-line results also came in substantially above our forecast and in fact, grew at a faster year-over-year rate in Q4 than our European business.  With that little proviso, let me quickly go through some of the details of the quarter and then get to the guidance. And I'll start with our total gross bookings of $742.4 million, which grew by 30% year-over-year.  As for the components, in our last earnings call, we projected that Priceline Europe would generate $280 million to $300 million of gross bookings in Q4. That guidance was based upon the monthly decelerating growth trend we had observed in October, which we have forecast to continue in November and December. In fact, the November and December annualized growth rates maintained themselves at the October level and as a result, our European annualized organic gross bookings growth rate exceeded 100% for the fourth consecutive quarter and drove gross bookings that came in substantially above our forecast.  As for our domestic business, we were basically able to maintain the double-digit growth rates that we had been able to achieve in Q3. However, we achieved this result with a fairly dramatic and favorable change in our business mix.  As Jeff mentioned, our lower margin retail agency services, particularly our airline ticket service came in below our expectations. On the other hand, each and every one of our higher margin merchant services, which encompass our retail, hotel, and opaque services, came in above forecast. Even our opaque airline ticket service, a part of our business which is consistently shrunk by double-digit percentages since the year 2000, finally grew at a very respectable double-digit growth rate in the quarter.  We believe that these domestic results demonstrated and validated our long-held strategy of diversifying Priceline away from the airline ticket business and not investing too heavily in chasing gross bookings in the commodity end of the market.  As for revenues, the strong gross bookings performance coupled with the favorable mix shift towards our opaque products, whose revenues are reported on a gross basis, led to a 28% revenue growth, substantially in excess of our 15% guidance.  As for gross profit dollars, again gross bookings over performance coupled with favorable mix shift for the higher margin merchant products, including retail merchant hotels, allowed us to deliver pro forma gross profit dollars and growth that also came in substantially ahead of the high-end of our guidance. In fact, our gross profit growth of 53% actually represented a quarterly sequential increase from our Q3 growth of 51%.  As for our Q4 operating expenses, our Q4 advertising expense of $33.8 million was inline with our prior guidance, though with a slightly lower online mix, as we continue to more proactively manage our online spend towards higher ROIs.  Personnel costs, excluding stock-based compensation of $17.9 million, came in above our prior guidance due entirely to higher than forecasted accruals for employee performance bonuses that are accrued throughout the year and paid at yearend based upon full year profit results.  Our Q4, general and administrative results of $9 million also came in above our prior guidance. This was principally driven by litigation expenses related to hotel occupancy taxes and professional fees related to our recapitalization and the secondary offering of the remaining stock held by our former two largest shareholders, Hutchison Whampoa and Cheung Kong during the quarter. All of our other operating expenses came in within or below our prior guidance.  Our pro forma income tax expense actually came in lower than expected despite the strong pre-tax income performance out of European operations. This was due to a cash tax benefit of approximately $580,000 that was recognized in Europe. And we also incurred approximately $900,000 of losses associated with foreign exchange hedging activities due to the increase in the value of the euro and the pound relative to the dollar. The euro and the pound are the two principal foreign currencies with which we transact in Europe. These losses were generally offset by favorable FX earnings translations for our European operations, which flow through each line item of our income statement.  We haven't spoken much about our FX hedging strategy in the past, but our general goal is to hedge a substantial portion of our expected near-term earnings, mainly through the use of fairly plain vanilla forward contracts.  Therefore, while the FX gains achieved by the euro and pound against the dollar during the quarter and the full year 2006 were material, the impact to our 2006 EPS was not material due to our hedging activities. Having said that, our European gross bookings metric was certainly positively impacted by FX in 2006, and we have updated our statistical supplement to also show our European gross bookings growth rates on a local currency basis.  We reported pro forma net income of $0.58 per share, which as Jeff mentioned, represented more than 100% year-over-year growth and handily bested both our guidance and First Call estimates of $0.41 per share. Full year pro forma net income of $2.03 per share grew by 49% year-over-year.  And with the closing of 2006, we have completed a five-year run, during which our pro forma earnings per share have grown at a compounded annual growth rate of 70.5%. We reported GAAP net income of $0.33 per share for the quarter, which also came in substantially above the high end of our prior range of guidance.  GAAP results were primarily negatively impacted by approximately $6.3 million of acquisition related amortization and $4.7 million of stock-based compensation expense, which reflected the impact of the adoption of FAS 123R earlier in the year. All of these expenses were non-cash in nature. GAAP results were also negatively impacted by the inclusion of 2.6 million shares of un-issued common stock primarily associated with the $225 million of convertible notes that were exchanged during the fourth quarter. Those shares reflect the pro rata impact of the 5.76 million shares we've excluded from our pro forma share counts in past quarters prior to the note exchange.  GAAP results also reflected very slight dilution related to our new -- two new convertible notes with stated conversion prices of $40.38 per share, that we are required to use in the calculation of GAAP EPS. As I mentioned in very significant detail on our last earnings call, net of the impact of our convertible note hedge, none of the shares underlying our two new convertible notes begin to become dilutive unless and until our stock reaches a trading price of $50.40 per share, and so they are eliminated from our pro forma share count. The average trading price of our stock during the quarter was $40.46 per share.  As for cash and cash flow, we generated approximately $32 million in operating cash flow during the quarter, thereby bringing our full year operating cash flow to $112 million, which represents a 79% year-over-year increase and a three-year compounded annualized growth rate of 63.3%. We have always strived to present our pro forma net earnings in a manner that most closely reflects the cash earnings of our business, but it is worth noting that our GAAP cash flow from operations minus capital expenditures actually significantly exceeded our pro forma net earnings for the full year 2006.  As for our cash balances, we began the quarter with $359.2 of cash and marketable securities, and we closed the quarter with $434 million of cash and marketable securities, representing an increase in cash of $74.8 million in the quarter, $39 million of which were the proceeds from the green shoe over-allotment from our Q3 convertible note offering, net of issuance costs and the cost of note hedge transactions. Total capital expenditures in the fourth quarter, were approximately $3.2 million.  And now for a few comments on our guidance. We are looking for first quarter gross bookings to grow by approximately 25% to 30% on a year-over-year basis with gross bookings from Priceline Europe growing approximately 75% to 80% on a year-over-year basis. We expect revenue to grow by approximately 15% on a year-over-year basis. We expect pro forma gross profit dollars to grow by approximately 30% to 35% on a year-over-year basis.  As for Q1 operating expenses, we are targeting consolidated advertising expenses of approximately $43.5 million to $46.5 million with approximately 70% to 75% of that amount being spent on online advertising. We expect sales and marketing expense of between $11 million and $12 million. We expect personnel costs excluding stock-based compensation to come in between $17.5 million to $18.5 million. We expect G&A expenses of approximately $8 million to $8.5 million. Information technology costs of approximately $3 million to $3.2 million. And depreciation and amortization expense excluding acquisition amortization of approximately $2.9 million.  We expect a total below the line positive impact of approximately $2.6 million, which comprises net interest income, foreign exchange, equity and income from Priceline Mortgage and minority interest expense. We are targeting pro forma EPS of approximately $0.22 to $0.30 per share and our pro forma EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax of approximately $1 million comprised of alternative minimum tax in the United States and income taxes in Europe. The mid-point of our pro forma EPS range represents a 37% increase versus last year's first quarter. And please keep in mind that Q1 is the quarter in which our income statement bears the seasonal burden of significant current period marketing costs particularly in Europe that generate current period gross bookings, but whose revenues are not recognized until future quarters.  As for expected GAAP results, we expect to report between a GAAP net loss of $0.06 per share and GAAP net income of $0.03 per share. The difference between our GAAP and pro forma results will be driven primarily by the inclusion of acquisition related amortization, stock-based compensation, and certain income tax expenses, all of which are non-cash in nature, as well as the inclusion of approximately 900,000 shares of un-issued common stock associated with our new convertible note offerings that we are required to use in the calculation of GAAP EPS.  As I just mentioned, because of the convertible note hedges that we have in place, these shares do not begin to become dilutive unless and until our stock price reaches a level of $50.47 per share. While we are not going to give detailed line item guidance for full year 2007, we are comfortable giving the following bookings and pro forma EPS guidance.  To summarize where we were before today's call, we have been forecasting full year 2007 pro forma EPS of between $2.37 per share and $2.67 per share. We are now targeting pro forma EPS of approximately $2.60 per share to $2.90 per share. This is based on a pro forma income tax rate that is roughly equivalent to the 2006 rate of approximately 15.5%.  GAAP EPS is expected to be approximately $1.35 to $1.65 per share, primarily as a result of the same non-cash items that will impact Q1. We expect to achieve full year gross bookings of approximately $4.0 billion.  The pro forma EPS guidance for Q1 is based upon an estimated diluted share count of approximately 40.3 million shares, and the pro forma EPS guidance for the full year 2007 is based upon a diluted share count of approximately 40.6 million shares to reflect estimated stock option exercises and the issuance of restricted stock during the year. Those share counts are also based upon the calculation of the dilutive impact of all our outstanding convertible notes and stock options based upon today’s closing stock price of $45.93 per share.  On our last call we spent quite a bit of time talking about the potential dilutive impact that our outstanding convertible notes could have on our pro forma diluted shares outstanding and therefore our pro forma EPS. Given the current trading levels of our stock and the recent issuance of additional convertible notes, more than ever before, our share count will be significantly affected by the trading price of our stock. We certainly do not want to get into the business of projecting our stock price, so instead we wanted to give you some numerical guidepost to use to allow investors to better understand the potential dilutive impact that our convertible notes could have on our share count. Specifically, at a stock price of $40 per share, the share counts that I just quoted for full year 2007 pro forma EPS guidance would be reduced by approximately 700,000 shares and therefore our diluted share count would be approximately 39.9 million shares.  At a stock price of $50 per share, the share counts would be increased by 400,000 shares and therefore our diluted share count would be approximately 41 million shares.  Finally, at a stock price of $60 per share, the share counts would be increased by 2.5 million shares and therefore, our diluted share count would be approximately 43.1 million shares.  Finally, I will point out as I have done on previous calls that all of our forecasts are based upon an assumption that we will continue operating in a consumer travel market that is roughly similar to the current one. Any terrorist event, particularly within the United States or Europe, would in all likelihood would have a negative impact on the travel market in general and our operating results in particular.  And with that we would be happy to answer your questions. 
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our first question or comment comes from Anthony Noto with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open Mr. Noto. 
Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much. Jeff and Bob, I was wondering if you could comment on the opaque air business in the United States. Obviously, the business has seen a resurgence here, and I was wondering, is it related to anything other than just the high retail prices or are you also getting more inventory? I am trying to understand what's driving better conversion. And then are you seeing those trends continue into the first calendar quarter of this year? And do you think they could last for a while or is that a one quarter benefit? Then I have one follow up. Thanks. 
Jeff Boyd: Sure. Anthony, the opaque air business has done well in the last couple of reported quarters. And we mentioned last time and I'll mention here again, that everybody should keep in mind that our comparables from a year ago are not particularly stellar. So, we are now comparing ourselves to the third and fourth quarter of 2005, which were not strong quarters for that business. But nevertheless, the business has seen a resurgence, and it's associated with both higher retail prices as well as good inventory. And the combination of the two, basically, is increasing the amount of savings that we are able to offer consumers. And I think that what's really behind it is that the airlines are taking advantage of the revenue management opportunity that our product affords them. They have seen real progress in getting their yields up and this allows them to supplement their load factors without publishing lower retail prices. So, the product is being used the way it should be, and I think it's obviously good for us, but we think it's good for our suppliers too. And we are expecting the business to continue to perform well in the first quarter. I can't give you a long-term outlook on it because we just don't have that much visibility on broad market travel conditions going later into the year. But the conditions for it now are favorable. 
Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thanks Jeff. And then Bob, I was wondering if you could comment all about the use of your balance sheet further for buybacks from the standpoint that estimates continue to grow pretty meaningfully in your stock price? Obviously, it's showing some reflection of that, but do you think there's an opportunity to be more aggressive with buybacks than you were earlier in the year? Thanks. 
Bob Mylod: It would be hard for us to say that we are going to be more aggressive given that we bought so much of our stock back in that -- in one big chunk when we did our recapitalization and converts. So, other than saying that I don't expect that in 2007 we'd buy as much stock in 2006, I wouldn't want to comment anymore about sort of what our plans are. We have an authorization in place that has a remaining dollar amount of -- I don't know the exact amount, but it's roughly $20 million, $30 million. So, you could at least use that as a guidepost in general in terms of what our availability is; and then in terms of when or if we would be in the market, we generally don't comment on that. 
Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: What's your philosophy on -- at least offsetting the dilution of the convert, if you in fact get your stock price above that level or you won't at least say you'd like to do things that would be eliminate the dilution? 
Jeff Boyd: I mean, it certainly represents an option if we become concerned about the dilution and then I think we'd look at it as a combination of factors of how the business is doing and what the outlook for the business is as well as how that outlook is translating into movement in our share price. 
Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Noto. Our next question or comment comes from Aaron Kessler with Piper Jaffray. You line is open, Mr. Kessler. 
Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray: Hey guys, good quarter first of all. And a couple of questions. First, Bob, can you just give us an update on the -- what the agency revenues were for international, either on a net revenue basis? I think you put it forward in two different ways there, for agency and merchant for international? And then while you are looking for that, if you don't have it, can you give us a sense internationally, if you think it's share gains that's driving the growth or is it a combination of market strength overall? What's your sense for what we're seeing in the international market? Thanks. 
Jeff Boyd: Aaron, let me hit the international question first. I mean, I think that our growth rate continues to be higher than some of the competition. So you could define that as share gains. But I think really what's driving it is not necessarily taking away from the competition as much as there being significant room for growth in what's a very, very large market and a market in which the trends for travel and e-commerce are just very, very favorable. I expect that our competition has very attractive growth rates for their hotel business in Europe as well. So I think there is room for everybody to grow, but I think we're growing a little bit faster because we have got a better model and a better inventory. 
Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray: And you also seem to be deemphasizing the Active brand. Is that correct in going more towards the Booking.com? Is that how you are doing that? 
Jeff Boyd: Yes. Booking.com is our primary brand in Europe now. We are using it in the UK as well as in Continental Europe. And while we will continue to support the Active brand, Active Reservations, and some of the other brands that we own in Europe, our primary marketing thrust will be behind Booking.com. 
Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray: Great. And I don't know if Bob's having those numbers. 
Bob Mylod: Yeah, the revenue and -- the agency revenue in Europe was $47.4 million and as I think you know that's basically pure gross profit, so that would also be the gross profit in Europe. 
Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray: Great. Thanks so much. 
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Kessler. Our next question or comment comes from Michael Millman with Soleil Communities -- I am sorry, Soleil Securities. Your line is open, sir. 
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Thank you, that's Soleil, alright. In terms of Europe, maybe you can pause a little bit give us an idea of how much ADR increases represented the increase in room nights per hotel. And then, we are looking for something on kind of comparable growth in terms of exit hotels in that you had last year versus this year. 
Jeff Boyd: I mean, I've said -- without getting into too much detail, I think I'd feel comfortable saying that our room night growth generally has been higher than growth in number of reservation. So, we have seen some benefit from higher room nights per reservation. I wouldn't want to get into any further detail than that. 
Bob Mylod: The only thing I would add is that ADR has probably had very little impact on room nights. Certainly, it has had an impact on gross bookings, but not on room nights and we don't publish our average ADRs by product. 
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Okay. So can we just assume it would have been something like the 12% -- Western Europe was up about 12%, can we assume that was similar to Continental Europe ADRs? 
Bob Mylod: Again, we do not provide ADR data for any of our products including Europe. So that 12% number is not our number. 
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Okay. And can you talk about now with some of your at least U.S. competitors, but there are also international becoming private. How do you think that could affect the competitive environment? How they might invest in certain areas and what that impact could be on your business? 
Jeff Boyd: I think that these going private transactions could have a couple of impacts, some of that might be beneficial for us. If a primary thrust is to cut costs for some of these to generate sort of immediate increases in annual EBITDA. That could potentially have a positive impact on us; to the extent that these transactions imply consolidation and integration of operations that also could take the focus away from trying to build the business organically and perhaps that could be good for us. On the other hand, private companies may feel more free to invest in marketing and to try to build long-term growth in a business and if that were one of the impacts, potentially that could be a negative for us. 
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Then just a couple of quick bookkeeping, on the tax should we assume that a normal rate in the fourth should have been just 15% pro forma normal rate? 
Bob Mylod: I am not sure I understand the question. You are trying to get to the guidance number for 2007. 
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: No. I was trying to look at the fourth quarter -- I was saying -- 
Bob Mylod: Yeah, as I mentioned in my remarks, our Q4 cash taxes were favorably impacted by a $580,000 benefit. So if you wanted to come with up a "normalized" you would add that and then come up with your tax rate. 
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Okay. And sort of relatedly, there was $100 million gain in cash between the third and fourth quarters, wasn’t quite clear how you got there? 
Bob Mylod: That would have just been a change in the maturities of marketable securities relative to cash equivalents; that will be the first point. And the second point would be, you may have noticed that in our balance sheet, we did have a fairly material restricted cash balance and in the quarter that cash balance went down quite a bit to roughly $2 million in change. And that’s really as a result of the continuing credit improvement in our credit profile, historically, to the extent that we had to issue letters of credit to some of our vendors. We had to back that up by posting cash collateral. And now obviously given the profitability, we are no longer having to do that, and so therefore the restricted cash designation has been eliminated. 
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Millman. Our next question or comment comes from Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. Mr. Post your line is open sir. 
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Can you talk about the kind of deceleration implied in the guidance in the first quarter? Are you seeing anything in January or are you just kind of trying to be conservative like last year? And then Bob, we’ve talked a lot about the inventory benefits in Europe, the two different sides helping each other out and you are kind of coming to the end of that. Does that factor into your guidance at all for next year? 
Bob Mylod: May be I'll take the first one and Jeff could take the second one. The deceleration, if you are asking about Europe, I don't want to comment on sort of the relative conservatism of the number, because anytime you are guiding to 75% to 80% year-over-year growth in any metric, yet alone a metric that's already over $1 billion from the prior year, we view it's big numbers. And so yes, we've said on at least two or three of our last calls that the year-over-year growth rates of triple digit rates in Europe are going to come down. And so that's more representative of just what we view as a mathematical certainty, as their European business gets bigger and bigger, and as we comp against increasingly difficult quarters from the prior year. And then the second thing I would say is, for our domestic business, we mentioned on our last call and Jeff mentioned in his remarks, that we don't have the Orbitz private label business this year as we did last year, and we mentioned that that was going to be a negative impact on our merchant revenues and so our guidance implies that. 
Jeff Boyd: As to the benefits of inventory integration in Europe, we did start to capture some of those benefits in the last half of last year and in the fourth quarter of last year. So, we will get to a point where we are going to anniversary some of those benefits. But I think there is a lot to be gained in the first part of the year and I think that's implicit in the high growth rates we projected for the business for the first quarter. 
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And last question. Anything going on in the marketing efficiency side in Europe, are you seeing better conversion rates? Are you getting more revenues per dollar, sort of spent, anything you can comment there for us? 
Jeff Boyd: I really don't want to get into comments like that because we view them as competitively sensitive. 
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Alright. Thank you. 
Bob Mylod: Operator, any other questions? Is the operator there? 
Jeff Boyd: I think that's it for questions. Thank you all for participating in our call. Thank you very much. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-11-08 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeff Boyd - President and CEO Bob Mylod - CFO
Analysts: Aaron McCann - Goldman Sachs Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Heath Terry - CSFB Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley Justin Post - Merrill Lynch Bridget Wysha - JP Morgan Scott Devitt - Stifel Nicolaus
Operator: Welcome to priceline.com’s Third Quarter 2006 Conference Call. Priceline.com would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For a list of factors that could cause priceline.com’s actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statements at the end of priceline.com’s earnings press release, as well as priceline.com’s most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law, priceline.com undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of priceline.com’s earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the Investor Relations section of priceline.com’s website located at www.priceline.com. And now I would like to introduce the priceline speakers for this afternoon, Jeff Boyd and Bob Mylod. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Jeff Boyd: Thank you very much, and welcome to priceline’s third quarter conference call. I’m here with priceline's CFO, Bob Mylod. Priceline reported solid gross bookings growth in both our domestic and European operations for the third quarter. Gross bookings of $903 million, were up 48% year-over-year. Pro forma gross profit of $122 million was up 51% and pro forma net income was $30 million, or $0.72 per share. Third quarter results surpassed the high end of our updated guidance, due to better than forecast September results and exceeded First Call consensus estimates of $0.67 per share. Third quarter results include results from Bookings B.V. acquired in July of 2005. Priceline's organic gross bookings growth rate, assuming acquired businesses, were owned for the full period in question and excluding the retail hotel business on Orbitz, for the third quarter was 45%, a sequential increase from 43% in the second quarter, marking our fifth consecutive quarter of accelerating organic growth. Priceline Europe had an excellent quarter with $398 million of gross bookings, and an organic growth rate of 121%, accelerating from 117% in the second quarter and significantly in excess of that reported by our competitors. Priceline's domestic organic growth rate was 13% in the third quarter, a slight decrease from 17% in Q2. Merchant gross bookings were up 13% in the third quarter, an improvement from 5% growth in the second quarter. Improving merchant results were attributable to strong growth in retail hotel merchant room night sales, growth in unit sales of opaque services, and higher air fares and room rates. Our business in Europe continues to benefit from positive e-commerce market trends in Europe and success in the faster growing continental markets, which are accounting for a growing portion of total sales. We also continue to see benefits from integration activities, including combining the hotel inventory of Bookings and Active, and creating European demand for US hotels and US demand for European inventory. Priceline Europe is also benefiting from growing repeat business, and business coming to our branded sites, particularly Booking.com and other booking branded sites, where we are focusing our online brand building. Business through these channels represents approximately 75% of total bookings, including approximately 15% of the business received from co-branded affiliates. The remaining business comes through affiliate channels that do not show our brand on their sites. We are also bringing our supplier-friendly model to more destinations and hotels with the network now including over 25,000 hotels. If there is mentioning that with $398 million in European gross bookings this quarter, Priceline Europe has reached the size where it will be difficult to match the high growth rates of the previous three quarters and our forecast accordingly are based on lower targets. Priceline's Domestic business had another good quarter. Our diverse selection of retail and opaque services provides consumer choice for changing travel market conditions, which benefits Priceline's business in the long run. Our opaque services had a good quarter as evidenced by the growth reported in merchant bookings. Our opaque airline ticket service showed growth in the quarter versus the third quarter of 2005, as our airline partners took advantage of revenue management opportunities when advanced booking softened coming into the fall. Although keep in mind second half 2005 provides very soft comparables for this business. We were also pleased with growth in opaque hotel and rental car bookings in the quarter, especially as I have mentioned before, given that our website now gives dramatically more prominence to the retail service compared to last year. Since our last call, there have been some developments on the subject of GDS incentives. Priceline is now booking tickets through both Sabre and Worldspan. Sabre has signed a long-term agreement with American Airlines and now offers its agencies access to content from all US mainline carriers. We also announced a long-term agreement with Northwest Airlines covering both opaque and retail tickets. We've also made good progress in talks with a number of other airline partners to strike the right balance of full content for our customers and low cost for our airline partners, and we'll work to complete those agreements through year-end. As I mentioned on our last call, we have been seeking greater efficiencies in our on line marketing spend, tipping the scales more in favor of return on investment versus volume. We began this process in the third quarter and saw a positive impact as online marketing cost came in at the low end of our forecast range. Looking towards next year, we decided not to renew our online partnership with Orbitz. While Orbitz is a good source of traffic when you factor in the likely dilution, meaning customers that we paid Orbitz a commission for that would have shopped at Priceline anyway. The transaction did not meet our ROI hurdles. While this decision may cost us up to approximately 5% of merchant volume next year taking into account estimated dilution. It frees up substantial dollars for investment in other online channels, and we intend to aggressively seek opportunities providing a better return on our marketing dollar. We are taking other steps to build on our domestic momentum next year. We are working on a number of enhancements to our website and email programs to deliver a more personalized experience to our customers. While we believe providing lower prices than our competition drives significant customer loyalty, these enhancements also provide a platform for value-added promotions and services targeted at our most loyal customers. These initiatives were aimed squarely at customer retention and conversion. As previously reported, we are in the final stages of a thorough review of Priceline's brand position and offline advertising. We met with a number of highly qualified agencies in an effort to refine our distinctive market position and develop an impactful and flexible creative approach, we hope will help expand the market for our services. We are excited with the results and should have news on this front in the coming days. Priceline's objective domestically is to be the leading online destination for value-conscious leisure travelers. We believe our solid domestic growth is helping us consolidate that positioning and we make good progress against our marketing and airline supply objectives during the third quarter. Our objective in Europe is to be the leading online hotel reservation service. We continue to show superior growth and profitability in Europe, and I believe our team in Europe is doing an excellent job integrating the business and building our brands. We are pleased with Priceline's combined financial performance which has made possible an attractive refinancing and share repurchase transaction which Bob will describe in detail together with the financial review Bob.
Bob Mylod: Thanks, Jeff. I am going to start with a brief review of our Q3 results and then, I'll go over the highlights of that recently completed recapitalization and then, finally I'll finish with some forward-looking guidance. Jeff pretty much covered the details of our top-line results, so I won't repeat them here. I did however want to once again highlight that the results from Priceline Europe exceeded the highest end of our expectations. In our last earnings call, we projected that Priceline Europe would generate approximately $360 million to $390 million of gross bookings in Q3. This was based upon an assumption that the Q2 annualized organic growth rate of 117% would represent the peak growth rate for our European business. And that the law of large numbers in the difficult comps would start to work against us, thereby causing this growth rate to decline in Q3. But in fact this didn’t happen, instead Priceline Europe's annualized organic growth rates actually accelerated in the quarter to 121%, which drove total European gross bookings of nearly $400 million for our seasonally strong third quarter. Gross bookings were particularly strong in the month of September, which in turn translated to higher gross profit and earnings than expected. As Jeff also mentioned, the forward guidance that I'll give in a few moments for Priceline Europe assumes that are annualized growth rates will decline starting in Q4 and continue to decline throughout 2007. I have said on past call that this decline is a mathematical certainty given this sheer size of our European operations. Moreover our comparables will get increasingly difficult as the next several quarters unfold, and in fact while we are generally very pleased with our October gross bookings in Europe, as expected they grew at significantly lower annualized rates than in Q3, and we expect that trend to continue for the remaining two months of the quarter. As per gross profit dollars, the strong gross bookings performance allowed us to deliver gross profit dollars that came in substantially ahead of the high-end of our guidance, again the upside was driven primarily by our strong results in Europe. As for our Q3 operating expenses, our Q3 advertising expense of $41.2 million came in towards the lower end of our prior guidance, which was very contributory to our earnings upside, given that the relatively low advertising number obviously did not come at the expense of gross bookings or gross profit dollars. This was particularly the case during the last half of the quarter for our domestic business, whereas Jeff just mentioned, we began to more proactively manage our ad spend to achieve a more optimal balance between gross bookings growth on the one hand and earnings growth on the other. Personnel costs of $18 million came in above our prior guidance, due almost entirely to higher than expected accruals for employee performance bonuses that are accrued throughout the year and paid at year-end based upon full year profit results. Our Q3 general and administrative results of $8.3 million also came in above our prior guidance. This was principally caused by approximately $500,000 of fees and expenses that we incurred for professional services associated with the secondary offering of stock by our two largest shareholders Hutchison Whampoa and Cheung Kong during the quarter. All of our other operating expenses came in within or below our prior guidance. Pro forma income tax expense came in higher than expected due to the strong pre-tax income performance out of our European operations. We reported pro forma net income of $0.72 per share, which as Jeff mentioned, came in above the high-end of our previous range of guidance and was also in excess of First Call consensus estimates of $0.67 per share. We reported GAAP net income of $1.05 per share for the quarter, which also came in substantially above the high-end of our prior range of guidance and, in fact, exceeded our pro forma results. The main contributor to this earnings upside related to an additional reversal of our balance sheet reserve against our deferred tax asset associated with our historical net operating loses. You may recall that in last year's third quarter, we for the first time, reversed a portion of what had been a full reserve against our NOLs, because we'd demonstrated sustained pre-tax income and we had concluded that this income would continue to be sustained in future periods. During the third quarter of this year, we reevaluated the level of the remaining balance sheet reserve to take into account among other things. First, the impact that our third quarter recapitalization is expected to have unprojected domestic operating income. Second, current business prospects; and finally, additional NOLs that we believe we are more likely than not to recognize from state income taxes payable. The net impact of this valuation exercise caused our deferred tax asset to increase by approximately $44 million during the quarter. Out of this amount, approximately $28 million came as a result of balance sheet reserve reversals that flowed through our income statement. The remaining $16 million came as a result of a balance sheet adjustment to our paid-in capital and did not impact earnings. As was the case last year, when we first recognized income associated with our deferred tax assets, we are eliminating this positive impact from our pro forma EPS, because the benefit is non-cash in nature, and will only truly be realized as we generate future taxable income within the United States. On a go forward basis, our GAAP net income will continue to be reduced by income tax expenses that will be booked against this deferred tax asset. Both the increase in GAAP net income this quarter as well as the decrease in GAAP net income in subsequent quarters from income tax expense will be non-cash in nature. Accordingly, as has been the case for many quarters, we intend to continue to report pro forma net income on a cash tax basis, and this event that I've described will have no impact on either our historical or projected pro forma earnings. GAAP results were also positively impacted by two additional tax related items. First, we received a favorable ruling from the IRS on whether or not Federal transportation excise taxes are due and payable on the gross profit that we earn on the sale of merchant airline tickets. Prior to receiving this ruling, we had maintained a balance sheet reserve of approximately $1.6 million for this exposure. Because the IRS ruled in our favor, we reversed the entire amount of the reserve into revenue. However, we remove this item from our pro forma results because of its one-time nature. Second, we received approximately $1.7 million of state franchise tax credits in the quarter, and again we removed this item from our pro forma results because of its one-time nature. GAAP results were negatively impacted primarily by approximately $6 million of acquisition-related amortization expenses, primarily associated with our acquisitions of Travelweb, Active Hotels and Booking, B.V. $3.5 million of stock-based compensation expense, which reflected the impact of the adoption of FAS 123R earlier in the year, and $1.1 million impairment charge that we recognized on the carrying value of our investment in priceline mortgage, all of these expenses were non-cash in nature. GAAP results were also negatively impacted by the inclusion of 5.76 million shares of un-issued common stock associated with our two convertible note offerings that we will require to use in the calculation of GAAP EPS. These shares were not issuable, unless our stock were to reach a level of approximately $40 per share. The average trading price of our stock during the quarter was $30.62 per share. As for cash and cash flow, we generated approximately $35 million in operating cash flow during the quarter thereby bringing our operating cash flow for the first nine months of 2006 to approximately $80.3 million, which represents a 63% year-over-year increase. Total capital expenditures in the third quarter were approximately $3.3 million. Also during the quarter, we expended approximately $18 million of cash to purchase a portion of the minority interest in Priceline Europe from the minority shareholders of Priceline Europe. As of the end of the quarter Priceline owns approximately 94% of Priceline Europe. And that brings me to a discussion of our Q3 recapitalization activities. There were quite a number of transactions in the quarter that impacted both our debt and equity capital structures. I am going to discuss them in the order in which they took place. First in the beginning of September, our two largest shareholders Hutchison Whampoa and Cheung Kong Limited sold approximately 9 million shares of our common stock pursuant to a secondary common stock offering. As a result of the transaction, Hutchison Whampoa and Cheung Kong's combined ownership in Priceline dropped from approximately 33% to approximately 10%. We believe that the sale of the Hutchison-Cheung Kong stake will help to alleviate some of the perceived overhang associated with such a concentrated position by one shareholder. It also increased the public float in our common stock which hopefully overtime will lessen the volatility in the trading of our common stock. In mid September, we launched and then later completed a private placement of $345 million of convertible notes. We decided to pursue this form of financing to take advantage of what we believed were very attractive terms available in the convertible debt markets. Half of the notes or $172.5 million have a 50 basis point annual interest rate and a five-year maturity. The remaining half, have a 75 basis point annual interest rate and a seven-year maturity. All of the notes have a stated conversion price of $40.38 per share and call for cash settlement of the principal amount and settlement in shares of Priceline common stock for the conversion value above the principal amount if any. Simultaneously, with the closing of the note offering, we entered into a hedging transaction pursuant to which we effectively increased the conversion price of the new notes to $50.47 per share. The purchase price for the convertible note hedge was approximately $37.4 million. Also simultaneously with the closing of the note offering, we purchased approximately $130 million of our common stock pursuant to our stock buyback program. And then finally, we paid approximately $9.3 million of fees and expenses associated with the note offering. Then in early October, we launched an offer to exchange 100% of our outstanding 1% and 2.25% convertible notes with a total principal amount of $225 million. For new notes that have substantially identical terms as the outstanding notes, other than conversion features that call for cash settlement of the principal amount and settlement in shares of priceline.com common stock for the conversion value above the principal amount, if any. The exchange offer expired last Monday night, and I am pleased to report that 100% of the note holders elected to exchange their old notes for the new notes. So to summarize, sources and uses of cash, we had $345 million of cash inflow from the new note offering. We had $37 million of cash outflow from the purchase of the convertible note hedge, $130 million of cash outflow from the stock repurchase and $9 million of cash outflow from fees and expenses. Because the exchange offering resulted in a liked for like exchange, there was no cash expended in that transaction other than a $350,000 exchange fee that we paid to the note holders in order to induce them to exchange. Thus we had net inflows of cash of approximately $169 million as a result of our recapitalization activities, thereby bringing our current cash balances to approximately $400 million. Our total gross debt outstanding is now $570 million and therefore our net debt; i.e., our gross debt minus our cash balances is approximately $170 million. Now that's a fairly clinical summary of what we did, and I would like to now highlight two critical goals that we think the recapitalization allowed us to achieve. The first has to do with increasing our financial flexibility. Prior to the recapitalization, our cash balances were roughly equal to our debt balance yet the maturities of our debt was starting to loom on the horizon specifically our $125 million of 1% convertible notes become due in the summer of 2008 and our $100 million of 2.25 convertible notes become due in January of 2010. By completing the new note offerings we were essentially able to extend out the average maturity dates of our convertible notes and increase our cash balances such that we still expect to have very significant cash balances even after we repay the $225 million of convertible notes that mature over the next three years. The second goal pertains to limiting shareholder dilution. Prior to the recap our outstanding convertible notes had approximately 5.8 million underlying shares that were to become issuable in the event that our stock traded to levels of approximately $40 per share. For years, our stock had traded very significantly below the $40 per share level and, therefore, we excluded these shares in our calculation of pro forma EPS. However, with our stock trading up substantially in recent months, the likelihood of those 5.8 million shares becoming issuable had greatly increased. By completing the exchange offer, we effectively eliminated 5.8 million share overhang that was to occur at a stock price of $40 per share. On the new issue of notes, we further limited shareholder dilution by purchasing the convertible note hedge such that our shareholders will experience no economic dilution whatsoever with respect to the $345 million of newly issued notes, unless and until our stock trades at prices above $50 per share. And then finally, our $130 million stock repurchase in the quarter had the effect of reducing our outstanding share count by almost 4 million shares, or roughly 10% of our shares outstanding. I think it demonstrates our confidence in the long-term prospects of our business, and it also helped to eliminate potential short selling of our stock in the open market by the buyers of our convertible note offering. I hope you agree that all this activity very much resulted in the achievement of our goal to limit shareholder dilution. And as you might imagine, it is expected to have a significantly positive impact on our projected earnings per share, which now leads me to a few comments on guidance. As you may recall, prior to the launch of our recapitalization in September, we provided preliminary EPS guidance for both Q4 of this year, as well as for full year 2007. That guidance did not take into account the prospective impact from the all the recapitalization activity that I just described. While the operating assumptions associated with our prior guidance are for the most part fundamentally unchanged, we are now updating the guidance to reflect the impact of the recapitalization activities, as well as to provide more granular detail for our projected Q4 results. We are looking for fourth quarter gross bookings to grow by approximately 30% on a year-over-year basis. We expect Q4 gross booking from Priceline Europe of approximately $280 to $300 million, which represents 77% to 89% year-over-year growth, and is very much reflective of our earlier comments regarding an expected quarterly sequential decrease in the annualized growth rate of Priceline Europe. We expect revenue to grow by approximately 15% on a year-over-year basis. We expect pro forma gross profit dollars to grow by approximately 35% to 40% on a year-over-year basis. As for Q4 operating expenses, we are targeting consolidated advertising expenses of approximately $33 to $36 million, with approximately 85% of that amount being spent on online advertising. We expect sales and marketing expenses of between $10 and $11 million. We expect personnel cost to come in between $16 and $17 million. We expect G&A expenses of approximately $7.2 to $7.7 million. Information technology costs of approximately $2.6 to $2.8 million; and depreciation and amortization expense, excluding acquisition-related amortization, of approximately $2.7 million. We are targeting pro forma EPS of approximately $0.36 to $0.42 per share and our pro forma EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax of approximately $2.8 million comprised of alternative minimum tax in the United States and income taxes in Europe. As for expected GAAP results, we expect to report GAAP net income of approximately $0.13 to $0.19 per share. The difference between our GAAP and pro forma results will be driven primarily by the inclusion of acquisition-related amortizations, stock-based compensation and certain income tax expenses, all of which are non-cash in nature. While we are not going to give detailed line item guidance for 2007; again, we are updating our 2007 pro forma EPS forecast, primarily to take in to account the impact of the recapitalization activities. To summarize where we were before today's update, we have been forecasting full-year 2007 pro forma EPS of between $2.15 and $2.40 per share. We are now targeting pro forma EPS of approximately $2.37 to $2.67 per share. GAAP EPS is expected to be approximately $1.24 to $1.54 per share, primarily as a result of the same non-cash items that will impact Q4. It is important to note that the EPS guidance that I just gave for 2007 is based upon our current diluted share account of approximately 39 million shares, that share account is in turn based upon a calculation of the dilutive impact, if any, of all of our outstanding convertible notes and stock options based upon yesterday's closing stock price of approximately $40 per share. Because all the conversion prices of our convertible notes are roughly the same price as the current trading price of our stock, our convertible notes currently have very little dilutive impact on share count and EPS. However, in the future, if in the future our stock trades above the current share price, our diluted share count will increase by the net number of shares that would become issuable to our convertible note holders. To try to put some numbers against these words. If our stock would trade up to $50 per share, being the money value assignable to our convertible notes would under the treasury stock method result in a 2.8 million share increase to the current diluted share count of approximately 39 million shares. Now, I just mentioned earlier that we purchased a convertible note hedge to protect ourselves from some of the potential dilution associated with our new issue of convertible notes. However under GAAP, the impact of the convertible note hedge is not recognizable until the maturity dates of the convertible notes. Said differently under GAAP, there is a temporary timing difference between the immediate inclusion of additional common shares underlying our convertible notes on the one hand and the deferred reduction of shares associated with our convertible note hedge on the other. When factoring this bond hedge into the $50 stock price example that I just went over, the 2.8 million share increase in diluted shares outstanding will ultimately be offset by a 1.6 million share reduction in diluted shares from our bond hedge. While some of the math here is somewhat complicated, the basic point I am trying to convey is that because of the large increase in our convertible notes outstanding, our future EPS will be more affected by the trading price of our common stock than it has in the past. And then finally, I want to point out as I have done on previous calls, that all of our aforementioned forecast are based upon an assumption that we will continue operating in a consumer travel market that is roughly similar to the current one and any geopolitical instability or terrorist event particularly within the United States or Europe, would in all likelihood have a negative impact on the travel market in general and our operating results in particular. And with that we would be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Anthony Noto of Goldman Sachs. Sir, your line is open.
Aaron McCann - Goldman Sachs: Sorry. Thank you very much. This is Aaron McCann for Anthony Noto. I am wondering if you could give us your perspective on penetration of the European market from on hotel bookings and what year would that be similar to in the US, if we were to try to make it an analogy. And then secondarily, how do you think about the next opportunity to expand internationally and which markets are potentially appealing, for example, South America versus China versus other possible opportunities? Thank you.
Jeff Boyd: I think for purposes of the first question, I don't have exact statistics at the tip of my fingers but online hotel penetration in Europe is significantly behind what we have experienced here in the United States. We've said very roughly speaking on average, its three years or potentially even more behind and I think the level of penetration is very different depending on what country you are talking about, in a more matured market like the UK; the penetration of online hotel sales would be higher and as you move through Western Europe towards Eastern Europe, I think it gets lower and lower, there is some published data out released by Focus right recently, which I could get for if you wanted to look at their estimates on it. In terms of the next markets, we've identified Eastern Europe and Southern Europe as the most immediate opportunities at this point in time. We have a joint venture in Hong Kong as many of you know that it represents an opportunity to participate in a very small way in that market at this point in time, but we are certainly over a longer period of time interested in China in particular, and I think the great thing about the model in Europe is it can't be expanded to other geographies even if the market opportunities are little bit smaller can still be expanded efficiently by opening up an office and building some supply and opening up a website in a local language.
Aaron McCann - Goldman Sachs: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Aaron Kessler of Piper Jaffray.
Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray: Hi guys, thanks, good quarter and couple of questions. First, can you give us an update on what you see in terms of the competition if you believe you are still taking share on Europe in the quarter? Also I think over the last maybe two to three quarters you've been talking about expansion into Eastern Europe, and what have we seen sort of plan point terms of the expansion or is that really more of anstory? Then finally, on the convertible with -- share reduction with bond hedge, does that affect pro forma shares as well the GAAP shares in a similar manner? Thanks.
Jeff Boyd: I'll take the first two and then, Bob can address the last. With respect to share in Europe based on the results that have been released by Sabre Group so far it seems clear that for online hotel sales we've taken very significant share at least from lastminute.com and the most recent quarter, and based on the numbers that historically have been reported by the others. It's hard for me to believe that their growth rates in the third quarter will be anywhere near what our growth rate was in Europe; so I think we are still taking significant share in online hotel sales from the other large online travel agents. With respect to Eastern Europe, we have inventory and a distribution in a number of the Eastern European countries today, but the size of the business is not large compared to the size of our business in Western Europe. So, while we are operating there now, it represents in terms of a growth opportunity, more of an opportunity in the future than a huge contributor to what we are reporting now.
Bob Mylod: And then, Aaron, I think our plan with respect to share count is to essentially treat the bond hedge under the GAAP method, but to make sure that we highlight to investors very clearly what the reduction would be. So, for pro forma purposes, we don’t necessarily intend to back that out, but we certainly, given that from an economic perspective, those shares are not expected to ever be issued. We will certainly make sure that we highlight that and we will leave it up to the investment community to make their own decision about that.
Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray: And finally one quick question. Any update on the estimate of what international Europe will account for percentage of profits in 2007? I think you said at least two-thirds in the second half of this year. Any outlook what '07 may look like?
Bob Mylod: Not right now. Obviously, we gave that number for 2006. We are trying to just limit our guidance for 2007 for now to EPS, but I think as we get closer to the end of this year and into next year, we will start giving more guidance on those lines. But obviously, given that Europe continues to grow at very rapid rates, we certainly expect that they are continue to represent an increasing percentage of profits.
Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray: Great, Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney of Citigroup.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: Great, thank you. Congrats Bob. I am going over the recapitalization, that clinical survey actually was extremely helpful, lot of detail there. Couple of real quick questions. Your advertising mix is clearly veer towards online advertising. It sounds like your -- as part of a branding or rethinking of branding or looking at new initiatives is, would one of those be rethinking the marketing mix and possibly shifting some of that back to offline? Secondly, what are the current NOLs? And third, for your EPS guidance for next year, what tax rate is assumed for that? Thank you.
Bob Mylod: I am sorry. Just on the -- can you repeat the last part of that question, Mark, I didn't --
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: For your EPS guidance for next year, what tax rate is assumed? Thank you.
Bob Mylod: Okay.
Jeff Boyd: On the marketing questions, Mark, I think that we have seen a very significant shift of our spend towards online, and that’s been related to two very specific things. The first is the rapid growth of our business in Europe that advertises primarily through online channels; and the second is, increasing online spend here in the United States. And I think what we have said in the last call and in this call is that we are focused much more on getting efficiencies out of our online spend. I don't think that means necessarily that we are going to take significant amounts of money from online channels and move them to offline channels, but we are going to be much more opportunistic as to our online spend and I think we will continue to look for ways to do more than just pure customer acquisition through online channels, but rather customer acquisition, a very efficient branding which has been successful for us in Europe as we are getting a larger percentage of our business through repeat users now, but that’s basically because we have started to get some success in building our brands through our online advertising there.
Bob Mylod: And as for your question about deferred taxes, Mark, I think you know that for cash tax purposes, the very substantial majority of the income tax that you see relates to income taxes that we are paying in Europe. The NOL deferred tax asset does not shield us from taxable income in Europe. In the United States, it does and we have a very large NOL. It's many hundreds of million of dollars that we have available to us to use, although it is somewhat limited by an annual use of approximately little north of $60 million for US domestic purposes. As I think you probably also can surmise, we are earnings far less than that domestically. So we do not have on our balance sheet the full amount of that tax asset, given we are not currently earning anywhere close to that rate. So, part of the exercise that we go through annually is to look at our deferred tax asset relative to our earnings power and make sure that that differed tax asset fairly represents what we think we are going to earn in the US. We think we are more likely that not to earn in the US. As for tax rates for next year, again, a lot of that’s going to come down to what the mix of business is from Europe versus the US, and we are not in a position yet to give, sort of, specific geographic guidance on that number.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heath Terry of CSFB
Heath Terry - CSFB: Great, thank you. I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit, as you look to optimize your return on investment on your -- the advertising side of things, can you talk about the channels that are becoming most effective for you? Obviously, online is the biggest one, given that’s where you are spending. But as a specific verticals within online, whether its search or portals or certain other types of sites that you find to be more effective or have a better ROI for you?
Jeff Boyd: Yeah, I think we certainly, like everybody in this space are significant players in search and a very significant piece of the optimization activity there really has more to do with what we do with the quick ones we get it, then with the search terms that you buy because they are essentially public and everybody is buying the same term. So, we are spending a lot of time trying to improve our conversion. There are also a lot of non-search channels that we are in and are interested in. I don’t want to go through a detailed listing of them because I think there's some competitive sensitivity to that information, but we are certainly opportunistically looking for other channels, and we are very active in the ones that everybody is aware of, an example being TripAdvisor and sites like that.
Heath Terry - CSFB: Great, and, so within search even though at least anecdotally keyword pricing is going higher, it's what you are doing on your end, want to get one of those clicks, it's actually delivering a higher return high on investment there?
Jeff Boyd: I don’t want to make a comment about where keyword pricing is going, but there is no question we have been spending a lot of time this year and we will continue on trying to build content and do things that improve our conversion once we get the customer over to our sites.
Heath Terry - CSFB: Great, thanks. And then, from a competitive standpoint, how would you characterize the differences, the competitive differences between the European and US markets, and do you see Europe eventually evolving more towards what we see in the US now or is that just going to be a different market for the foreseeable market?
Jeff Boyd: I think specifically with respect to hotels, there is a significant difference in the competitive landscape for a couple reasons. One is that the supply environment is very complex and it's dominated much more so by small independent hotels who are not going to have as much money to invest in their own direct online distribution. So, the suppliers are not going to be so directly in competition with the online travel agents in Europe as the major hotel chains are here in the United States. I think the second difference is that our product and our business in Europe is uniquely positioned to really provide help to hotel companies that can't really reach the demand. The hotel company here in the United States can get business from anywhere in the United States simply by buying an advertisement in Google. In Europe, you have to be in a position to not only understand what to buy in 15 or 20 different foreign languages, but translate your content into those different languages and have the bandwidth and the expertise to optimize your advertising and your offering in all of those different countries to get the same kind of impact and customer flows and efficiencies that we can deliver to you for a very, very reasonable commission while allowing you to maintain your pricing and keep control over your business. So, I think the service that we provide to the hotels is just much more valuable in Europe than it may be perceived to be just to the major chains here.
Heath Terry - CSFB: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Gutek of Morgan Stanley.
Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley: Thanks. I have got a couple of quick questions. Bob, recognizing you've given a very detailed guidance for Q4, I am just kind of curious to drill a bit deeper, specifically the results you've seen already in October, and the advanced bookings you've seen for holiday period. Is that consistence with kind of the midpoint of the guidance range for Q4 or conversely, do you assume some deceleration, and if that deceleration doesn't happen, are you likely to again beat your guidance.
Bob Mylod: I don’t want to answer that -- I don’t want to answer the first question Chris about where we think we can come out within our range. What I can say is that seasonally -- from a seasonal perspective, October is the strongest month of the quarter and November is less strong than October, and December is less strong than November from a bookings perspective. So, said differently with October done, a higher percentage of the quarter is of what we expect the total quarter to be is booked, so I guess you could argue that we have slightly more visibility in the whole for the quarter. But that’s -- I sort of leave it at that.
Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley: Okay, fair enough. And maybe switching gears, the press release mentions, as for the US merchant business, the gross bookings organically were up about 13% in the quarter and then, the sentence in the release goes on to say, that talks about strong results in opaque versus the retail merchant, but doesn’t quantify. Could you give us a little bit of sense in terms what the US merchant opaque business is doing versus the retail price disclosed business?
Jeff Boyd: Let me try to answer that, I think if you looked at the things that contributed to the growth, sort of by product, by priority, I think the biggest contributor was the merchant retail hotel business, and I think after that I would put hotel and rental car in terms of top-line growth and then after that, I would put opaque air.
Bob Mylod: Yes as per retail, Chris, retail hotel and retail rental car have also been -- have been behaving very strongly. So, to the extent we had any weakness of any individual product would have been in retail airline tickets, but we obviously think there was probably somewhat of the mix shift there, as we have the value-conscious consumers in the face of some higher airline ticket prices that did come back and name their price. So it is -- that business is very, very small now, relative to what it used to be. But as Jeff mentioned, it did grow on a year-over-year basis in the quarter, which we were very cautiously optimistic and happy about.
Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. And then finally, the tightness of inventory issue. I would assume in the summer, this past summer, you did see tightness of the inventory more so domestically versus Europe. If you could comment about that, domestic versus Europe? And then as we go into the fall and winter, and as you look forward to next year; how are you thinking about the differences and tightness of inventory, US versus Europe?
Jeff Boyd: When you hear us talking about tightness of inventory in the United States, a lot of times we will be talking about airline load factors, which were very, very high in the summer and had an impact on our opaque business and I think had an impact on packages, bookings across the industry. In terms of hotels, our experience here in the US has been that high occupancy has driven higher prices, but our inventory position has generally remained pretty strong here in United States and we haven't identified on this call or any previous call an inability to find rooms for people in our hotel business domestically. I think that we expect there to be high occupancy rates here next year, and I think the hotel business is expected to be strong in Europe too. I think that we are very well positioned however, to continue to get good inventory from our hotel partners, because we provide the most supplier friendly alternative to them among the distribution options that are available. We are much lower cost in Europe and consolidators, we have much lower cost to the hotels than the other online travel agents, and so even in a constrained environment I think we stand a good chance of having good availability.
Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Post of Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Hi. First going back to the US growth rate. We have got you better than the competition and better than the industry this quarter. Do you think your air percentage, which seems to be a trouble area for some of your competitors, is actually lower than some of your competitors as far as percentage of revenue or percentage of profitability? And then going over to Europe, have you seen any new competitors trying to duplicate your model as far as the low price provider for the hotels at this point?
Jeff Boyd: On the air question, as we believe and I think it's not debatable, but as a percentage of our total business, our airline ticket business is way smaller for priceline than for our competition. The amount of exposure that our income statement has to the air business is smaller than our competition. But I'll just add to that, it's my belief that the competitions airline ticket business over the last couple of quarters have all grown more rapidly than ours have, and I think that that’s part and parcel of the way we manage our business and how much money we spend on advertising air. But I think that’s probably true. And I am sorry your second question?
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Yes, Jeff, in Europe have you seen any competition offering rates in like the 12% to 14% rate as far as the charge the hotels have, any new competition in Europe?
Jeff Boyd: I am not aware of any new competition. There is certainly a lot of businesses in Europe that have been operating for several years that have an agency model and have competitive commission structures. They have been there and they are still there. They tend to be strong in particular countries versus having a Europe wide business, but they have been there. I haven’t seen any evidence of major US online travel agent affiliates doing that.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Okay, and then last two. The tax spending, I don’t know it's round about $10 million this year. Any new tech projects around the corner for the next couple of years? Any new areas you need to invest in? And then, any quantifications of the cross border impact on revenues over the last couple of quarters?
Jeff Boyd: Yes, I would say, Justin, our quarterly tax spend, it's been fairly stable and static for a number of quarters. Now having said that, with the growth that we are experiencing, especially in Europe, we are buying equipment and adding more licenses. So I think it's certainly reasonable as you are looking to next year to expect that that number will go up, but I wouldn't -- I certainly wouldn't articulate that we are looking at any sort of dramatic step function increase. I think that we are trying to manage the business very carefully from the expense perspective and get the leverage of that. That's one of the line where we are looking for, a lot of leverage, I think, we've gotten that historically and it's our expectation we will continue to get that on a go forward basis. And same goes true for capital expenditure, I think one of the things we are most proud about both here in the US and in Europe is that even though our business is very, very substantially bigger today than it was three years ago. If you go and look at our cash flow statement, you can see that we've managed our capital expenditures very, very carefully and very, very efficiently, and I think that's a real testament to our technologists, both here and in Europe and we think that’s one of our core strengths and that's something that we hope to continue to leverage next year as well.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then cross-broader has that helped your US sales growth rate materially at all over the last couple of quarters?
Bob Mylod: You know, that cross-broader business is primarily booked in Europe, because it represents whether it's a US hotel or a European hotel, it's booked in the European system and in the European environment. So, that's primarily located on their gross bookings.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you, Jeff.
Operator: Our next question comes from Imran Khan of JP Morgan.
Bridget Wysha - JP Morgan: Hello. This is actually [Bridget Wysha] calling in for Imran. Two quick questions; one, has there been any shift in strategy for offline advertising, either the TV campaign is going to continue? And then the second question is there any update in the GDS negotiations?
Jeff Boyd: Sure. In terms of strategy shift in online, as I'd mentioned in my prepared remarks -- sorry, excuse me, offline, and as I have mentioned in my prepared remarks, we have been through a process of interviewing agencies and looking at different approaches for our account. And that process is going well. We had a number of highly qualified agencies come see us and we have seen some exciting ideas, and where we haven’t finalized our decision on that front. But as I'd mentioned in earlier, we will have something to say about that over the coming days, and we are excited about what we intend to do. I wouldn’t anticipate any huge shift in our approach to using television. We'll continue to be advertising on television, and I think you can expect us to continue to try to push and capitalize on what makes us different from the other online travel agencies, which is our great savings and value positioning. In terms of GDS update, we -- as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we've got deals with Sabre now, G2, we are continuing to work with Worldspan. So, we have got alternatives that will allow us to book in the channels that our airlines partners prefer and where we can find the best economics. And we are continuing to work with the airlines to enter into long-term agreements that provide us access to their full content and meet their cost reduction needs. And I mentioned the deal that we recently announced with Northwest Airlines that brings them back into retail after being out for several years as well as into our opaque product.
Bridget Wysha - JP Morgan: Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from Scott Devitt of Legg Mason.
Scott Devitt - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks. It's actually Stifel Nicolaus. Hey guys. I had two questions. The first is a follow-on to an earlier question; regarding the strengths in the merchant business in the US which is a positive surprise given how strong the travel market is. So, I was wondering if you could talk about any incremental supply that you've received in that area or possibly changes in conversion rates in the hotel business on a year-over-year basis, and possibly how contributory Orbitz was to the opaque business in the US.
Jeff Boyd: The way that I would answer that, Scott, is that we have seen in the hotel and rental car business consistent use by our partners of the opaque product as a revenue management tool. It has allowed them to increase their prices and increase, in the case of hotels, their RevPAR while providing us with inventory that has delivered solid conversion for us. So, conversion has been strong in hotels and rental car. On the airline side, earlier this year conversion was tough with very high load factors, but as we came into the fall season, there were some revenue management opportunities for the airlines that they avail themselves off. Now I mentioned in the call, that with respect to Orbitz we said that next year taking into account dilution, we thought that maybe 5% of merchant gross bookings were in play for next year. That’s a rough estimate; what it tells you is that Orbitz was certainly contributory to our merchant business this year, but what I also would say is you saw an acceleration of the growth rate between the second quarter and the third quarter, and we do not believe that the Orbitz business played a significant role in that acceleration.
Scott Devitt - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And then on acquisitions, you've been very successful with the two that you've done in Europe, and I was wondering just with the change in the valuation of the company, the willingness for future acquisitions, and if that’s a positive signal, what the intentions would be in terms of size small tuck-in deals versus larger strategic acquisitions? Thanks.
Jeff Boyd: We've been fairly consistent in our acquisition strategy over the past three or four years. We've looked for transactions that provided us with new products like Travelweb and retail hotel business like the European hotel business in the case of Active and Bookings, new distribution, again all three of those deals met that criteria because they provided us with access to customers that we were not currently transacting with, new markets; and they were accretive. And I think that our approach to transactions would be similar. We will look for things that provide us access to new distribution, to new products that allow us to get into new markets that we are not currently involved in and that will be accretive to the business and that’s something that served us well so far, and I think we are going to keep going down that path. I wouldn’t make a comment as to size. We are opportunistic, we don’t have any rules that say it has be this big or it can't be any bigger than that. We will look at transactions that we think makes sense and that we think we can digest and we can afford and represent a good balance of risk and reward.
Scott Devitt - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks.
Operator: This concludes the question-and answer-portion of our program. Gentlemen, would you like to continue with any closing remark?
Jeff Boyd: Thank you all very much for attending the call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-08-07 18:30:00) =====
Executives: Jeffrey Boyd - President and CEO Robert Mylod - CFO
Analysts: Aaron McCann – Goldman Sachs  Imran Khan – JP Morgan Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray Miresh for Paul Keung - World Markets Michael Millman - Soleil Securities Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Investments Scott Barry - CSFB
Operator: Welcome to Priceline.com’s second quarter 2006 conference call. Priceline.com would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expressions of future goals and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements.  For a list of factors that could cause Priceline.com’s actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor statement at the end of Priceline.com’s earnings press release as well as Priceline.com’s most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Unless required by law, Priceline.com undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Priceline.com’s earnings press release, together with an accompanying financial and statistical supplement, is available in the Investor Relations section of Priceline.com’s website, located at www.Priceline.com.  Now I would like to introduce Priceline speakers for this afternoon, Jeff Boyd and Bob Mylod. Go ahead, gentlemen.
Jeff Boyd: Thank you very much and welcome to Priceline’s second quarter conference call. I’m here with Priceline CFO, Bob Mylod.  Priceline's gross bookings growth continued to improve in the second quarter with accelerating organic growth rates for both our domestic and European operations. Gross bookings of $927 million were up 63% year-over-year. Pro forma gross profit of $106 million was up 62%, and pro forma net income was $23 million, or $0.55 per share, which surpassed the high end of our previous guidance and exceeded First Call consensus estimates of $0.51 per share.  Second quarter results include results from Bookings B.V. acquired in July of 2005.  Priceline's organic gross bookings growth rate, assuming acquired businesses were owned for the full period in question and excluding the retail hotel business on Orbitz, for the second quarter was 43%, a sequential increase from 33% in Q1.  Priceline Europe had an excellent quarter, with $357 million of gross bookings and an organic growth rate of 117%, accelerating from 102% in Q1 and significantly in excess of that reported by our competitors.  Priceline's domestic organic growth rate was 17% in the second quarter, an increase from 10% in Q1. Merchant gross bookings were up 5% in the second quarter, an improvement from negative 1% in the first quarter.  While we experienced a continued year-over-year decrease in opaque airline ticket sales, total unit sales of airline tickets grew 4%, an improvement from Q1 when sales were down 3%. Domestic results were also helped by improving results in hotel room night and rental car unit sales. We believe our U.S. business continues to benefit from the redesign of our website and the new “More Ways To Save” advertising campaign, an increased contribution from online channels, including Orbitz, where our opaque service is offered as a discount option.  Domestic online travel trends appear robust so far this summer, despite geopolitical uncertainty, high fuel prices and higher airfares. While these macro trends may at some point impact consumer demand, airline loads and hotel occupancy rates are at high levels and are expected to remain high throughout the summer. We believe our business has, on the whole, benefited from Priceline's value positioning in these market conditions.  While airline ticket sales were up in Q2, it bears mentioning that gross profit contribution from sales of airline tickets continues to trail that of last year's second quarter, due to pressure on margins on the sale of retail airline tickets. A principal factor contributing to this margin pressure is reduced GDS incentive income. As many of you know, mainline U.S. carriers have negotiated significant reductions in the segment fees they pay for bookings made through new GDS programs and are forcing agencies to book through these programs by charging high fees and potentially withholding leisure or other fares from existing higher cost programs. We believe agencies will absorb a significant amount of these segment fee reductions in the form of reduced incentives.  Priceline has taken a number of steps to address our airline partners' desire for lower distribution costs. For several quarters, we have provided lower retail GDS cost to carriers under agreements that broadly address our retail, opaque and packages business. We have established contracts with Sabre and G2 to allow us to participate in lower-cost programs that our partners support. We have also developed the technology to search and book through Sabre, which is in production today.  As a footnote, I think it is demonstrative of the skill and hard work of Priceline's technology and business teams that we were able to get this functionality up and running in a relatively compressed timeframe.  Finally, we continue to work with the airlines and the GDS/GNE community to find the right balance of access to full content for our customers, low cost to the airline and reasonable compensation to the GDS and the agency for the value being provided in selling airline tickets and processing ticket sales for airlines. I expect that discussions on these fronts will continue during the third quarter and potentially beyond.  Our strong growth in Europe comes from the continuing success of our European management in penetrating the faster growing Continental markets, as well as solid results in the competitive UK market, which is still our largest market in terms of sales. The faster growing continental markets now represent a larger proportion of the business and are contributing to accelerating growth rates.  We are also seeing benefits in the second quarter from integration activities, including combining the hotel inventory of Bookings and Active -- although a full combination of inventory has not yet been achieved -- and creating European demand for U.S. hotels and U.S. demand for European inventory. Each one of these efforts is producing meaningful reservations, but each also has plenty of running room ahead, in our opinion. Consequently, the outlook for growth in Europe seems promising.  We are also starting to benefit from scale in Europe as our supplier-friendly model and significant demand flow is giving us what we believe is a favorable position on rates and availability in a network of over 24,000 European hotels. With $357 million in European gross bookings and 5 million room nights booked worldwide, we believe we are number one in Europe and number two globally in online hotel room night sales.  Priceline's objective domestically is to be the leading online destination for value-conscious leisure travelers. We believe our improving domestic growth is helping us consolidate that positioning. Negative year-over-year trends in margin on retail airline tickets and increases in online marketing costs have had a negative impact on domestic operating margins. Our goal is to stabilize air margins in the coming months through our GDS and airline negotiations.  On the marketing front, we have succeeded in building significant online demand for both the retail and opaque products. Going forward, we will focus on achieving greater efficiencies and returns from this channel in an effort to achieve the appropriate balance of growth and profitability.  Our objective in Europe is to be the leading online hotel reservation service. Thanks to the hard work of the management and employees in Europe we continue to show superior growth and profitability and are building a formidable competitive advantage in product, supply and distribution. Our integration successes are adding to the strength of the business.  Priceline's combined financial performance has allowed us to make significant investments for the future in technology, marketing, supply, service and product improvements, while delivering solid pro forma earnings growth to our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Bob for the financial review. 
Bob Mylod: Thanks, Jeff. I am going to give a brief review of our Q2 results, and then I will finish with some forward-looking guidance. I’ll start with a brief discussion of gross bookings trends. As Jeff just mentioned, we have been very pleased with the gross bookings trends of both our domestic and international operations, which led to total year-over-year gross bookings growth of 62.8% in the quarter, up from 46.5% in Q1. On an organic basis, gross bookings grew 42.8% on a year-over-year basis, up from 32.6% in Q1.  Domestically, we were pleased to see our annualized gross bookings growth increase on a quarterly sequential basis for the second straight quarter, and in Europe we continue to perform at levels that have surpassed our most optimistic expectations.  In our last earnings call, we projected that Priceline Europe would generate approximately $300 million to $320 million of gross bookings in Q2. This was based upon an assumption that the Q1 annualized organic growth rate of 102% would represent the peak growth rate for our European business, and that the law of large numbers and difficult comps would start to work against us, thereby causing this growth rate to decline in Q2.  In fact, this did not happen. Instead, Priceline Europe's annualized organic growth rates actually accelerated in the quarter to 117%, which drove total European gross bookings of $356.6 million. I should note that we believe it is likely that this growth number was favorably impacted by the World Cup Soccer Tournament which began in mid-June, as we saw a step function increase in German bookings around the time of the World Cup. Having said that, we don't think the impact was material, and as you will hear when I get to earnings guidance, the strong bookings trends have continued in the four-week period following the World Cup.  The strong gross bookings performance allowed us to deliver gross profit dollars that came in substantially ahead of the high end of our guidance. Again, the upside was driven primarily by our strong results in Europe, which in addition to continued exceptionally strong organic growth, also benefited from positive seasonal factors, the inclusion of the Easter holiday in the second quarter and the aforementioned World Cup Soccer Tournament in Germany.  As for our Q2 operating expenses, our Q2 advertising expense of $39.4 million came in at the very high end of our prior guidance. This was substantially driven by an increase in online advertising as a result of our strong gross bookings performance, particularly in Europe.  Personnel costs of $15 million came in approximately $750,000 higher than the midpoint of our prior guidance, due primarily to higher than expected accruals for employee performance bonuses that are accrued throughout the year and paid at year-end, based upon full-year profit results.  Our Q2 general and administrative results of $7.1 million came in substantially higher than our prior guidance. This was caused by approximately $900,000 of professional fees that we incurred for advisory services associated with acquisition activity that was pursued during the quarter. None of the activity in question came to fruition. In the absence of these extraordinary expenses, our G&A expenses would have come in below our prior forecast, and our pro forma EPS would have been $0.02 per share better than the reported number. All of our other operating expenses came in within or below our prior guidance.  Pro forma income tax expense came in higher than expected, due to the strong pre-tax income performance of our European operations.  We reported pro forma net income of $0.55 per share which, as just Jeff just mentioned, came in above the high end of our previous range of guidance and was also in excess of First Call consensus estimates of $0.51 per share.  We reported GAAP net income of $0.28 per share for the quarter, which also came in above the high end of our prior range of guidance. GAAP results were negatively impacted primarily by approximately $5.8 million of acquisition-related amortization expenses primarily associated with our acquisitions of Travelweb, Active Hotels and Bookings B.V.; and $3.7 million of stock-based compensation expense, which reflected the impact of the adoption of FAS 123 R earlier in the year. All of these expenses were non-cash in nature.  GAAP results were also negatively impacted by the inclusion of 5.76 million shares of un-issued common stock associated with our two convertible note offerings that we are required to use in the calculation of GAAP EPS. These shares are not issuable unless our stock reaches a level of approximately $40 per share.  As for cash and cash flow, we generated approximately $25.1 million in operating cash flow during the quarter, thereby bringing our operating cash flow for the first six months of 2006 to approximately $45.4 million. We began the quarter with $188.4 million of cash and marketable securities, and we closed the quarter with $212.8 million of cash and marketable securities, representing an increase in cash of $24.4 million in the quarter. Total capital expenditures in the quarter were approximately $4.2 million. Now for a few comments on guidance. We're looking for third quarter gross bookings to grow by approximately 44% to 48% on a year-over-year basis. We expect Q3 gross bookings from Priceline Europe of approximately $360 million to $390 million. We expect revenue to grow by approximately 13% to 17% on a year-over-year basis. We expect pro forma gross profit dollars to grow by approximately 44% to 48% on a year-over-year basis.  As for Q3 operating expenses, we are targeting consolidated advertising expenses of approximately $40 million to $44 million with approximately 80% to 85% of that amount being spent on online advertising. We expect sales and marketing expenses of between $12 million and $13 million. We expect personnel costs to come in between $15.5 million and $16 million. We expect G&A expenses of approximately $6.5 million to $7 million. Information technology costs of approximately $2.6 million to $2.8 million, and depreciation and amortization expense, excluding acquisition-related amortization, of approximately $2.7 million.  We are targeting pro forma EPS of approximately $0.60 to $0.65 per share. Our pro forma EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax expense of approximately $7 million, comprised of alternative minimum tax in the United States and income taxes in Europe.  As for expected GAAP results, we expect to report GAAP net income of approximately $0.29 to $0.34 per share. The difference between our GAAP and pro forma results will be driven primarily by the inclusion of acquisition-related amortization, stock-based compensation and certain income tax expenses, all of which are non-cash in nature. GAAP results will also be negatively impacted by the aforementioned inclusion of 5.76 million shares of un-issued common stock associated with our two convertible note offerings that we are required to use in the calculation of GAAP EPS. These shares are not issuable unless our stock reaches a level of approximately $40 per share.  While we're not going to give detailed line item guidance for Q4 2006, we are comfortable providing an update to the full year guidance that we gave on our last earnings call. To recap where we were before today's update, we had been forecasting total gross bookings of $2.9 billion to $3.1 billion for full year 2006 with approximately $1.1 billion of that amount coming from Priceline Europe. We also had forecasted a pro forma EPS range of between $1.60 and $1.70 per share.  Because of our strong Q2 results and the visibility that those results give us with respect to the remainder of the year, we are now expecting to achieve full year gross bookings of approximately $3.2 billion to $3.3 billion, of which approximately $1.3 billion is expected to be generated by our European operations.  Finally, we are now targeting pro forma EPS of approximately $1.66 to $1.74 per share. GAAP EPS is expected to be approximately $0.70 to $0.80 per share as a result of the same non-cash items that will impact Q3 and the inclusion of the additional 5.76 million shares of un-issued common stock associated with our two convertible note offerings.  Before we take your questions, I wanted to make a couple of additional points about the forecasted numbers that I just gave. The first point has to do with GDS incentives. As Jeff mentioned in his remarks, we are in the midst of multi-party discussions and negotiations regarding the whole topic of distribution costs and GDS incentives. We have tried to the best of our ability to provide forecasts that take into account our best thinking as to where we will end up with respect to GDS incentive income on a go-forward basis.  So far to date, I think we've done a pretty good job of doing so. Nevertheless, the topic of GDS incentive income remains among the most often questioned when we speak to analysts and investors. Because the GDS discussions and negotiations are ongoing and there remains uncertainty as to where our economics will ultimately settle at the end of these negotiations, we thought we would provide a little more numerical data to help investors evaluate the materiality of the topic in question.  Specifically, the forecast that I just gave assumes that approximately 2.5% to 3.5% of our total second half gross profit dollars will come from GDS incentive fees. I will also point out that the gross profit dollars represented by this estimated range represents a material decrease from prior year levels, consistent with Jeff's remarks about agencies such as Priceline absorbing a significant amount of the reduction in incentive fees.  Because gross profit from GDS fees essentially flow directly to the bottom line, any performance above or below this range of guidance will directly impact the forecasted earnings that I just provided dollar for dollar. We hope this additional disclosure helps to better frame the potential dollars in play, and we also hope that it allays some of the concern about the level of exposure that we have with respect to this issue.  The last three points pertain to Priceline Europe. First, as I said on both our last earnings call as well as just a moment ago, the gross bookings performance that Priceline Europe has delivered so far in 2006 has been substantially ahead of our most optimistic expectations.  Specifically, we have grown our European gross bookings by 110% on an organic annualized basis for the first half of 2006. However, our forward guidance for Priceline Europe, especially as it relates to Q4, implies a deterioration in our annualized gross bookings and net revenue growth rates. But in fact, actual results through July indicate that Priceline Europe has continued to experience organic annualized growth rates that are well in excess of 100%.  If we continue to run at this clip through the remainder of the year, then the gross bookings, revenue and EPS guidance that we are giving today will end up looking conservative in retrospect. However, with annualized run rate gross bookings substantially in excess of $1 billion as of today, and annualized run rate room night sales in excess of $10 million, it is a mathematical certainty that the law of big numbers will dictate that the growth rates in Europe will slow, and we have factored that into our forecasts.  The second point has to do with the profitability of our European operations. I mentioned on our last earnings call that we expect to incur significant current year expenses to build our business in order to grow our top line and bottom line in 2007 and beyond, and we are doing just that.  Nevertheless, Priceline Europe is demonstrating strong operating leverage this year. At current course and speed it is likely that Priceline Europe will generate approximately two-thirds of our second half operating income. Moreover, Priceline Europe's annualized organic growth rate and operating income for the full year 2006 is expected to be in excess of 100%.  Given this growth rate and given the very significant relative contribution that Priceline Europe is already making to our overall operating profits, we are increasingly optimistic about our ability to achieve strong growth in our consolidated pro forma EPS in 2007.  The third and final point with respect to our European operations has to do with foreign currency exchange rates. The forecast that I just gave for Priceline Europe and for our consolidated earnings per share assumes a Euro to U.S. dollar exchange rate of approximately 1.275.  Finally, I want to point out as I have done on previous calls, that all the forecasts are based upon an assumption that we will continue operating in a consumer travel market that is roughly similar to the current one, and any geopolitical instability or terrorist event, particularly within the United States or Europe, would in all likelihood have a negative impact on the travel market in general and our operating results in particular.  With that, we would be happy to answer your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs. 
Aaron McCann – Goldman Sachs : This is actually Aaron McCann for Anthony. Just a couple of quick questions. Great quarter. As it relates to the hotel bookings in Europe, clearly you outperformed or outpaced our expectations; and the World Cup had an impact. Can you quantify what that impact was?  Second question regarding GDS negotiations, are those negotiations better or worse than your expectations? When will we start to see an impact? I think you mentioned that you expect it to represent 2.5% to 3% of gross profit dollars, but I was wondering if you could give us a little more detail. Thank you.
Bob Mylod: Maybe I will take the first one, and Jeff, you can take the second one. It is very hard to quantify. As I said in my remarks, we think the World Cup did have a positive impact. Specifically, we saw our German bookings, as I said, experience a step function increase that we did not necessarily see in some of the other countries.  Having said that, even before the World Cup, Germany was one of, if not the fastest growth market for us. So it is very, very hard to quantify what our bookings growth would have otherwise been, other than we think it did have a small positive impact.  As I said in my remarks, obviously post-World Cup the growth rates in Europe have generally maintained themselves. So again, if anything we think it was positive, but not necessarily all that material. 
Jeff Boyd: With respect to the GDS negotiations, it is difficult to get into a lot of detail when you are talking about live discussions that are going on currently. I think in terms of how we are doing relative to our expectations, as we mentioned and Bob mentioned in his remarks, I think we have done a reasonable job of projecting the impact to date of reductions in incentives.  In terms of how the negotiations are going, I think you can see from our recent press releases we have announced deals with G2, deals with Sabre and we just announced today signing up under their EAS program. We're happy with the terms of those programs. That is why we signed the contracts. We think they provide -- EAS in particular -- a nice balance between reducing costs for the airlines and fair compensation for the GDS and the agency.  So I think that these contracts are starting to come into place, but there are still dialogues yet to come. I don't think we really could get any more specific in quantifying what the future impact might be, other than to say, as Bob mentioned, we have considered it in our forecast, and we have given you a parameter of what the amount is so you can assess its materiality. 
Aaron McCann – Goldman Sachs : Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Imran Khan – JP Morgan. 
 Imran Khan – JP Morgan : Congratulations, guys, good quarter. Two questions. One, I think in the last quarter call you talked about you were opening up offices in Ireland, Austria and Portugal. I was wondering if you can give us an update. If you opened up the office, what kind of growth are you seeing from there?  Secondly, it seems like at the end of the last quarter call you talked about in April your international gross bookings was up 50% on a sequential basis. I was wondering if you see further acceleration and the revenue growth is accelerating, actually growing 100% year-over-year this month, why are you giving conservative guidance for the last two months of this quarter? 
Jeff Boyd: As to the first question, the offices in Ireland and Vienna are up and running, and staff is there signing up hotels and attending to distribution. Those markets are doing well. We don't break out market by market how much business we are doing in each market. With respect to Vienna, that is an office that looks after markets in some Eastern European countries as well, which is a forward-looking growth initiative for us.  So we are pleased with the rollout of the supply and distribution function across Europe, and that is one of the significant investments we are making in building the business. 
Bob Mylod: Imran, as it relates to your second question, I think what I said on the last call was that revenues had seen that sort of growth, and that was driven principally by a dramatic increase in stays in April versus March; one of the reasons being the placement of the Easter holiday in April.  As it relates to the forecast, again I guess I just reiterate what I said, which is admittedly there is an inherent assumption in here about an assumed decline in the growth rates, given that we are dealing with fairly significant numbers, and the comps presumably we expect to get tougher and tougher as we comp against some of these triple-digit growth rates that we have seen historically.  It is not the easiest thing in the world to necessarily forecast numbers when they are growing this rapidly. 
 Imran Khan – JP Morgan : Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray. 
 Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray : Hi, guys. Good quarter. A couple of questions. First, can you give us a sense for what the international revenues were in the quarter? Also, what percentage international represented for the operating profit?  Secondly, can you give us a sense for the Eastern European expansion how that is going? I have one follow-up question. 
Bob Mylod: Sure, I could give you the revenue number. The revenue in the second quarter was approximately $47.1 million for international, and then the gross profit dollars were $46.4 million. Again, we have just been giving relative percentages. We are not breaking out specifically operating profit by geographic region. 
Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray : I think last quarter you said it was over 50% in Q1. Does that still relate?
Bob Mylod: No, what we said in the last quarter was that we expected Priceline Europe to represent more than half of our operating income for full year 2006. That, as you might imagine, certainly remains the case given what I said about the second half. 
Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray : Great. Any update on the Eastern European expansion? 
Jeff Boyd: I think the comment I would make there, Aaron, is that the supply and distribution folks are working there. We are developing good supply. If you go to the booking.com website, you will see that we have got inventory in Czech Republic, Poland, a number of the Eastern European countries.  In terms of the size of the business in those markets though, it is still small compared to the major Western European markets. So it really is more of an investment in future business than something that is driving really high consolidated growth rates now. 
Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray : Finally, is the high inventory level in the U.S. hotel market having any negative impact, or is your inventory at less risk if we are seeing a contraction there? 
Jeff Boyd: I think I would answer that question in two different ways. One is for the published business, the merchant business we have here in the United States, the prices are high as a result of high occupancy rates; you will see prices get significantly higher as you get very strong demand periods. So you have inventory, but the prices are pretty high.  On the opaque side, the hotels still generally are using Priceline as an effective revenue management tool. It allows them to move those published prices up, and they can be confident that they have got a channel to sell any inventory that remains unsold. I think when you look at the results in terms of reported yields and RevPARs for the hotel companies, it seems that they are using all of their distribution channels and pricing very effectively because they are getting great results. 
Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray : Great. Thank you and good quarter. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Keung - CIBC World Markets. 
Miresh for Paul Keung - World Markets: This is Miresh on behalf of Paul Keung. Congratulations on a very strong quarter. Our question is about Europe. Given the significant amount of partner sales that you are having through your affiliate network in Europe, how important is it for you to develop a specific brand in Europe? 
Jeff Boyd: I think it is important, and the way that we are going about it is really through online channels. The Bookings brand in Continental Europe and the Active Reservations, Active Hotels brand in the UK and in France, in particular, have all developed very significant repeat customer flows and brand awareness through their online marketing. E-mail and other retention efforts, as well as site branding and advertising specifically through online channels will be the principal ways that we support those brands. 
Miresh for Paul Keung - World Markets: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Millman - Soleil Securities. 
 Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Thank you. First on the GDS, the 2.5% to 3.5% of gross profit, was that in the second half or was that for the full year? 
Bob Mylod: Second half. 
 Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Could you tell us what it was in the first half? 
Bob Mylod: We're not disclosing that right now. 
 Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Following up on that last question, can you give us an idea of in Europe with affiliates, how much of the business goes to affiliates, how much goes to Priceline.com? What kind of deals or agreements do you have with the affiliates? What kind of agreements with the hotels in terms of exclusive/not exclusive? Just more color on that business. 
Jeff Boyd: Sure. With respect to on the distribution side, Priceline Europe has a number of different brands that it distributes through directly to consumers, including the Bookings brand and the Active brand and the Priceline.co.uk brand and some others. We also have affiliate channels, which are agreements that we have with specific websites. Most of them are branded affiliates where we offer our hotel inventory through their website, and that represents a significant piece of our distribution. Then we have just normal online advertising and search marketing, which also represents a significant piece of the distribution. So you really have three legs to the stool, a direct business to a number of owned brands, affiliates and online marketing.  With respect to hotel supply, we don't typically have exclusives with the hotels with which we deal in Europe. We have arrangements that generally result in us receiving favorable treatment in so far as price and availability are concerned, and we receive that treatment because our product is very friendly to the hotel. We charge reasonable -- and in most cases, a lower rate for our services than the large merchant sellers do, and we also have very significant demand.  It is a big business now, and so the hotels very much value those customer flows, and they want to make sure that their properties convert well on our websites. So while it is not an exclusive, the hotels, I think, are choosing in large numbers to treat us as a preferred partner for supply purposes. 
 Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Regarding the affiliates, do you have exclusives with the affiliates? Can the affiliates decide to switch and go directly to the hotels? 
Jeff Boyd: Well, there is no one form of agreement that we have with affiliates. Some of our affiliates -- and this is true both in the United States as well as in Europe -- some happen to be exclusive relationships, and others are shared with other companies. Ultimately all agreements have a term and affiliates would be free to do business with another vendor if they wanted to. But again, we have a very customer-friendly product that converts very well for the affiliates, and they find the compensation they receive from the totality of the arrangement to be very attractive. 
 Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Can you give us some idea of what the growth trends are between the three channels of the brand, the affiliates and search engines? 
Jeff Boyd: We don't break that out. 
 Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley. 
 Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley : A couple of questions. First, I would appreciate it if you guys could elaborate a little bit on the overall travel demand environment? In the context of what we have seen for the last couple of months, as modestly declining domestic environment, as hotel rooms, airfares becomes more expensive, and on the margin, the price sensitive type customer might decide not to travel. Could you talk about the negative effective of that decreasing travel demand overall relative to the Company's position? Being well known for price sensitive travelers and offering very good deals, how do the net of those two shake out? You guys obviously said that you think it is a net positive, but if you could elaborate there, that would be appreciated. 
Jeff Boyd: As I mentioned in the prepared text, I think the travel market is still generally very strong. I think with respect to any airlines that are reporting reductions in flown miles that that is as a result of taking down capacity. I think the hotels' high occupancy rates are also evidence of strong demand.  If you look at the top line results that we reported as well as what Sabre Group reported for Travelocity last week, it seems like there is still some solid growth going on at least in terms of domestic online travel.  We certainly have tried to make the point in our marketing that as gas prices and airfares go up, it makes Priceline as a choice for customers even more compelling since they can save a significant amount of money on their travel plans and maybe still have as nice a vacation as the one they took last summer.  I think the benefits of that business for us are more evident to consumers in our “Name Your Own Price” hotel and rental car products and as a result, it is possible that some of the trends that you may be starting to see them in airline tickets, particularly high prices and limited capacity, ultimately could affect demand. I said as much in my prepared text. It just turns out that that part of the business is relatively less important to Priceline than the hotel and rental car business, where we are still able to provide a significant savings to our customer. 
 Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley : Great. Switching gears towards the marketing spending, you guys have talked about the expectations in the short-term going forward. I'm curious if you could put your comments in the broader context of what you think your competitors are doing, the competitive landscape for marketing spending, and assuming you don't want to quantify it, if you could talk about qualitatively if the Company is in an investment mode for marketing currently in the short term, do you think that would likely persist into 2007 as well? 
Jeff Boyd: I think we will consistently be investing in marketing. Nothing that I have said is intended to suggest that we don't believe that we have got a great product that merits that investment. With respect to online channels in particular, having over the last couple of years, basically built a whole new suite of products for Priceline and had a very strong imperative to get people into the website to experience those products, and particularly this year to see more ways to save and the retail hotel display and all of the great content we have there, I think we have succeeded in driving significant demand for those products, good growth in the domestic business and I think it will put us in a position to be a little bit more focused on efficiencies and ROI as we look at our online marketing spend next year, domestically here in the U.S.
 Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley : Great. One more if I could. At the risk of beating a dead horse on the GDS incentives, but again not to quantify but talking qualitatively about Sabre’s efficient access solution, presumably you guys have gained two things: increasingly full content, as well as protection from extra booking fees from airlines.  On the full content, I guess it is debatable what full content means, but if you could talk qualitatively about what you think you are gaining there with this agreement in terms of access to broader content?  Also on the protection from extra airline booking fees, certainly some airlines have announced such fees, and I am curious for your take on whether you think that would likely spread to all the major airlines, and therefore, you would get protection from that? 
Jeff Boyd: I think that most of the mainline carriers will assess booking fees to the higher cost GDS channels, and most of the big online travel agencies will arrange their connectivity and switch relationships so that their customers are not assessed those fees. It is certainly our objective to accomplish that.  There are still some open pieces to be played on the board here. American Airlines has not yet signed with Sabre, and it is not 100% clear what the arrangement will be vis-à-vis other GDS. Those are discussions that are ongoing for us.  But, as I said before, our goal is to get low cost for the airline, to make sure that our customers have access to all of their published content without the assessment of a booking fee and for there to be reasonable compensation for Priceline and for our technology providers in the middle. 
 Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley : Great, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Investments. 
 Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Investments : Great, thank you. Just one question. Are there specific things you have been trying to do to date to encourage what you talked about as part of the European growth initiative, that is the European bookings to U.S. travelers, U.S. travel bookings to European travelers? Is that something very early stage for you? How do you go around actually doing that? Thanks a lot. 
Bob Mylod: Yes, I will take that, Mark. We are making a concerted effort here domestically to drive traffic to Europe, and actually a lot of those numbers, obviously, when I talk about the gross bookings that are showing up in Europe, it is fairly small numbers now. But as Jeff said, we think we have a lot of running room left in terms of the marketing efforts that we are expending here within the U.S. to help drive U.S. travel to Europe. So we hope that that is an important part of the 2007 growth story.
 Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Investments : Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from Scott Barry - CSFB. 
 Scott Barry - CSFB : You guys mentioned that you're building a moat around your European business in the form of product supply and distribution advantages. Just two questions around that. Could you comment on whether you have seen any material change in the competitive landscape in Europe? Secondly, maybe you could comment qualitatively on the importance of the first mover advantage that you have in the FIT segment in Europe? Thanks. 
Jeff Boyd: Scott, I think the market there is sufficiently large, diverse and attractive that in terms of the competitive landscape our businesses are growing rapidly and doing extremely well, but my best information tells me that others are doing well with different kinds of models and with different kinds of focuses.  For example, some of the competition may be doing extremely well in a strategy that emphasizes Capitol City type travel, whereas we have a particular strength in secondary and tertiary markets. There are just a lot of different opportunities there. So the competitive landscape to me seems like there's some running room for a number of different players.  What we are pleased about in terms of our building scale is that in those markets where there is competition for supply, we seem to be doing reasonably well and holding up our availability and access to rates. Over time should that become more of a serious issue, I think having a very significant size to our distribution and a very supplier-friendly business model should benefit us if the supply market tightens up in future quarters. 
Scott Barry - CSFB : Great, that is helpful. Just one follow-up if I might. Bob, did you mention that your gross bookings from the continent now are larger in size than your gross bookings from the UK? 
Bob Mylod: Yes, absolutely. 
Scott Barry – CSFB: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Gentlemen, I'm not showing any further questions at this time. Would you like to proceed with any further remarks? 
Jeff Boyd: Thank you all very much for attending our call. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2006 Q1  (2006-05-03 20:15:00) =====
Executives: Jeffrey Boyd, President and Chief Executive Officer Robert Mylod, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Mark Mahaney - Smith Barney Citigroup Anthony Noto, Goldman Sachs Scott Barry - Credit Suisse First Boston James Durran - CIBC Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray Michael Millman - Millman Research
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to priceline.com First Quarter 2006 Conference Call. priceline.com would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor Provision of the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guaranteed of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict, therefore actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecasted in any such forward-looking statements. Expression of future goals and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements, for a list of factors that could cause priceline.com’s actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor Statements at the end of priceline.com’s earnings press release as well as priceline.com’s most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law of Priceline.com undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of priceline.com’s earnings press release together with the accompanying financial and statistical supplement is available in the Investor Relations section of priceline.com’s website located at www.priceline.com. And now, I would like to introduce priceline speakers for this afternoon, Jeff Boyd and Bob Mylod. Go ahead gentlemen.
Jeffrey Boyd: Thank you very much, and welcome to priceline’s first quarter conference call. I’m here with priceline CFO, Bob Mylod. Priceline’s gross bookings growth exceeded our original expectation in the first quarter with accelerating organic growth rates for both our domestic and European operations. Gross bookings of $747 million were up 47% year-over-year, proforma gross profit of $72.6 million was up 25% and proforma net income was $7.6 million or $0.19 per share which is inline with our previous guidance and first calls consensus estimates. First quarter results include results from Bookings BV acquired in July of 2005. Priceline’s organic gross bookings growth rate assuming acquired businesses were owned for the full period in question and excluding the retail hotel business on Orbitz for the first quarter was 33% a sequential increase from 21% in Q4. Priceline Europe had an excellent quarter with $273 million of gross bookings and an organic growth rate of 102% accelerating from 88% in Q4 and significantly in excess of that reported by our competitors. Priceline’s domestic organic growth rate was 10% in the first quarter, an increase from 5% in Q4. Merchant gross bookings were down 1% in the first quarter, a slight improvement from negative 3% in Q4. We experienced a continued year-over-year decrease in opaque airline ticket sales roughly consistent with the rate of decline experience in the second half of last year. Domestic results were helped by strong retail hotel sales and growth in rental cars and packages. We believe our US business is benefiting from the redesign of our website and the new more ways to save advertising campaign and increase contribution from online channels including Orbitz were opaque service is offered as a discount option. With the full service lineup improve content a consistent web presentation and diverse distribution channels, we believe priceline is well positioned in the United States to build on the improving trends we saw in the first quarter and the second quarter is off to a good start in this regard. With its market leadership as a value player priceline should be an important option for leisure travelers this summer looking for savings opportunities to bring relief from the impact of high gas prices on the cost of this summer vacation. Priceline’s airline ticket sales were down 3% in Q1, an improvement from negative 10% in Q4. If there is mentioning however, the gross profit contribution from sales of airline tickets trails that of last years first quarter to a greater degree due to pressure on margins from inventory constrains and pressure on GDS economics. The financial difficulties of the airlines compounded by high fuel cost and high domestic loads as strong demand presses up against reduced domestic capacity, we continue to present challenges for online travel players as airline seek ways to reduce the cost of selling tickets through intermediary channels and ramp their investment in driving traffic for their own sites. These forces will certainly being play this summer as the outcome of the renegotiation of long-term airline GDS agreements which impact the level of incentive income we receive is far from clear. Having repeated this cautionary remark on successive confidant cost for over a year, I note that contribution from ticket sales is becoming a smaller and smaller percentage of our gross profit. Due to the size and success of our other businesses we have been able to grow our earnings during that period despite significantly deteriorating ticket business. Our growth in Europe stems from a number of sources. Priceline Europe is focused on the continued expansion of this business in rapidly growing markets in continental Europe. The success of our European management in penetrating the faster growing continental markets has resulted in an accelerating organic growth rate in Q1 and we believe continued share gains, against the competition. We also started to see the benefits from the first quarter from the integration of hotel inventory of bookings and active although a full combination of inventory has not yet been achieved. Moreover we have started drive European demand for US hotels and US demand for European inventory and both of those efforts are producing reservations. We have seen very positive results from all of these initiatives but each has plenty of running room ahead in our opinion and consequently the outlook for growth in Europe seems promising. Accordingly as you can see in our press release and we will hear from Bob in a moment we are guiding towards significant growth in gross profit dollars in Q2 and beyond and increased full year proforma EPS. Priceline’s objective is to be the leading US online destination for value conscious leisure travelers and the number one online hotel reservation service in Europe. The positive trends in the US business are evidence that the savings we provide and the consumer support for priceline’s brand provide a solid foundation for our position as the leading value player, despite a macro environment that was record high airline loads and hotel occupancy is challenging to say the least. In Europe the growth trajectory of priceline Europe is support of the market leadership to which we aspire with the single minded focus that represents a tangible advantage against competitors we face a number of significant distractions. We believe Priceline is well positioned to deliver solid proforma earnings growth for 2006. I will now turn the call to Bob for the financial review.
Robert Mylod: Thanks, Jeff. I going to give a brief review of our Q1 results, and then I’m going to finish with some forward guidance. As you can probably summarize from Jeff’s comment the theme for Q1 is all about accelerating gross bookings momentum. Total company gross booking grew by 46.5% on a year-over-year basis. Domestically we were pleased to see our annualized gross bookings growth increase on a quarterly sequential basis and in Europe we have the success story unfolding that is having and we will continue to have an ever increasing impact on our overall results. As Jeff said priceline Europe performs significantly above and beyond our most optimistic expectations for the quarter. In our last earning call we projected the priceline Europe would generate approximately $180 million to $200 million of gross bookings in Q1. Actual gross bookings came in at $272.8 million. For each of the last two consecutive quarters we have expected year-over-year organic comparable growth rates to get more difficult as we comp against increasingly larger numbers from the prior year and we have for the second consecutive quarter our annualized organic bookings growth rates in Europe actually accelerated on a quarterly sequential basis. The strong gross bookings performance allowed us to deliver gross profit dollars that came in at the high end of our guidance. And keep in mind that our retail hotel services in general and our European hotel service specifically recognized revenue not when the customer books his or her reservation but rather when the customer cheeks out of his or her hotel room. I went over this in quite a bit of detail on our last earnings call but to quickly recap, in Q1 customer room night check outs are less than customer room night reservations as leisure customers tend to travel less in Q1, but they do book a meaningful amount of their expected spring and summer vacations during the quarter. From our financial perspective this means that the meaningful amount of the retail bookings that were made in Q1 will not be recognized as revenue until future quarters. I am going to put some numbers behind the spot when I get to guidance but surprise to say that we finished Q1 with a very strong backlog of booked reservations that have not yet been recognized as revenue and this gives us confidents in projecting strong results for the reminder of 2006. And that brings me to a discussion of Q1 operating expenses and more specifically our advertising expense. Again I would like to remind our investors of our accounting policy that dictates that we expense the substantial majority of our advertising activities in the period in which we generate the gross bookings. And that creates a mismatch in the timing between the accelerative recognition of advertising expense on the one hand and the deferred recognition of revenue in gross profit on the other. Accordingly because our gross bookings were so strong in the quarter our Q1 adverting expense of $31.3 million came in towards the high-end of our previous guidance. All of our other operating expenses for the quarter collectively came in roughly on top of the guidance that we gave on our last earnings call. We’ve reported proforma net income of $0.19 per share which came in right in the middle of our previous range of guidance and was right on top of first call consensus estimates. We’ve reported GAAP loss of $0.02 per share for the quarter also consistent with our guidance as we outlined to investors at our last earnings call our GAAP results were negatively impacted primarily by approximately $6 million of acquisition related amortization expenses primarily associated with our acquisitions of travel web active hotels and Bookings BV, and $3 million of stock based compensation expense which reflected the adoption FAS123R during the quarter. All of these expenses were non-cash in nature. As for cash and cash flow we generated approximately $20.3 million of operating cash flow during the quarter. We began the quarter with a $175.4 million of cash and marketable securities and we close the quarter with a $188.4 million cash and marketable securities representing an increase in cash of $13 million in the quarter. During the quarter we used our cash to acquire approximately $5.6 million worth of our common stock pursuing to our share buyback program. Total capital expenditures in the first quarter were approximately $3.1 million. Now for a few comments on guidance, we are looking for second quarter gross bookings to grow by approximately 45% to 50% on a year-over-year basis. We expect Q2 gross bookings from priceline Europe of approximately $300 million to $320 million; we expect revenue to grow by approximately 8% to 12% on a year-over-year basis. We expect proforma gross profit dollars to grow by approximately 45% to 50% on a year-over-year basis, as for Q2 operating expenses we are targeting consolidated advertising expenses of approximately $36 million to $40 million with approximately 75% of that amount being spent on online advertising. We expect sales and marketing expenses of between $11 million and $12 million, we expect personal cost to come in between $14 million and $14.5 million; we expect G&A expenses of approximately $6.3 million to $6.6 million. Information technology cost of approximately $2.6 million to $2.8 million and depreciation and amortization expense excluding acquisition related amortization of approximately $2.6 million. We are targeting proforma EPS of approximately $0.48 to $0.53 per share. Our proforma EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax expense of approximately $3.5 million comprised of alternative minimum tax in the United States and income taxes in Europe. As for expected GAAP results we expect to report GAAP net income of approximately $0.21 to $0.26 per share. The difference between our GAAP and proforma results will be driven primarily by the inclusion of acquisition related amortization, stock based compensation and certain income tax expenses, all of which are non-cash in nature. GAAP results will also be negatively impacted by the inclusion of 5.76 million shares of un-issued common stock associated with our 2 convertible note offerings that we are required to use in the calculation of our GAAP EPS. These shares are not issuable unless our stock reaches a level of approximately $40 per share. Well we are not going to give detailed line item guidance for full year 2006. We are comfortable providing an update to the full year guidance that we gave on our last earnings call. To recap where we were before today’s update we have been forecasting total gross bookings of $2.7 million to $2.9 million for full year 2006, with approximately $800 million to $900 million of that amount coming from priceline Europe. We also have forecasted a proforma EPS range of between a $50 and a $65 per share. Because of our strong Q1 results and the visibility of those results give us with respect to the remainder of the year, we are now expecting to achieve full year gross bookings of approximately $2.9 billion to $3.1 billion of which approximately $1.1 billion is expected to be generated by our European operations. Finally we are now targeting proforma EPS of approximately $1.60 to a $1.70 per share. GAAP EPS is expected to be approximately $0.62 to $0.70 per share. As a result of the same non-cash items that will impact Q1 and the inclusion of the additional $5.7 million shares of one issue common stock associated with our two convertible note offerings. Before we take your question I wanted to make two additional points pertaining to priceline Europe. The first point related to the full year guidance that I just gave. As I said at the beginning of my remarks the gross bookings performances that priceline Europe delivered in Q1 was substantially ahead of our most optimistic expectation. It is primarily because of this performance that we have of to our full year bookings and EPS guidance. Having said that our forward guidance for priceline Europe implies a deterioration in our gross bookings and net revenue growth rates. That frankly we simply have not yet seen. In fact our April gross bookings were very strong. And our revenue and gross profit in April benefited from having Easter holiday in April this year as suppose to March last year. As a result our revenue and gross profit in Europe for April grew by approximately 50% on a monthly sequential basis. It is certainly possible look that by the time we get to yearend the gross bookings guidance that we are giving for Europe today may end up looking conservative in retrospect. And if so today’s EPS guidance might also seem conservative. However we feel that it is prudent to not get too far ahead of ourselves in forecasting priceline Europe. Because it is proportionally high percentage of full year gross profit and operating income is still to come in the second to fourth quarters. We are also expecting some volatility in our European gross bookings and gross profit during Q2 and Q3 as a result of the world cup soccer tournament that will take place in Germany this June and July. The second point have to do with the profitability of our European operations historically we have not given specific profitability metrics for our European operations and we do not expect to start doing so now or in the future especially because it is our goal to continue to further inaugurate our websites and supply platforms on a world wide basis so as to make geographic attribution less and less meaningful. Having said that I did want to point out that the strong growth in gross booking that we are generating in Europe is translating into very strong bottom-line results. Specifically we expect that priceline Europe will account from more then half of our total company proforma operating income in 2006. Up by well an excess of 50% on an organic year-over-year basis as Jeff mentioned in his remarks our state of goal is to become the number one online hotel service provider in Europe. And well our operating results in Europe are extremely promising they also reflect a significant amount of expense that we are incurring to build our business to support the achievement of that goal. Specifically we are in the process of building out significant datacenter infra structure and server capacity to support our growth initiatives. We have expanded and expect to continue to expand our existing offices in the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Spain, and Italy. We are also in the process of opening new offices in Ireland, Austria, and Portugal. And we have significant expectations for greater reach in Eastern Europe and beyond. The full year EPS guidance that I am giving today is reflective of the expenses associated with all of this development activity. Yet the return on investment from this activity is not expected to be very visible until we get towards 2007. Suffice to say though that are rapid top line growth and strong profit profile in Europe combined with all the forward-looking development activity that we are currently engaged in makes us increasingly optimistic about our ability to deliver strong results in 2007 and beyond. Finally I want to point out as I have done on previous calls that all of the forecast are based on an assumption that we will continue operating in a consumer travel market that is roughly similar to the current one. And that any geopolitical instability or terrorist event particularly within the United States or Europe would in all likelihood have a negative impact on the travel market in general, and our operating results in particular. And with that we would be happy to answer your question.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: Hey, great thank you very much. If you could provide little bit more detail on that significant outperformance you saw in Europe and I don’t know is there anyway you could break that down maybe regionally or with their certain travel segments or demographic segment that came on particularly strong over their particular market share gains versus any singled out competitors that led to that our performance? Thank you very much.
Jeffrey Boyd: I think that we would be, we would to be happy to describe that the fastest growing markets are on continental Europe versus the UK. The UK market is more mature and while still the gross markets is not growing at the same rates as the major Western European countries are. I don’t think we want to get into anymore detail about performance against specific competitors or particular channels though.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: Okay and then one switching over to that just for the GDS economics and then knowing that, something that you’ve been discussing and talking about for quarters at length. But when do you think you’ll actually get pretty decent visibility into what the full impact could be on your economics? Do you think it will be by the summer or could this is a potentially something that visibility won’t be clear until the end of the year? Thanks.
Jeffrey Boyd: You know I think that most of the renegotiations of contracts between the major GDS’s in the airlines, it will done by the end of the summer. And I would expect that at, we’re shortly after that time there should be some more visibility on what the impact if any of that is on our results. As you know Mark, we have had in our historical numbers the impact of decreasing GDS economics and have been including impact in our forecast as well.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Noto of Goldman Sachs.
Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much Jeff and Bob, I apologize for any noise in the background, couple of questions the press release kind of alludes the fact that the business could be actually counters cyclicality, I was wondering if you could elaborate on that all and is that incorporated in your guidance? Second question, deceleration in growth both domestic and international, I was wondering if you could break that down I think about the interest revenue from traffic standpoint, converge rate standpoint and then ASP and that could be based on mixture what have you, what are you seeing that’s driving the acceleration as it relates the traffic convergent rate and average selling price of your case, that’s driving after this if you got more inside of it. And then the final question is, percent of amount that potentially sale of that business as suppose to a public spin-off, are there assets there that you think that it can enhance your strategic positioning and that are not one as well as you may be able to run and giving your executions in that challenging market and outperformance of some of your competitors? Thanks.
Jeffrey Boyd: The first question as counter cyclicality I don’t think it was our intention to imply that we’re highly counter cyclical if I understand the verge you’re focused on. I think we believe that priceline offers great value to customers and sometimes that value has a higher significance in time for another cost are going up. So, we like to think that’s a benefit of our market positioning but it is not something that we can demonstrate it would ask people to forecast for us. As to accelerating growth, I think the, we are getting significant benefits across a number of areas. We have as you know a fully redesigned website it’s not consistent across our products and then integrated marketing campaign and we think that those changes in that advertising campaign are working well and we have seeing some improvements in our overall conversion in certain products which we think are the result of those changes. So, I think we are getting that kind of benefit. In Europe, they are in the course of building out a business on continental Europe where they are consistently adding supply and distribution to the website and to their products and so I don’t think that the growth is absolutely derivative of an increase in traffic to, a particular property that they have but rather continue to increase in hotel inventory, continue to increase in traffic across the number of different countries. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks we are starting to see the benefit of combining inventory of active and bookings and that translates to a conversion benefit.
Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: And then have with the Rockford concinnity.
Jeffrey Boyd: I was hoping you forget that you asked that question. We really can’t comment on that, they’ve got a book out and they are engaged in a process and I just don’t think that something that we would really would comment on.
Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: Have you looked at the book, it was a good joke. Thanks.
Jeffrey Boyd: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Barry of Credit Suisse.
Scott Barry - Credit Suisse: Thanks couple of questions, you gave your last guidance midway through the quarter, just to go back to the gross bookings, the deposit turn on, is there anything that you can point to that there would account for the acceleration you saw in the month of March. And then secondly that $1.1 billion of European volumes is it still safe to assume that essentially 100% merchant hotel inventory? Thanks.
Jeffrey Boyd: Well actually its really agency, the transaction on Europe are structured under the agency model, but its safe to assume that basically all that $1.1 billion is out hotel product in Europe. As for the Q1 results it really is a function of those second half of the quarter, just being very substantially higher than we thought, with obviously March being very, very substantially higher, there was a little bit of, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, Easter was a March holiday, last year and Easter was an April holiday this year. And I think, obviously as March unfolded we ended up getting a lot of bookings associated with Easter holiday which again as I said you will not see as revenue until April, but that is partly why you saw such a, I mentioned our monthly sequentially revenues in April were up 50% versus revenues in March and I think there is a little bit of an Easter phenomena on that.
Scott Barry - Credit Suisse: Okay just one last question, if I might, you’ve mentioned some of the profitability in Europe is it safe to assume, just plug-in some of those numbers it looks like its safe to assume that your agency net revenue yields going to continue turns upwards through the next couple of quarters?
Jeffrey Boyd: I want to make sure when its, when you say agency net revenue, are you saying revenue divided by gross bookings?
Scott Barry - Credit Suisse: Right.
Jeffrey Boyd: Yeah, yes absolutely and that’s consistent with, as we recognized more revenue and that will become even more pronounced in Q3 as we actually have more consumption of vacation as suppose to bookings and so the trends you saw yet last year we will see again this year. 
Scott Barry - Credit Suisse: Right, but on a year-over-year basis as well?
Jeffrey Boyd: On a year-over-year basis there could be some movement in the specific timing of revenue recognition as I mentioned we have one sort of small wild card in Europe which is the world cup soccer tournament we did see 2 years ago with the Europe cup that in the movements in the bookings and the reservations actually, it did have a somewhat of an impact it didn’t ultimately change what the full result was for the 2 quarters, but it could potentially have an impact, I wouldn’t expect that there should be a material difference between this year and last year, I think our core margins are very steady if not maybe slightly increasing.
Scott Barry - Credit Suisse: Okay great thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Post of CIBC.
James Durran - CIBC: This is James Durran for Justin Post, just a couple of quick questions most of the questions have been asked so far, I wanted to know whether you thought there will be online travel strength that you guys are seeing is really inductive of marketplace or do you really think is more share gain. And secondly what’s really the transatlantic (ph) opportunity if you give us a little bit more color on that that will be appreciated. Thank you.
Jeffrey Boyd: Sure I think our results are reflective of attractive markets, I think the market in United States continues to offer the opportunity for growth for online travel agents, the growth rates have come down over the last 3 or 4 years. But I think it still represents an attractive market and in Europe the growth rates are significantly higher in general than in the United States. So that market is even more attractive particularly in continental Europe where in the net penetration and e-commerce usage and e-travel usage is just at much lower levels than it is in the UK and here obviously. So I think the markets are very attractive but I do believe that we have a winning product in Europe, a winning business model it’s great for the hotels and great for the consumers and I think that’s one of the reasons that we are growing at faster rates and I think taking share in hotel sales from our competition. Second point on presumably you are asking about the opportunity for European traveling to the US and US citizens travel into Europe, I guess what I would say is inherent in the number than in the guidance for 2006 is very little transaction associated with either activity, but yet we know that the United States is a very major travel destinations for Europeans and we also our best intelligence says that our some of our competitors have very big businesses for European traveling to the US. So we look at that as a very large opportunity, I am not necessarily going to define dollar wise what it is, but we know it’s a very big opportunity that is in front of us because again as I said it really doesn’t represent much of any of our business right now. Our European bookings are primarily Europeans traveling within Europe at this point and we know that there is a lot more to go after then just that.
James Durran - CIBC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Aaron Kessler of Piper Jaffray.
Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray: Hi guys, good quarter and a couple of quick questions for you. First on, some of the traffic data from third party sources are showing actually the decline in the US business, I was wondering if you can comment whether you are seeing declines in consumer traffic to the side, also in terms of the travel environment in the US, I mean has it improve a little I would think gross declines are little better on sequential basis that we, and as where are you in terms of your marketing efforts on international front? Thanks.
Jeffrey Boyd: I mean in terms of the published travel sources I think we make a point not to comment on the relationship between and published travel just because, published traffic information just because there is very often a complete disconnect between the 2. So I really don’t have any comments specifically with respect to public traffic but in terms of the US travel environment and our own business I think you could see from the results that Cendant announced with respect to its US business and as well as the results that we’ve announced that there seems to be healthy strength of demand for travel and for the products sold by online travel agents, I think the results that have been announced so far are positive and with respect to our product in particular, because we have so significantly revamped our product line here over the last couple of years, capping it off with a complete look, change to the look in feel and changes to the functionality on our hotel environment cost sides, we are very, very pleased to have completed the first quarter with those changes and to see really a positive impact on our business in our business trends. It tells us that the consumers are responding well to those changes and it tell us that they are responding well to our new advertising. So we think that those are all good signs for US travel in particular, but for price launch product here in the United States specifically. As to international marketing I think you can see from the results that we’ve announced today that we’ve been extremely successful in building really solid momentum in driving growth in international hotel sales. So we’ve been doing it the marketing spend is in our published numbers, its in online marketing program there and its got a great efficiencies as Bob mentioned, we are forecasting very significant profitability in Europe. So I think that tells you that we’ve got very, very solid momentum in Europe in our distribution channels and that we are acquiring business at a reasonable cost.
Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray: Are you still reporting the metrics, I haven’t seen any metrics in this quarter as a result.
Jeffrey Boyd: Yes we have unit metrics in this.
Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray: Okay.
Robert Mylod: That’s on our website, so all the metrics are on our website.
Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray: Great, thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instruction) Our next question comes from Michael Millman of Millman Research.
Michael Millman - Millman Research: I guess it also starting with a last of, you gives your guidance, and European booking but then you report on merchant and agency could, could you give us the gross profit, over the proforma gross profit for Europe and the US. Secondly are there other consolidators in Europe and continental Europe that some of your competitors might be likely to the purchase considering the success they see in your business. And can you update us on where, what’s your timing is whether there is any timing regarding starting to use priceline as well as Worldspan.
Robert Mylod: Do you mean, I am assuming Sabre instead of Worldspan.
Michael Millman - Millman Research: Sorry yes the favor.
Robert Mylod: Okay all take the first one and maybe Jeff, you can take the next two, I think the question was can we breakout the revenue between US and Europe. And the answer is yes revenues from Europe in the quarter were, I don’t have the exact number in front of me it was approximately $22.5 million, $22.4 million or $22.5 million, so the reminder, will be coming from the US. And that’s all agency revenue, so would appear in the agency line item and then we will, we will have all that disclosure in the Q that we file in a couple of days.
Michael Millman - Millman Research: That would also be the same as your gross profit there.
Robert Mylod: Pretty much exactly right yes.
Jeffrey Boyd: As to the question, whether there are other consolidators that are available Europe to be purchased by our competitors. They are certainly are other businesses in Europe that sell hotel reservations online, I think that there are a number of them tend to, tend to be more focused on single country, and, and to the extent that that others have businesses that reach out to other countries, they don’t have the pan European presence that priceline Europe does. There are also businesses that are out there that have fundamentally different business models from that of priceline Europe and in fact our competition generally the big US competitors that are operating business in Europe are prosecuting a different model on the hotel front, and we are so. I think that, that creates challenges in trying to either change there modular or going into an acquisition in a big way of a business it has a fundamentally different model. As the timing of Sabre versus Worldspan we, we said at the time of the announcement that we where working on implementation, that we, we felt that it would be a matter of months not years. And, I think that there is, that we are targeting begin able to, to book on Sabre later on this year, but I don’t want to give any more specific then that really.
Michael Millman - Millman Research: When you say you will be able to, does that suggested that you will?
Jeffrey Boyd: We, we have a various significant degree of flexibility in what we choose to do. And the, the arrangements around which these transaction are going to, are going to take place have a lot to do with negotiations yet to come between the Air line themselves and these GDS. And so I think the, the landscape is not concrete enough for us to predict exactly where we are going to be booking segments, but the important think is that we have the flexibility to do so in a couple of different venues here and, and we will have the ability to do so later on this year.
Michael Millman - Millman Research: And when you say different model, different business model in European you means the, the big US online agents have a merchant model?
Jeffrey Boyd: That’s right.
Michael Millman - Millman Research: Thank you.
Operator: I am not showing any further questions at this time.
Jeffrey Boyd: Well, thank you all very much for participating.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen thank you for participating in today’s conference. This concludes the program, and you may all disconnect, everyone have a great day.

===== 2005 Q4  (2006-02-17 10:45:00) =====
Executives: Jeffrey Boyd, President and Chief Executive Officer   Robert Mylod, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Scott Kessler, Standard and Poors   Scott Barry, CSFB   Anthony Noto, Goldman Sachs   Aaron Kessler, Piper Jaffray   Mark Mahaney, Smith Barney Citigroup
Operator: Welcome to Priceline.com's Fourth Quarter 2005 Conference Call. Priceline.com would like to remind everyone that this call may contain forward-looking statements which are made pursuant to the Safe Harbor Provision of the Private Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are not guaranteed of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties functions are difficult to predict therefore actual results may differ materially from those expressed, implied or forecast in any such forward-looking statements. Expression of future goals and similar expressions reflecting something other than historical fact are intended to identify forward-looking statements, for a list of factors that could cause Priceline.com's actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Safe Harbor Statements at the end of Priceline.com's press release as well as Priceline.com's most recent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless required by law Priceline.com undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. A copy of Priceline.Com’s Earnings Press Release together with the accompanying financial and statistical supplement is available in the Investor Relations section of Priceline.Com's website, located at www.priceline.com. Now, I would like to introduce Priceline's speakers for this afternoon, Mr. Jeff Boyd and Bob Mylod. Go ahead gentlemen and begin the conference.
Jeffrey Boyd, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much, and welcome to Priceline's fourth quarter conference call. I'm here with Priceline's Chief Financial Officer, Bob Mylod. Priceline performed at the high-end of our original expectations in the fourth quarter, due to continued strong growth in our European operations and solid domestic results. Gross bookings of $537 million were up 29%, year-over-year. Pro forma gross profit of $65.3 million, was up 27%, and pro forma net income was $11.4 million or $0.28 per share, up $0.29 over last year. Fourth quarter results include results from bookings BV, acquired in July of last year. For the full-year, Priceline's gross bookings were 2.2 billion, an increase of 32%, and pro forma earnings per share were $1.37 an increase of 42%. Priceline's organic gross bookings growth rate, assuming acquired businesses were owned for the full period in question and excluding the retail hotel business on Orbitz for the fourth quarter, was 21%. Priceline Europe had an excellent quarter with $158 million gross bookings and an organic growth rate of 88%, accelerating from 76% in Q3, and significantly in excess of that reported by our competitors. Priceline's domestic organic growth rate was 5% in the fourth quarter broadly consistent with the trend in the second and third quarter. Merchant gross bookings were down slightly, consistent with the third quarter. We experienced a continued year-over-year decrease in Allsec (phonetic) airline ticket sales. Furthermore, the shift in mix towards retail sales continued, as a result of website changes made in early 2005. This trend together with the growth we are experiencing in Europe, is driving a changing mix of business that will impact our earnings seasonality and ultimately, we believe, drive continued earnings growth. We are taking significant steps to strengthen our domestic business, particularly in air and hotels. Early this year we launched one of our most sweeping website redesigns, more ways to save. We have made the site much easier to use and there is a consistent look and feel and navigation among the products. We have added both content and functionality, all with the purpose of making it easier for customers to find a way to save that is best suited for each trip they take. To support the new look and functionality on the website, we launched a new advertising campaign. The TV ads show attractive vacation scenes against the backdrop of the upbeat song "Vacation," by the Go Go's. The ads also show the Priceline national savings counter, which calculates total savings achieved by Priceline's customers, since we started business at over $5.5 billion. The copy emphasizes that Priceline offers more ways to save than any other website. This focus on savings underscores what makes Priceline different from other leading online travel sights. With a full product lineup, improved content, and consistent web presentation we also believe Priceline is well positioned to continue building its online marketing programs. Conversion improvements experienced in 2005, allow us to step up our investment as does our opaque product offering on Orbitz. We recently announced the signing of a GDS services agreement with Sabre Group. While WorldSpan is and will be a search technology leader , and valued partner, the contract with Sabre gives Priceline an important alternative. This flexibility should help Priceline address the needs of its customers and airline suppliers in a time of substantial change in the relationships between airlines, technology providers, and the travel agent that sell the majority of the tickets for mainline carriers. As I have said in previous calls, the financial difficulties of the airlines, compounded by high fuel cost, will continue to present challenges for online travel players as airlines seek ways to reduce the cost of selling tickets to intermediary channels, and ramp their investment in driving traffic to their own websites. Priceline Europe is focused on the continued expansion of its business in rapidly growing markets on continental Europe. The consolidation and integration of management functions at Bookings BV and Active Hotels is largely complete. We are also making progress on the integration of the hotel inventory of Bookings and Active, although a full combination of inventory is still sometime off. Finally, we have started to drive European demand for U.S. hotels and U.S demand for European inventory. While we have a ways to go to build-out these services, the early indicators are promising. Looking back, 2005 was a transformational year for Priceline, as we completed the development of a full line of domestic product and repositioned our business and product offering and consolidated a leadership position for Priceline Europe and online hotel reservations. 2006 is off to a good start and our objective, simply put, is to be the leading U.S. online destination for value-conscious leisure travelers. And the number one online hotel reservation service in Europe. I will now turn the call over to Bob for the financial review.
Robert Mylod, Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Jeff. I want to give a brief review of our Q4 results, and then I'll finish with some forward guidance. I'll start with a couple of our top line metrics. Our gross bookings and our gross profit dollars grew at approximately 29% and 27% respectively on a year-over-year basis. The growth in bookings and gross profit exceeded the 25% growth rate that we guided to on our Q3 earnings call, primarily due to continued, very strong results from our European operations. As Jeff just mentioned, despite the fact we are comping against increasingly larger numbers in Europe, our organic growth rate in Europe actually accelerated on a quarterly sequential basis in the fourth quarter. Our European performance is illustrative of what we think, is a unique and winning strategy in an extremely attractive market driven by an outstanding management team. I'll say more in moment when we get to guidance, but suffice it to say we expect the impressive results in Europe to continue in 2006. As for our domestic results, as was also the case in Q3, our gross bookings grew slightly despite the fact that bookings from our opaque airline business and bookings from our restructured hotel affiliate relationship with Orbitz declined by approximately $16 million on a year-over-year basis. Bookings from retail services and continued strong rebound and rental car sales more than offset these declines. As for operating expenses, our advertising expense of $21 million came in at the low end of our guidance due to lower than expected off-line expenses. Our other operating expenses collectively, came in roughly $1.5 million higher than our previous guidance. The variance was driven by several factors. First and foremost, our personnel costs came in higher than expected due to performance related employee bonus expenses that were incurred in the quarter as a result of our over-performance versus our expected operating income. G&A costs were also higher than expected due to higher than expected legal expenses plus franchise taxes that we incurred as a result of the reversal of the reserve on our deferred tax asset in the third quarter. These expenses were partially offset by favorable variances with respect to adjustments that were made to our balance sheet accruals for credit card processing and charge-back costs, which had the effect of lowering our sales and marketing expenses. We reported pro forma net income of $0.28 per share, which came in at the high-end of our previous guidance and one penny better than first call consensus estimates of $0.27 per share. While I'm not going to give a full year recap of each of our operating line items, I do want to highlight the fact that our full year pro forma net income of $1.37 per share represented a 42% increase versus 2004, and completes a 3-year run during which we have grown our pro forma EPS by 78% on a compounded basis. We reported GAAP net income of $0.09 per share for the quarter. Our GAAP results were negatively impacted by approximately $6 million of acquisition related amortization expenses primarily associated with our acquisitions of Travelweb, Active Hotels and Bookings BV, $1.2 million of stock-based compensation expense, and $900,000 of income taxes that were booked against the deferred tax asset that was established in the third quarter. All of these expenses were non-cash in nature. As for cash and cash flow, we began the quarter with $175.6 million of cash and marketable securities, and we closed the quarter with $175.4 million of cash and marketable securities, representing a decrease in cash of $200,000 in the quarter. Our cash balances were affected by three significant items that I'll briefly cover. First, as you know we acquired Bookings BV during the third quarter, however, we spent an additional $1.6 million of cash during Q4 on post-closing adjustments and transaction expenses associated with that acquisition. Secondly, we used approximately $12.2 million of cash to buyback all of our common stock warrants held by Marriott. This transaction was done pursuant to the stock buyback program that our board of directors authorized and expanded following the announcement of our Q3 earnings. The warrant repurchase had the effect of reducing our diluted common shares outstanding by approximately 500,000 shares. And finally, cash was favorably affected by $3.5 million of proceeds from employee stock option exercises. Excluding the net effect of these three items our cash balances increased by $10.1 million during the quarter. Total capital expenditures in the third quarter were approximately $3 million. Now for a few comments on guidance. We're looking for total first quarter gross bookings to grow by approximately 30% on a year-over-year basis. We expect gross bookings in Europe of approximately $180 million to $200 million. We expect revenue to grow by approximately 5% on a year-over-year basis, we expect pro forma gross profit dollars to grow by approximately 20% to 25% on a year-over-year basis. As for Q1 operating expenses, we're targeting consolidated advertising expenses of approximately $30 to $32 million with approximately two-thirds of that amount being spent on online advertising. We expect sales and marketing expenses of between $9 and $10 million, we expect personnel costs to come in at between $12.5 and $13 million. We expect G&A expenses of approximately 6 to $6.3 million, information technology cost of approximately 2.6 to $2.8 million and depreciation and amortization expense excluding acquisition related amortization of approximately $2.6 million. We are targeting pro forma EPS of approximately 17 to $0.21 per share. Our pro forma EPS forecast includes an estimated cash income tax of approximately $200,000 to $400,000, comprised of alternative minimum tax in the United States and income taxes in Europe. As for expected GAAP results we expect to report GAAP loss of approximately 2 to $0.05 per share. The difference between our GAAP and pro forma results will be driven primarily by the inclusion of acquisition related amortization, stock-based compensation and certain income tax expenses, all of which are non-cash in nature. Our stock-based compensation expenses are expected to increase significantly in 2006 as compared to 2005, because of the required adoption of FAS 123R, which mandates that we expense the granting of employee stock options based upon their calculated option value at the date of grant. Specifically, FAS 123R will increase our stock-based compensation expenses by $1.5 million for the first quarter and approximately $6 million for the full year 2006. The substantial majority of these expenses relate to stock options that were granted in 2004 or earlier. While we're not going to give detailed line item guidance for the full year 2006, we are comfortable giving the following bookings and pro forma EPS guidance. We expect to achieve full year gross bookings of approximately 2.7 to $2.9 billion of which approximately 800 to $900 million is expected to be generated by our European operations. Finally we are targeting pro forma EPS of approximately $1.50 to $1.65 per share. GAAP EPS is expected to be approximately 55 to $0.65 per share as a result of the same non-cash items that will impact Q1, as well as the inclusion of 5.76 million shares of unissued common stock associated with our two convertible note offerings, that we are required to use in the calculation of GAAP EPS. These shares are not issuable unless our stock price reaches a level of approximately $40 per share. Before we open up the call to questions, I want to spend a brief moment to expand upon the remarks which Jeff made earlier regarding the seasonality of our earnings. I'll start by reiterating a few of the remarks that I made on our Q3 earnings call. As you may recall our Q3 results surprised many of our investors, because, they vastly exceeded first call estimates. Much of that over-performance was related to the intersection of seasonal factors and the revenue recognition policies of our retail services. As I mentioned on that call for our retail hotel service in general and our European hotel service specifically, we recognize revenue not when the customer books his or her reservation but rather when the customer checks out of his or her hotel room. Because the third quarter represents a substantially disproportionate share of full year travel consumption, customer room-night check outs were greater than customer room-night reservations booked in the quarter. Conversely in Q1, customer room-night check outs are less than customer room-night reservations as leisure customers tend to travel less in Q1, but they certainly do book a meaningful amount of their expected summer vacations during the quarter. From a financial perspective, this means that a meaningful amount of the retail bookings made in Q1 will not be recognized as revenue until future quarters. We experienced this financial phenomenon in last year's first quarter following our acquisition of Active Hotels; however, it will be much more pronounced in Q1 of this year, given the addition of Bookings BV and the full integration of retail products into the Priceline.com website in Q1. Specifically, the percentage of our gross bookings in Q1 that are subject to deferred revenue accounting is expected to jump from approximately 19% in last year's first quarter to approximately 35% in this year's first quarter. Which means that a much more meaningful amount out of our Q1 gross bookings won't be recognized as revenue until later in 2006. However, from a cost perspective, we expense all of our advertising activities in the period in which we generate the gross bookings, so as a result, our quarterly results are expected to become increasingly impacted by the mismatch between the deterred timing of our revenue recognition for retail products on the one hand and the current expensing of our advertising activities on the other. Again, to put some numbers against these words, our Q1 online advertising expense, which is substantially dedicated to the generation of retail gross bookings is expected to more than double on a year-over-year basis. As Jeff just mentioned, we think we with a big opportunity, especially in Europe, to expand our markets and take more share from our competitors. So we intend to invest heavily in marketing to support this goal. All of these expenses will be recognized in Q1, however, a significant portion of the revenues associated with this marketing spend will not be recognized until later in 2006. So what does all of this mean? It means that this mismatch between timing of revenue and expense recognition is expected to cause our quarterly pro forma net income results to become far more seasonable than in past years. While we will be solidly profitable in this year's Q1, both in the United States and Europe. Q1 will represent a much smaller percentage of full year earnings in 2006 as compared to 2005. Conversely, we expect Q3 to generate approximately 36 to 40% of our full year pro- forma earnings which represents an increase versus 2005. Finally I want to point out as I have done on previous calls, that all of our forecasts are based upon an assumption that we will continue operating in a consumer travel market that is roughly similar to the current one. And that any geo-political instability or terrorist event, particularly within the United States and in Europe would in all likelihood have a negative impact on the travel market in general, and our operating results in particular. And with that, we'd be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen on the phone line, if you have a question at this time, please press the “1” key on your touchtone telephone. If your question has been answered, and you wish to remove yourself from the queue, please press the “#” key. Again, if you have a question, please press the “1” key. Our first question comes from Scott Kessler from Standard & Poor's.
Q - Scott Kessler: Hi. Thanks very much. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the competitive environment. It's pretty obvious to a lot of us that in terms of specific OTAs there's a lot of activity in terms of both pricing and in terms of promotion. Obviously the vendors are getting increasingly active as well. I was wondering if you could talk about that and how you are addressing that issue a lot of us obviously understand that you have a slightly different strategy and value proposition. Thanks.
A - Jeffrey Boyd: Thank you. It is a very competitive market, and as I said in my remarks, there's no question that for the major suppliers, the national hotel chains, and the mainline airlines have all invested a significant amount of money in upgrading their websites and driving brand loyal customers directly there. Priceline, as you mentioned is a little bit different. Our opaque product and our packages product really are the core of Priceline's value brand and those products are something that the suppliers cannot and do not offer on their own website. So domestically speaking, I think we do have a little bit of a hedge against competition directly from suppliers and I think they value the business we drive to them on the opaque side to round out their revenue management. In Europe the environment is also competitive in the sense that there are a number of large online travel agents chasing after business and as well suppliers, but it's a little bit different on the supplier front because in the hotel business in Europe the supply is much more fragmented, much more of our inventory and our business involves secondary and tertiary cities and independent hotels who really do not have the resources to mount considerable pan European marketing efforts, and so we bring really valuable demand with them and we really are not in serious competition with their own direct distribution efforts. So I think we're also differently positioned in Europe for that reason.
Q - Scott Kessler: And if I could just follow up with another question. I guess a few days ago, late last week you guys announced the distribution agreement with the Sabre GDS and I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about why you decided to do that, when you would expect implementation to occur in full and what benefits you expect to derive from that relationship, thanks.
A - Jeffrey Boyd: Couple of principal reasons behind the transaction with Sabre, first is Sabre provides us with a redundancy in terms of an alternative, just in case there's technical or other problems at WorldSpan, and that's something that will make us all sleep better at night. Secondly, there's a lot of change going on in the arrangements between airlines and GDSs and travel agents and I refer to that in my prepared remarks and I think having a relationship with Sabre which is a leading both technology and distribution partner gives us just more flexibility to negotiate whatever changes may occur in the marketplace. And ultimately we want to be in the best position we can be to deliver low-cost distribution to our airline partners, and having a relationship with both WorldSpan and Sabre puts us in a much stronger position to do that over time.
Q - Scott Kessler: And when is implementation going to occur in full?
A - Jeffrey Boyd: We are not publishing any specific implementation date, but I can tell you we are working on implementation, and you know, I would not anticipate that there would be a long, long delay before implementation as perhaps might have been the case when Expedia signed with Sabre.
Q - Scott Kessler: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Barry from CSFB.
Q - Scott Barry: Just two questions. One, Bob, would you be willing to share the European net revenue number in the 4Q or alternatively could we talk about what striving the year-over-year increases in agency net revenue yield.
A - Robert Mylod: I'll give you the number. The revenue in international Europe was $22.6 million.
Q - Scott Barry: Okay.
A - Robert Mylod: And in terms of, you know, what is driving it, Scott, you know, I think, again, as I said in my remarks we're pursuing what we think is a very unique strategy relative to either our online competitors in Europe or our offline competitors which are a very big part of the market over there. We're pursuing a direct-connect technology with our hotel suppliers we're pursuing a commission structure that's far lower than any of our competitors and we're pursuing a working capital cash flow model with respect to our suppliers that's far more supplier friendly. I think that is the main reason for why we have a lot more hotels, we believe than any of our competitors and as we have also said a number of times, the more supply we get the more vibrant our offerings is from an online advertising perspective. So I think it's a combination of sort of business model, but then secondly I think the execution by our management team over there is really second to none. Both the management teams from Active and Bookings have integrated very well, we have created a sort of entrepreneurial structure over there where our management directly owns a percentage of the business of Priceline Europe. I think they're very, very focused on creating shareholder value for the Priceline shareholders, but also themselves, and again, I think it's a combination of all of these things that has put us in a position to be growing at rates faster than the market.
Q - Scott Barry: Great. Just one follow-up if I might. Could you share with us what you volume expectations are for the new Orbitz reciprocal marketing arrangement or could you just maybe comment on whether that could offset the restructuring that you have gone through in your merchant hotel business.
A - Robert Mylod: You know, I don't think we really want to get too specific with that the one comment I will make, Scott, is that the Orbitz arrangement this year principally benefits the airline ticket business, whereas the deal last year was really a retail hotel deal, so they are really two different lines of business.
Q - Scott Barry: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Noto from Goldman Sachs.
Q - Anthony Noto: Thank you very much. Jeff and Bob I apologize I missed some of the first couple of questions. So if any of these are redundant, just say that and I'll move on. Jeff I was wondering if you could talk specifically about the competitive environment. Your business versus competitors as it relates to net rates. I think you mentioned some things about the differences versus competition from the suppliers, but why are you not seeing the pressure on rates that some of your competition has even while you are entering the retail business. And then, Bob, secondly the Company has done a good job of improving returns either through creative acquisitions or capital structure and buy-back, you have an outstanding buy-back. The stock looks like it is trading about at 14 times conservative '06 numbers on your return on equity has been increasing quite dramatically. As you think about 2006 numbers, can you be more aggressive on the stock buy-back front or there are acquisitions that would cause you not to want to do that? Thanks.
A - Jeffrey Boyd: I'll answer the first question, and in terms of margin structure and the kind of pressures that some of our competitors have reported, if you think back to our retail hotel business here in the United States, it really started with Travelweb and Travelweb was built to be the hotel friendly distribution channel for published merchant hotel inventory. And as a consequence, we had a mix of business and a margin structure that was much more supplier friendly from inception, i.e. lower and therefore those margins have proved to be quite sustainable and on the European front as Bob mentioned before, our margin structures I think are significantly more reasonable than perhaps some of our competitors and we really have not seen a lot of pressure from the hotels bringing those margins down, and in fact I think if you look at our reported results from Europe, it's indicated that they are going the other way, so we're a little bit different there on the capital side I'll let Bob address that one.
A - Robert Mylod: Yeah, Anthony at the end of the third quarter our board of directors sort of looking at the results that we were going to deliver for the rest of '05 and certainly the way we were looking at '06 felt comfortable increasing our authorized amount. It was increased by $50 million. Probably for the last year and a half there really has been very few opportunities for us to actually be in the market to buy our stock because we were pursuing the acquisitions of Active and Bookings. But in Q4 that was not the case, and we were buyers of our stock essentially we view that repurchase of the Marriott Warren is essentially buyback of our stock, and we were buyers of our stock at prices north of $24. I think that's hopefully demonstrative of we have a generally bullish view of our business prospects. I wouldn't want to put a number out, there of what we're targeting to buy, but I think as long as we sort of view Priceline stock as a good investment, you know, we certainly have the cash on hand to buy more stock in the open market, and we obviously also expect to be generating significant cash flow in 2006.
Q - Anthony Noto: If I could just ask two quick follow-ups, Bob. The first is I definitely understand the change in the business and how that hurts the revenue recognition. Could you give us a sense of not net bookings, but where the revenue would have been in terms of growth in the first quarter if you didn't have that change in revenue recognition. And Jeff if you could elaborate on the rate question as it relates specifically to air as well. Thanks.
A - Jeffrey Boyd: Let me try the first one, and Bob reserves the right to jump in and tell you guys to ignore what I'm about to say. I think it would be very, very hard for us to unwind the revenue recognition piece of it, but we did give a number to try to quantify the increase in the online advertising expense, and if you are trying to somehow quantify the mismatch, I think the thing that we could point you to is to look at the increase in that number and try to understand that increase in relation to our overall advertising span and the level of the business and that could give you some idea of what the impact of the mismatch was.
A - Robert Mylod: Yeah. I wouldn't add too much more to that other than obviously, gross bookings and growth in gross bookings is a leading indicator of what we ultimately will trickle down the income stream.
Q - Anthony Noto: Right.
A - Robert Mylod: Now your gross profit dollars are not expected to grow as fast as gross bookings in Q1, so I wouldn't necessarily want you to say, look at your gross bookings and say that's what it otherwise would have been, because I don't want to get into an exercise of trying to look at our business in a different way. We already have enough sort of pro forma adjustments to our numbers, I wouldn't want to create any more confusion around that, but suffice it to say we certainly believe we're generating a lot of bookings right now that we'll recognize as revenue in Q2 and Q3.
Q - Anthony Noto: Thank you.
A - Robert Mylod: Anthony your second question.
Q - Anthony Noto: I was wondering on when you made the comments on contracting rates of competition, now that Priceline is centered on hotels, and I was wondering if you could comment on the air business. I know your traditional opaque air business does not have a commission you need to spread, but your retail air business is now facing rate pressures as others have or are you at a low enough rate that you are not seeing that?
A - Robert Mylod: No, I think if you look at prepared text I have gone through in the last couple of calls, I've always said that the airlines are trying to drive their distribution costs down, and that really is referring to the GDS economics that we enjoy as part of our overall margin on airline tickets. That has been under pressure and we expect it to continue to be under pressure. What makes Priceline different from the others is we do have a book of opaque business and packages, a well rounded relationship with the airlines that allows us to try to come up with, sort of wholesome arrangements that cover all three and put our business in a position to continue even though we might be taking a little bit of a hit on the pure retail ticket sales.
Q - Anthony Noto: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Aaron Kessler from Piper Jaffray.
Q - Scott Kessler: Great, thank you. Good quarter, guys. Couple of questions for you. Can you give us a little bit of an update on how this Travelweb and retail air businesses performed. Also any sense or what, how much opaque air business declined in Q4 and avocation for 2006. And also in terms of opaque U.S. business for hotels, it looks like you may have gained some share in the U.S., I want to get your sense of that as well.
A - Robert Mylod: Let me start there and if I don't cover everything, Aaron pop back in..
Q - Scott Kessler: Okay.
A - Robert Mylod: The TravelWeb business, and I think I mentioned in the last couple of calls that the retail hotel business on Priceline has been growing very nicely, and that growth comes principally from two places. The first is a much more prominent appearance on Priceline's own website, which started with shop and compare links in the spring of last year, and now even more prominent than that with more ways to save. And the second is, because we have had better conversion with our new content and online channels our online business for Travelweb has increased. So, if you take out the Orbitz deal which represented significant volume, those changed last year as we previously disclosed, the retail hotel business on Priceline has more than doubled in each of the last 3 quarters. So I think that's a success story. On the opaque side, in the hotel business, some of that growth in retail has been at the expense of the opaque products, so I don't think it would be a fair statement to try to look at the retail product or the opaque product in isolation, and saying that we were taking or losing share in either opaque or retail, because of the integration on the website, I think, you really have to look at total hotel sales, and while I think we made significant share gains in total hotel sales in Europe in the last quarter, I don't have perfect information domestically, but I certainly would not try to make that same claim domestically. I think our progress in the United States has been steady in hotels, but not necessarily stellar and one of the things, one of the strong motivations behind more ways to save in the new advertising campaign is to really get a consistent positioning for the product and give us a much more flexible platform to merchandise the great deals that we have across all of our products, and we're hopeful that that will help not only air package and rental car sales but hotel sales as well.
Q - Scott Kessler: A quick follow-up question if possible
A - Robert Mylod: Sure.
Q - Scott Kessler: On your Priceline Europe side, do you have a number for the pro forma bookings in 2005, and what is your sense for how much marketing you have devoted so far to Priceline Europe, and how much increase are we going to see in that?
A - Jeffrey Boyd: If you are asking for the pro forma, if you mean the organic bookings counterpart trying, related to the growth rate we gave you.
Q - Scott Kessler: Right, exactly. 2005 we had bookings and active for the whole year, I guess what the bookings could have been.
A - Jeffrey Boyd: We have not given out that number, Aaron, but we will continue to sort of update that organic growth rate on a go-forward basis until we have fully comped against the acquisition.
Q - Scott Kessler: Okay.
Operator: And our last question comes from Mark Mahaney from American Technology Research.
Q - Mark Mahaney: Okay. It's with Citigroup. Two questions, please. One is there was some comments made by one of your competitors about resurgence in tour operators in Europe. Have you seen that, have you seen that they not necessarily effect your business, but have you seen that across the board? And secondly I know you talked about maybe slightly greater than expected spending in offline advertising, just have you seen anything materially different in the prices that you are paying for search advertising? Thank you.
A - Robert Mylod: Maybe I can take the first one, because presumably you are referring to Expedia's call last night, Mark.
Q - Mark Mahaney: Yeah, thanks, Bob.
A - Robert Mylod: Yeah, I think that there was really a discussion of the European market and basically it's just a statement of fact that in Europe more than in the U.S., the tour operators have sort of ruled that business for, basically as long as, you know vacations have been around. I didn't necessarily glean from that they thought tour operators were making a resurgence necessarily.
A - Robert Mylod: Now, you may see evidence that tour operators are spending more time and effort trying to build online capabilities. And the I think that's right, but I think that when you look at our business, which is a hotel only business, the impact of those efforts is going to be less on us, than on somebody who is trying to sell air, hotel and packages, the way some of the competition is. And in terms of the pricing for online search, I think that we have benefited from improvement in our conversion, so our overall cost per customer acquired last year was reasonably steady, given the significant increase in volume that we experienced, and for those who know something about search, you buy keywords at a certain cost, and if you want to increase your volume, you can pay more to get higher placement in the search engines, but the cost for all of the business that you get can tend to go up. We have been able to drive an increase in our business more through conversion last year than through increasing the price we're paying for giving search terms.
Q - Mark Mahaney: Thank you very much.
Operator: I show no further questions at this time, I would like to turn the conference back over to you, sir.
Jeffrey Boyd, President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you all very much for attending our call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program, and you may all disconnect, and have a wonderful day.
