===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-08 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Expedia Group Q1 2025 Financial Results Teleconference. My name is Alex, and I'll be the operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] For opening remarks, I will turn the call over to SVP, Corporate Development, Strategy and Investor Relations, Harshit Vaish to begin. Please go ahead.
Harshit Vaish: Good afternoon, and welcome to Expedia Group's first quarter 2025 earnings call. I'm pleased to be joined on today's call by our CEO, Ariane Gorin; and our incoming CFO, Scott Schenkel. As a reminder, our commentary today will include references to certain non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are included in our earnings release. Unless otherwise stated, all growth rates are on a year-over-year basis, and any reference to expenses exclude stock-based compensation. We will also be making forward-looking statements during the call, which are predictions, projections or other statements about future events. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Actual results could materially differ due to factors discussed during this call and in our most recent Forms 10-K, 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we do not undertake any responsibility to update these forward-looking statements. Starting this quarter, we will also be webcasting an earnings deck while going through prepared remarks. A copy of this deck will be posted online after the call. Our earnings release, earnings deck, SEC filings and a replay of today's call can be found on our investor relations website at ir.expediagroup.com. And with that, let me turn the call over to Ariane.
Ariane Gorin: Thanks, Harshit, and thank you all for joining us today. In the first quarter, we posted bookings and revenue within our guidance range, growing 4% and 3%, respectively. This was at the lower end of our range due to weaker than expected travel demand in the US and into the US. We beat on bottom line with 16% EBITDA growth and 90% growth in earnings per share. We delivered these results through solid execution and disciplined cost management while continuing to make progress on our strategic priorities. Booked room nights grew 6% with low single digits in the US, mid single digits in Europe, and mid-teens in the rest of the world. US demand was soft, driven by declining consumer sentiment and we saw pressure on key inbound US corridors. While in the last year we've made strides in growing our consumer business outside the US, our high US mix resulted in 1% bookings growth for our consumer business. In contrast, our B2B business, which has a heavy international presence, posted 14% bookings growth, another strong quarter of above industry performance. Similarly, our advertising business delivered a robust 20% revenue growth. Within consumer, Expedia continued to be our fastest growing brand, with room nights up 7%. Vrbo grew modestly for the third consecutive quarter and Hotels.com slipped back into negative territory due to softer US demand and foreign exchange headwinds. We remain focused on what's in our control, improving every day on the basics of our business and executing against our three strategic priorities. First, deliver more value for travelers. Second, invest where we see the greatest opportunity for growth; and third, drive operating efficiencies and expand margins. As I'll discuss, AI is amplifying our efforts across all three of these. Let me start with how we're delivering more value to travelers through our supply and products. In February, we became the first online travel agency to list Southwest Airlines inventory. The early results have been great and exceeded both our and Southwest's expectations. One-third of travelers booking Southwest tickets on Expedia are new customers to us, and our hotel partners are benefiting from this new demand, offering package rates and deals to bundle with Southwest. This is a great example of our supply flywheel. When we add new supply in flights, we bring on better supply in hotel, both of which create more traveler value and translate into new customers. Similarly, in Europe we launched Ryanair across most points of sale. We've seen strong traction so far and around 75% of travelers booking Ryanair on Expedia are new to us. In addition, we continue to enhance our lodging supply, adding more member rates, more deals and more flexible rates. Our March sale produced nearly twice as many bookings as last year, with a record number of hotels participating, driving value for both travelers and our supply partners. On product, we've shipped new features to help travelers identify great deals amid our broad inventory like flight deals on Brand Expedia and property price insights on Vrbo. We continue to inject AI into our product experiences like AI powered property Q&A filters and property highlights to make shopping and booking easier. We're also leveraging AI beyond our own products. We're partnering with AI search companies to ensure our brands show up well across customer queries and building new experiences to connect with travelers outside our ecosystem. We're live with OpenAI's operator and we're a launch partner with Microsoft's Copilot Actions. And today, we're launching Expedia Trip Matching in early access on Instagram, allowing travelers to seamlessly build an itinerary based on an Instagram reel and then book directly on Expedia. These innovative features, supported by our rich first party data and coupled with our full marketplace, bring travelers back to our brands. Now moving to the second pillar of our strategy investing, where we see the greatest opportunity to drive growth. Our B2B business continues to grow by double-digits driven by our supply technology, commercial incentives and new partnerships. We're adding new B2B specific hotel supply and optimizing how our B2B partners ingest and sell it. This is another powerful flywheel. We're also expanding product features and points of sale, exploring partnerships with AI native companies and selectively investing in commercial incentives to profitably drive volume and share. Finally, B2B is a geographically diverse business, so as we grow, we're diversifying our overall geographic mix. On advertising, we grew revenue 20% by adding more partners, optimizing our existing products and shipping new products. We signed a record number of $1 million plus deals for our display offerings and grew active hotel partners and sponsored listings by 22% to our highest level ever. Last quarter we launched video ads and are seeing a two-times increase in click through rates and we're making it easier for advertisers to manage their spend with us through AI driven bid optimization and automation. We see a lot more opportunity ahead as we continue to innovate in advertising and B2B. Turning to our consumer business. While our overall growth isn't in line with our ambitions, we are seeing good performance in our areas of focus. Brand Expedia is scaling multi item trips and driving more attach and in Q1, we saw record high attach rates for insurance. On Vrbo, our work over the last few quarters to improve our offering for shorter stays is paying off. Nearly a third of Vrbo growth came from the multiunit inventory we added last year. Finally, our plan to reinject Hotels.com with a refreshed value proposition is on track. In late April, we launched a new visual identity and new product capabilities like hotel price insights and alerts. We look forward to sharing even more later this year. Now moving to the third pillar of our strategy, driving operational efficiencies and expanding margins. In Q1, we delivered over one point of EBITDA margin expansion. We're taking a surgical approach, looking at areas where we can simplify our organization and improve our effectiveness. We've eliminated roles and removed layers, and we're seeing good results from deploying generative AI to streamline our operations across technology, commercial and marketing teams. We're also looking at every dollar of spend, including in our loyalty program. Active loyalty members grew mid single digits and we continue to see the fastest growth from our Silver, Gold and Platinum members. At the same time, we're tuning the loyalty program by brand and by geography. Last month we removed the always on earn for our Blue tier loyalty members on Vrbo. While we see healthy returns from our discretionary loyalty spending, the base earned for Blue members didn't drive sufficient repeat to justify the cost and resulting pressure on Vrbo's revenue. As we closely evaluate spend, our highly variable cost structure enables us to proactively adapt to market demand, and we'll be opportunistic about investing where we see attractive returns. In closing, while none of us can predict with certainty how the economy will evolve, we do know that people will always want to travel. I'm confident that we're well-positioned to continue delivering for our travelers, partners and shareholders regardless of the demand environment. Now Scott, over to you.
Scott Schenkel: Thank you, Ariane and good afternoon, everyone. I'm excited about the progress Ariane highlighted on our three strategic pillars and there is more that we'll share next week at EXPLORE, our partner conference. As Ariane indicated, we posted top line results within our guidance range with booked room nights up 6%, gross bookings up 4% and revenue up 3%. Our B2B and advertising businesses had another strong quarter of growth with B2B bookings up 14% and advertising revenue up 20%. B2C was more pressured given its US heavy mix and saw bookings up 1%. Finally, we delivered on the bottom line ahead of our guidance with strong EBITDA margin, expansion of over a point and non-GAAP EPS up 90%. Now on to the details. Booked room nights grew 6% to $108 million. This was primarily driven by B2B which grew 20% with strong international performance, particularly in APAC which grew 30%. Brand Expedia also posted healthy growth of 7%. Average daily rates were 214, down 1%, although up 1% on an FX neutral basis. Another one quarter of air ticket prices growing in Q4 of last year declined in Q1. Total gross bookings of $31.5 billion were up 4%. In February, when we discussed guidance, we called out two points of headwinds in Q1 gross bookings due to foreign exchange and one point due to leap year. FX came in roughly one point better than anticipated as the US dollar strength softened in the back half of the quarter. However, we saw a couple of points of headwind from the macro environment which more than offset the FX benefit. In particular, demand in the US was softer than expected which was a headwind given two-thirds of our business comes from the US point of sale. We also noticed softness in demand for inbound travel into the US which was down 7%. As part of that, inbound bookings from Canada fell nearly 30%. Revenue of $3 billion grew 3%. We had one point of headwind to Q1 revenue growth from the Easter timing shift to Q2. In addition, we had a three-point headwind from foreign exchange, roughly one point worse than expected. The foreign exchange impacted Q1 revenue differently to gross bookings as revenue is driven by gross bookings from prior quarters that were more materially impacted by the strong dollar, as well as those in the current quarter. In terms of performance by product, lodging bookings of 23 billion grew 5% while lodging revenue of $2.3 billion grew 3%. Non-lodging bookings of $8.4 billion grew 2% while our advertising revenue of $174 million grew 20%. The advertising business continues to be a powerful growth engine with strong growth prospects ahead as we launch new ad solutions and increase adoption. Moving on to our segment's top line performance. B2C gross bookings of 22.6 billion grew 1%. The deceleration from Q4 was driven by the pull in of demand into Q4, foreign exchange and the leap year impact, all of which were anticipated. However, the previously mentioned US market softness was pressure on the quarter. Brand Expedia remained our strongest growing consumer brand. Hotels was under some pressure in the quarter in part due to higher FX exposure given its international mix. Vrbo bookings remained positive for the quarter and grew in line with the market in the US. B2C revenue declined 2% driven by the Easter shift to Q2 and FX pressure. B2C EBITDA margins were 11.1%, roughly in line with last year. B2B gross bookings of 8.8 billion grew 14% materially above the market, although decelerating sequentially. We had anticipated deceleration given the strength of Q4 leap year in foreign exchange, but there was some additional pressure from the macro related headwinds. B2B revenue grew 14% in line with bookings. B2B EBITDA margins were 22% -- 22.8% up over 200 basis points, mainly driven by volume growth. Our B2B segment continues to benefit from our strong product differentiation, solid execution and stronger international exposure, particularly in APAC as I mentioned earlier. Moving on to profitability. We delivered first quarter adjusted EBITDA of $296 million with an adjusted EBITDA margin of 9.9%, expanding by more than one point driven by B2B. We also delivered $0.40 of EPS at 90% versus the prior year, largely driven by B2B and advertising growth and share repurchases. Moving on to our cost structure. Cost of revenue was $354 million which was flat year-over-year, reflecting ongoing efficiencies, particularly in customer service and leveraging 44 basis points as a percentage of revenue year-over-year. Direct sales and marketing expense in the first quarter was $1.8 billion, up 6% and slightly deleveraging as a percentage of gross bookings driven by the growing B2B mix. As a reminder, commissions paid to our B2B partners are included in the direct sales and marketing expenses for B2B. For B2C, the business was nearly flat on marketing leverage as we continue to invest towards international expansion and growing Hotels.com, and Vrbo. Overhead expenses were $604 million, a 1% decrease, resulting in approximately 90 basis points of leverage, benefiting partly from the restructuring actions we took late last year and earlier this year. Our more recent restructuring this quarter to further simplify our organization will drive more overhead savings for the rest of the year and be a key factor in our margin expansion goals for the year. Overall, in a more cautious consumer environment, our disciplined cost control supported profitable growth. Moving to our balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $6.1 billion of unrestricted cash and short-term investments. In February we successfully closed on a $1 billion debt refinancing, maintaining our total debt of $6.3 billion and a leverage ratio of 2.1 times. We remain committed to maintaining debt levels consistent with our investment grade rating. One aspect of our capital allocation strategy is to return some of our free cash -- strong free cash flow to shareholders by repurchasing stock and issuing dividends. With that in mind, we reinitiated and continued our quarterly dividend of $0.40 per share and accelerated our repurchases versus the prior quarter, buying back $330 million or 1.7 million shares in the first quarter. Going forward, we expect to offset dilution and opportunistically repurchase additional shares, which in total should be roughly in line with levels we repurchased over the last couple of years. Turning to our outlook. Given our performance to date in the continued macroeconomic uncertainty in the US and into the US, we expect our second quarter to deliver gross bookings growth of 2% to 4% and revenue growth of 3% to 5% with approximately 75 to 100 points basis points of EBITDA margin expansion. Our gross bookings guidance does not assume a material impact from foreign exchange. Our Q2 revenue guidance reflects the benefit of Easter, providing a one-point tailwind to revenue growth and an estimated two points of foreign exchange headwinds at current rates given the dynamic explained earlier with regards to timing of GBV translating to revenue. As we consider the same factors for the full year, we are revising our guidance for gross bookings and revenue. Our updated guidance is 2% to 4%. We expect foreign exchange to drive a one-point headwind to revenue at current rates with no material impact from book from FX to bookings. At the same time, we continue to focus on profitable growth and are raising our bottom-line guide to roughly 75 to 100 basis points of EBITDA margin expansion for the year, up from 50 basis points that we mentioned on the last call. The actions I discussed earlier will aid in driving this. In summary, we remain focused on driving long-term profitable growth while maintaining disciplined capital allocation. Our execution and strategic initiatives position us well to navigate the evolving environment and continue delivering shareholder value. Let me now open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Anthony Post of Bank of America. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
JustinPost: Great. Thank you. Thanks for taking my question. It's Justin. A couple questions. Just on the marketing spend. Obviously, you're beating EBITDA. Are you kind of at your ROI frontier and could you have spent more to drive higher bookings? And then second, Ariane, could you talk about the Hotels.com turnaround? Are you feeling more optimistic that you're making positive change there? Thank you.
Ariane Gorin: Why don't I start with the first one and then I'll hand it over to Scott for the second one? On Hotels.com, look, I feel optimistic. I mean, I've always believed that this is a brand that travelers love. This is a brand that was heavily impacted from the period a couple years ago when we did a migration, and we changed the loyalty program and we've got a great leader in there. As I said, we relaunched the brand a couple weeks ago with a new visual identity, a new mascot. There's actually been some nice positive -- I'd say positive momentum behind that the last couple weeks and we have some good things coming in the back half of the year. So, it's a brand that people love. We need to be targeted at which countries are we growing it in? Where are we growing it in? And I feel good about where we are.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah. On the sales and marketing costs, we spent about a $1.8 billion in Q1. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, this slightly deleveraged by about 11 basis points. By BU this was flat in B2C approximately four points of deleverage while the rest of it was mixed impact from B2B growing faster. As far as for the full year trend, we'll maintain our focus on profitable growth, investing in marketing where profitable growth opportunities exist or reducing costs where they do not, where we think about it for the rest of the year.
Ariane Gorin: And Justin, let me just come back to the end of my answer. Am I happy that Hotels.com was not in growth in Q1? No. Do I feel good about the plan that the team has in place going forward? Yes.
JustinPost: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Deepak Mathivanan of Cantor Fitzgerald. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Deepak Mathivanan: Great. One for Ariane and one for Scott. Ariane, can you discuss Expedia's opportunity to kind of manage maybe macro headwinds if it gets worse? How do you think about the sensitivity that the B2B business has compared to B2C? And then on the B2C side, are there things in your control that you can help hotels with, perhaps by doing more bundling or pricing adjustments that you can maybe help manage demand? And then maybe, Scott, on the margins guidance for the full year being revised up, how much of this is already from the efforts that you have done compared to more things that you can do over the next few quarters, it gives you confidence about the margin guidance for the year. Thank you so much.
Ariane Gorin: Thanks. So, let me take the first one on how our business is set up, if macro headwinds get worse. As you said, we've got a very strong B2B business which is quite diverse geographically. It's diverse not only geographically, but also by segment. So, it's exposed to corporate travel, to leisure travel, to travel bundled with airlines. Really, we sort of run the gamut of partners. It's a profitable business. We tune the levers really well in that. So, look, obviously nobody can predict what's going to happen, but that's a really well diversified business. And then on your question about what can we do to help our hotel partners? By the way, it's our hotel partners, it's also our car rental partners and the like. The beauty of working with Expedia Group is that supply partners will get access to demand in consumer and in B2B. And we have a lot of ways for them to do that, whether it's through member rates, whether it's mobile rates, targeted rate, geo targeted rates. Packaging is a big strength of ours. And what we often see is that hotels really like to participate in the package pack because it tends to be longer length of stay, longer booking windows, lower cancellations. And many of those are opaque. So, they don't impact one of the hotelier's public revenue management strategy. So, we've got a lot of data. Our teams are working with supply partners every day to help them fill their rooms and fill their airplane seats. Now I'll turn it over to Scott for the second part.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah. I think the way we think about the one point, the 75 basis points to 100 basis points of margin expansion, the employment actions that we took over the last really four or five months helps achieve that. We have more work to do as it relates to working on discretionary costs, balancing marketing for the rest of the year. And that's what gives us confidence that we can deliver the 75 to 100 basis points.
Deepak Mathivanan: Great. Thanks, Scott. Thanks, Ariane.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Naved Khan of B. Riley Securities. The lines now open. Please go ahead.
Naved Khan: Great. Thank you very much. Curious if you can share any color on the -- in terms of monthly trends, if April and week to date into May kind of stable, or are you continuing to see consumer weakening? And when you talk about sort of consumer softness, what exactly is that? Is that booking window changes? Is that length of stay or the consumer trading down, any kind of color or commentary there would be great. And then the second question I have is around the social opportunity. You mentioned Instagram videos as an opportunity. How should we think about the ROIs on the channel and how large it can get for you? Thank you.
Ariane Gorin: Let me take that one first and then Scott and I will take the second one together. Social as a channel is -- it's an important channel for us. We know that people are going more and more to social to get travel inspiration. And it's been multiple quarters that we've been working to make sure our brands are showing up well and that we're getting good returns on the marketing spend there. What I announced today is actually, I mean, it's a great trip planning feature because what we realized is that people were watching reels and then they wanted to share them or they wanted to figure out how to build an itinerary from it. So because of the relationship we had with the partner, we were working with Instagram in this case, we were able to create a product that was came from an insight of customers wanting to share. And then in one click, we'll give people an itinerary, it'll give them recommendations and then allow them to book with us. So, what I think is exciting, whether it's with social or any of these new AI players, is figuring out how do we show up sort of in a paid way or in their organic results. But then also are there new ways that travelers would want to interact where we can make sure our brands are there? So that's the first one. On the second one in terms of what we're seeing in the demand environment, because we said we saw a slowdown in the first quarter, both US domestic and inbound. April was somewhat softer than March, especially in the US driven in part by Easter timing. Yes, we're still continuing to see pressure on travel into the US, but we've also seen some rebalancing. So, Europeans are traveling less to the US, but more to Latin America. We're also starting to see a shift to lower ADR rate plans, so whether travelers are going from refundable rates to non-refundable rates. So, it's not a star rating shift, it's more of a rate plan shift. And it's also starting to see hotel partners providing more discounts. So, obviously, we can't predict with certainty how this is going to evolve, but we know that we're well-positioned to serve the demand that's out there.
Naved Khan: Thank you.
Ariane Gorin: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Trevor Young of Barclays. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Trevor Young: Great. Thanks. First one, just on experiences and attractions, that category is getting a bit more attention with a clout from booking holdings and Airbnb relaunching their effort next week. Can you speak to your own efforts and experiences? Is that something that you're increasingly focused on or an area of investment that you want to put more dollars to work going forward? And do you see an opportunity to be particularly unique or differentiated there? And then second question, Scott, just to the employment actions that you alluded to, can you speak a bit more to that in terms of size, in terms of either number of employees impacted or potential savings from that effort, and whether any of that is getting reinvested. Thank you.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah, absolutely. Why don't I start there? So, since last year we restructured approximately 4% of our employees. And we've also reduced our contractor population by about 7%. So, in addition to the cost there, we also expect us to simplify our model, speed up our efforts and prioritize what we're working on. So, we feel good about what we've done as it relates to the margin dynamics for the company. We do expect to reinvest some of those savings back into the company, somewhat in the form of lower cost locations and somewhat in strategic initiatives. Net-net, we expect about $75 million over the course of the next three quarters to benefit our EBITDA for the next -- as I said, for the next three quarters.
Ariane Gorin: And then on the activities question, I think of it in the context of, in particular of Brand Expedia and our B2B business. Brand Expedia is the travel superstore. And as people go on trips, they want to have an activity often. So, we think about how do we use activities as a way to attach to the full trip. Now it's a growing business for us. We talk a lot about it as a team of where are the areas we do want to double down. As I said, one of our three priorities is investing where we see the best opportunities for growth and attach. And the complete trip on Expedia is one. But I don't have anything to share right now about a particular investment on activities.
Trevor Young: Thank you both.
Ariane Gorin: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Eric Sheridan of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks so much for taking the question. I wanted to go a little bit into the AI theme that you talked about in the prepared remarks. We're coming up on roughly about a year from the last Explore event where you talked a lot about AI and how it could change both the internal running of the company and elements of how AI might change the consumer interfaces across your brands. What do you see as the biggest strategic investment you want to make in AI looking over the next 12 to 18 months and maybe talk a little bit about how that might change the consumer funnel in terms of travel activities or what your current base case is for that going forward. Thanks so much.
Ariane Gorin: Okay. Thanks for the question. I just start by saying it is an incredibly exciting time. I mean, AI, it's -- it feels like it's -- when the mobile was here. AI is changing everything and we see it as an accelerator across our business. I've talked about it as sort of four ways we think about it. How are we using it in our products, how are we using it to drive traffic to our brands, what new partnership opportunities do we have? And then how are we using it to make our teams more effective? So, let me just talk about each of those. In terms of enhancing our products, over the last year we have our AI assistant, but we've also made huge progress on using AI in the traveler shopping funnel. So, using AI to summarize reviews, using AI to highlight certain features of properties. And so, what we found is it's great in the existing funnel once they're in the product, as well as having an AI chatbot that can someone chooses to interact with it on their own, they can. I think what's exciting going forward is thinking about how do you do both of those together? So, someone's in the AI chat experience and then they want to seamlessly get into the native flow. And our teams are working on that. It's moving very quickly. So that's sort of in our product funnel. And as I said, it allows people to go between the two flows. In terms of driving traffic to our brands, we all see that people's search behavior is changing. People may be going to ChatGPT or to other of these native AI players. So, we need to make sure that our brands are showing up well there. Those companies are quickly evolving what they're doing. So, how do we make sure we're there. Both in the organic search, but also with these agentic experiences with operator and others. So, I don't know where that's going to go. I know our teams are sort of working deeply with those partners and what we found is no matter what, because travel is complicated, the idea of being able to buy from a brand that's a well-known brand, that's got all the supply, that's going to service your booking well, gives me confidence that bringing traffic over from there is attractive for our brands versus the worry that people are just going to book somewhere else. I've talked about identifying new partnership opportunities. I think the ecosystem is evolving very quickly, and we've got this great asset with our B2B team and our B2B assets. And then finally on the effectiveness of our teams, our developers are getting quite a bit of time back. Our sales team is actually increasing their win rate by using GenAI technologies to coach them, to give them tips and just to make them more effective. And our marketing team is using Generative Creative AI both to make their marketing more effective and also to save time. But I would really just say it feels like we're still very much at the beginning of this.
Eric Sheridan: Great. Appreciate it.
Ariane Gorin: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Conor Cunningham of Melius Research. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Conor Cunningham: Hi, everyone. Thank you. Just I want to talk a little bit about the booking curve. Just given the environment. Can you just talk about how that's looking right now. Are you seeing hesitation further out in the curve, and then there's just a lot more close in demand. Just trying to understand that. And then secondly, can you just talk about your international rollout, how that performed during the quarter relative to your core? And just how you're seeing supply there and just kind of mark us on the international rollout. That would be helpful. Thank you.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah. On the booking dynamic, I wouldn't call out anything that's unusual versus what you've already heard. In terms of the pressure that we saw kind of in addition in Q1 and what we referenced for Q2 and the rest of the year. Effectively what we saw is a step down in both intra US and into the US dynamics that we mentioned. If we double click a little bit on that, we're looking at US NBV inbound to the US is down about 7% and specific quarters like Canada are down nearly 30%. Now that in greater context of things is less than a point of growth just for the intra -- into the US, but it gives you a dynamic of what we're seeing underneath the covers and that dynamic you see in the intra US dynamic. But I wouldn't call out anything different intra quarter that to your question.
Ariane Gorin: No. And we're seeing some slight expanding in booking windows for hotels, but the booking windows are declining in vacation rentals. So, it's sort of a mixed picture. In terms of the international rollout, I mean I start by just reminding us that the B2B business, very international. Scott talked about the 30% room night growth in Asia. So that's going well. For the consumer brands, we're very focused on which geographies does each of our brands in particular Expedia and Hotels.com already have good brand awareness and where we have strong supply and product, and then investing surgically there. What we found for Brand Expedia, for example, is that in Western Europe and three of the big Western Europe countries, we're growing room nights at mid-teens. Last year we launched two new points of sale in the Middle East and while they're off a small base, they doubled quarter-over-quarter. So, we're seeing progress there. Hotels dot com, stronger in the Nordics, but again, it's off of a smaller base. So, it's something we're invested in. We want to grow, but we're going to make sure that we do it surgically.
Conor Cunningham: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Ariane Gorin: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jed Kelly of Oppenheimer. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Jed Kelly: Hey, great. Just circling on Vrbo. You said it grew in line with the vacation rental industry. Can you just talk about a summer travel season? If you do have less US people go abroad to Europe. And then how are you thinking about with Vrbo in terms of your brand spend at year-end, and is that committed or can you pull back if the back road deteriorates? Thank you.
Ariane Gorin: I would just say Vrbo is also a very US concentrated brand. And as I said, it's the third quarter in a row where we've been growing. Even if it's softer because the US demand was softer. We've been focused on improving the product and improving the quality of our supply. I talked about how the work we're doing on shorter stays and the like. But we're obviously keeping a close eye on what's the market demand and what are the returns that we're getting for our marketing spend. And we can adjust that along the way.
Jed Kelly: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Lee Horowitz of Deutsche Bank. Your lines are open. Please go ahead.
Lee Horowitz: Great. Thanks. So, we know you guys aren't guiding B2B versus B2C, but sort of the updated guidance perhaps suggested your B2C business could perhaps go negative this year. We know the US market is a bit softer, but that doesn't seem to be the expectations from a lot of others in the industry. So, can you maybe just unpack that a bit more and help us understand what's driving some of this differential. And how you see the path back to getting the B2C business back towards mid single digit growth.
Scott Schenkel: First, why don't we start with -- I'll just reframe kind of what I heard here and then you can talk about the future. Let's talk Q1 for a second. Q1 effectively goes went from four -- we're at 4% in Q2 we're going 2% to 4%. We don't talk about the mix of businesses, but with PLS at or B2C -- B2B at mid-teens growth, I think we feel pretty good that we're going to be -- when you do that math, slightly lower than we were in B2C for the next quarter. Now where that goes, we'll see. We've got growth anchors, growth benefiting from advertising. We've got other things that we're working on. So, I don't feel like we start with that. It's going to be hugely negative, but I think it's definitely going to be pressured as we think. And it's going to depend a bit, as we said, on intra US and into the US as we've talked about.
Ariane Gorin: And to add to that, it's also going to depend a lot on pricing. Right? As Scott said, in the first quarter we saw ADRS actually go negative in part due to FX. We saw air ticket prices go down. So, some of what we're guiding toward is also related to pricing. But I would just come back on our B2C business. A year ago when I took this role, I said we need to have strong brand value propositions for all three of our brands. We need to invest in the areas that are differentiated for us and make sure that where we are invested, it's paying off. Expedia's got a great flywheel going. Obviously, all three of the brands faced into the softer US market. But Vrbo and Hotels.com, we are still making sure we've got strong value propositions that travelers have a reason to come back, and we're adding lots of features in the product for that. So, of course, I wish these things happened overnight. But we've got three big brands we believe in and a great product and tech and marketing team behind them.
Lee Horowitz: Maybe one follow up on loyalty too, if I could. Obviously, Ariane, you made a number of changes to the loyalty program since you've been there, both at HCOM and now Vrbo. I guess, how has sort of the return you've gotten on loyalty writ large evolved during your time? Are you getting the kind of repeat behavior that you want? And strategically, how are you thinking about loyalty growing forward? Is it still core to sort of your overall growth plans and the way that you want to build this business?
Ariane Gorin: So, first, I'd just start by saying loyalty is incredibly important. As I said, our Silver, Gold and Platinum members, they account for almost half the room nights in the US and they're growing faster than any other part of the business. So, let me just start. Loyalty is important. When we launched one key almost two years ago, it enabled us to create tiered member deals. Those Silver, Gold, Platinum member discounts. And it's a very powerful common currency across the brands. We're looking for -- we're always looking for new ways to deliver value to all of our loyalty members. And the tweaks that you've seen or the changes that you've seen us make are really around sort of the always on earn. Right? We changed it for Vrbo Blue because when we looked at the numbers for we realized that that investment -- that always on investment of 1% of one key cash wasn't making a difference or wasn't making enough of a difference when people were booking on Vrbo. And so that investment probably better used elsewhere. Same thing when I stopped the rollout of the loyalty program outside of US and UK because what I realized was that loyalty program was a big differentiator for Hotels.com. And once you took it away, it really diluted the value proposition. So, what we're looking at is what are the things that matter to travelers? It's probably different by brand. And then where are the areas we're working with our supply partners to help them lean into the loyalty value proposition with the discounts and then where are the things that we're going to fund ourselves? And that's still a work in progress. But I feel good about the couple decisions that we've made. I think we're having a better idea of where the returns are and making sure it's -- as I said, it's part of our third strategic priority of expand margins by making the best use of every dollar.
Lee Horowitz: Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question for today comes from Doug Anmuth of JP Morgan. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. This is [indiscernible] on for Doug. Thanks for taking the questions. First on your B2B performance. So, could you unpack that a little bit? I know you talked about Asia exposure being a benefit there, but you also did mention the travel into the US seeing softness. So, wondering if B2B has any exposure to that. I guess if people are changing their destination based on what's happening in the US. And then, secondly, on your advertising business, also a very good performer for you guys. Wondering if you guys are seeing any impact of the softness in the US on your advertising side as well. Thank you.
Scott Schenkel: Yeah. Why don't I take ads? As we called out in the prepared remarks, our ads business continues to be super powerful, and we're excited about its growth prospects as we look forward. Obviously, with a tougher B2C performance in the quarter, it's going to take down a little bit of the growth. But I think they did a great job working through those dynamics and we see growth accelerating hopefully in the future. And particularly with its new ad solutions and platforms like video and AI driven bid optimization that Ariane talked about, there's a ton of opportunity to increase adoption and expand with our supply partner base. So, double-digit growth rate should be achievable and we feel good about that going -- really good about that going forward.
Ariane Gorin: And then on the B2B business, there's still -- a good portion of the B2B business that originates in the US with US partners and that part of the business also experienced pressure in the same way that other that our consumer brands did. We've got B2B partners that are in Canada and their business into the US was also impacted. But as you can see, it's a pretty globally diversified business and that's why it was able to sustain the double-digit growth.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I'll now turn the call back over to CEO, Ariane Gorin, for any further remarks.
End of Q&A:
Ariane Gorin: So, I just want to thank you all for joining the call today and for all of your questions. We delivered results within our guidance range this quarter amidst softer US travel demand, thanks to our strong execution, disciplined cost management and the global reach of our platform. Against the backdrop of an uncertain macro environment, we're laser-focused on what's in our control and pushing forward our strategic priorities. I want to thank our global team for their work and dedication every day to helping travelers have successful trips and build lasting memories. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-06 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Expedia Group Q4 2024 Financial Results Teleconference. My name is Alex, and I'll be the operator for today's call. Thin keypad. If you change your mind, please press star followed by two to cancel your request. For opening remarks, I will turn the call over to SVP, Corporate Development Strategy and Investor Relations, Harshit Vaish. Please go ahead. Good afternoon, and welcome to Expedia Group's fourth quarter 2024 earnings call. I'm pleased to be joined on today's call by our CEO, Ariane Gorin.
Harshit Vaish: And our incoming CFO, Scott Shankel. As a reminder, our commentary today will include references to certain non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are included in our earnings release. Unless otherwise stated, all growth rates are on a year-over-year basis. And any reference to expenses exclude stock-based compensation. We will also be making forward-looking statements during the call which are predictions, projections, or other statements about future events. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions which are subject to risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Actual results could materially differ due to factors discussed during this call, and in our most recent forms 10-K, 10-Q, and other filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we do not undertake any responsibility to update these forward-looking statements. Our earnings release, SEC filings, and a replay of today's call can be found on our Investor Relations website at ir.expediagroup.com. And with that, let me turn the call over to Ariane.
Ariane Gorin: Thanks, Harshit. And thank you all for joining us today. I want to start by welcoming Scott Schenkel as our new CFO. It's great to have him on board, you'll hear from him shortly. Our fourth quarter results exceeded our expectations. With room nights, gross bookings, and revenue all growing double digits. This top-line strength reflects our continued strong execution, along with better than expected travel demand. Our disciplined cost management and top-line outperformance resulted in strong EBITDA growth with margin expansion. Bookings for the consumer business accelerated for the third consecutive quarter to 9%, up five points sequentially. Each of our core brands, Brand Expedia, Hotels.com, Vrbo, saw bookings growth. Our B2B business had a stellar quarter. With bookings growth increasing five points sequentially to 24%. And our advertising business posted yet another strong quarter with 25% revenue growth. Travel demand remained healthy in Q4 despite price increases in hotels, vacation rentals, and air. Like last quarter, international demand was stronger than the US, with booked room nights growing high single digits in the US low double digits in Europe, and high teens in the rest of the world. Our B2B business continues to benefit from this strong international demand, especially in APAC. And in our consumer business, our global expansion efforts continue to show solid progress. With bookings growth outside the US accelerating four points sequentially. Within our consumer business, Brand Expedia remains strong with room nights growing mid-teens. Air on Expedia notably improved driven by higher ticket prices, continued package product improvements, and new merchandising capabilities. For Hotels.com, bookings returned to slight growth driven by momentum in international markets. And for Vrbo, bookings growth accelerated sequentially as well. With improved traffic and conversion. Global active membership in our loyalty program grew 7% in Q4. And our twelve-month member repeat rate was also up over 300 basis points year over year. Across our three core brands, nearly 50% of room nights came from silver, gold, or platinum members. These higher-tier members receive additional benefits such as member discounts. Which are funded by our supply partners and help to drive loyalty to our brands. Our strong fourth quarter results contributed to a solid full year 2024. When I stepped in as CEO last year, we set an ambition to bring Vrbo and Hotels.com back to growth while extending our strengths in Brand Expedia, B2B, and advertising, and being disciplined in our costs. While we have more work ahead, I'm proud of how our teams delivered against this call to action and built momentum over the course of the year. Bookings growth in our consumer business accelerated every quarter in 2024. From negative 3% in Q1 to 9% in Q4. B2B bookings grew 21% for the full year. We've grown bookings from existing partners through strong account management, great inventory, and new product features, and had our best year ever in production from New Parkins. Overall, B2B accounted for 27% of our bookings last year, and we've cemented our leadership here. Our advertising business or sorry. Our advertising revenue grew 32% in 2024 and drove 5% of our overall revenue. We onboarded more advertisers to our platform, launched new ad types like video, and introduced new tools for partners to manage their campaigns, all of which are resonating strongly with our advertisers. As a reminder, advertising is a high margin, high growth business. And we see a lot more opportunity to innovate. Supply is at the heart of our business. And we made great strides last year in improving our supply through technology investments, stronger partner relationships, and everyday efforts from our commercial teams. We're sourcing more traveler benefits, whether through member deals package discounts. We've released new functionality around merchandising, have improved the quality of our vacation rental supply. All of these are great for travelers, delivering valuable and targeted demand to our supply partners. As we move into 2025, we have three overarching priorities. Building on our progress from 2024. First, deliver more value for travelers. Second, invest where we see the greatest opportunity to drive growth in each part of our business. And third, continue driving operating efficiencies and expanding our margin. I'll share more color on each and then talk about how AI will help us across all three. Let's start with our first priority of delivering more value for traveler. Already today. We create effortless, personalized, and rewarding experiences for customers. We do this through our supply, which deals travelers can only get through us and bundles and savings that we can uniquely create. We also do it through our industry-leading customer service, and innovative products and features that travelers want. And in 2025, we're going to do even more. In supply, more member rates beyond hotels and more targeted offers. In servicing, more self-service options both in the product flows and in the virtual agent experience. And, of course, in product. All powered by deep insights and data that enable personalized experiences that travelers trust. Moving next to our second priority, We'll invest where we see the greatest opportunity to drive growth in each part of our business. In our consumer business, this means focusing on our three biggest brands, having clear sharp value propositions for each of them. For Expedia, for example, that's building on our strength as a one-stop shop and focusing on differentiators like packages, while scaling newer products like vacation rentals.
Harshit Vaish: Our consumer business is still heavily weighted to the US,
Ariane Gorin: And while we made progress in 2024, looking ahead, we'll continue to push internationally in a targeted way. In our loyalty program and marketing, we'll be even more targeted in our spending. For example, looking deeply at where we see the biggest impact from our loyalty earn. And in B2B, it's about forcing unique supply for our B2B partners, testing new products, and signing new deals, and deepening our commercial partnerships. And finally, our third priority is to continue driving operational efficiencies and expanding our margins. We were disciplined in our cost management in 2024. And that allowed us to expand profit margins while reinvesting in strategic areas. We believe we still have room to deliver further efficiencies across our variable costs and fixed cost base. To expand our margins even farther. AI is an accelerator for all three of these we've only scratched the surface. As we look ahead, we're exploring the many ways AI will unlock even more value in our product. We're already seeing evidence of how AI is driving better experience across the discovery, shopping, and post-booking journey. In turn are driving loyalty and growth. Going forward, we'll continue to test and release AI-generated features to further personalize our traveler experience. AI also opens new possibilities to drive traffic to our brands as consumers increasingly search in new Gen AI native Experiences. And we're ensuring that we meet them where they are. And for our B2B business, the AI the AI native travel startups that will inevitably emerge present new partnership opportunities for. Finally, we see tremendous opportunity to use AI to allow our teams to move faster and be more productive. It's not just about cost reduction. What's even more exciting is how it will enable our teams to spend more time where they can have the biggest impact.
Ariane Gorin: We're excited about the potential
Ariane Gorin: and are seeing early results across customer support, technology, marketing, and our commercial teams. Really across all parts of how we operate our business. So in closing, we're pleased with our fourth quarter performance and the momentum we've built over 2024. And we believe that in 2025 and beyond, we have a substantial opportunity to drive even greater value for our travelers, Partners. And shareholders. With that,
Scott Shankel: over to you, Scott. Thank you, Ariane, and good afternoon, everyone.
Scott Shankel: I'm excited to join Expedia Group, and I look forward to partnering with you and the team to help deliver our priorities. Let's get started. Wrapped 2024 with a strong fourth quarter, both financially across many of the operating metrics. Room nights, gross bookings, and revenue all grew double digits with EBITDA margins expanding nicely. Total gross bookings was $24.4 billion grew 13% with a five-point sequential acceleration in both B2C and B2B. With a better than expected demand environment and strong operational execution. We had a particularly strong post-Thanksgiving promotional window where bookings during this period were the our highest ever. Lodging gross bookings grew 12%. Which includes our hotel business growing 14%. And and continued acceleration at Vrbo. Outside of our lodging business, we also saw notable strength in our air business, driven by higher air prices, growth in multi-item packages, our new merchandising capabilities. Revenue of $3.2 billion grew 10% led by our B2B business, which grew 21%. Revenue growth accelerated seven points from the third quarter primarily driven by Vrbo's bookings momentum throughout the year translating into stays and further improvement into Hotels.com. Gross margin was nearly 90% for the quarter, up 125 basis points. We are pleased to see our ongoing initiatives continue to deliver transactional efficiencies particularly in customer service. Direct sales and marketing Up 13%. Leading to flat leverage as a percent of gross bookings. This was over 20 basis points of sequential improvement driven by continued efficiencies at Brand Expedia. As I noted earlier, Brand Expedia did benefit from the merchandising as they resulted in bookings without any incremental marketing expenses. Overhead expenses were $643 million. A decrease of 1% resulting in nearly 250 basis points of leverage. This was primarily driven by lower people cost in products and technology, from our actions in 2024 as well as overall strong expense control. We remain committed to driving efficiencies across our P and L and we're pleased to see another quarter of strong overhead leverage. We delivered fourth quarter EBITDA of $643 million up 21% with an EBITDA margin of 20.2% an expansion of 175 basis points. This was better than expected due to both the higher revenue growth and effective expense management. We delivered $338 million of EBIT with a margin of 10.6% up 280 basis points. This was a hundred and fifth a hundred and five basis points greater than EBITDA margin expansion. Driven by lower stock-based comp And ongoing depreciation leverage. Turning to the full year results. We posted gross bookings of $111 billion
Ariane Gorin: up 7%
Scott Shankel: and revenue of nearly $14 billion also up 7%. Underpinned by a notable recovery throughout the year in our B2C business and continued strength in B2B our advertising business. While we decided to invest in market to accelerate our B2C business, we feel that was net beneficial to the business, and we paid for this by being financially disciplined driving gross margin improvement of 170 basis points and overhead of approximately 140 basis points. As a result, EBITDA margin for the year was 21.4% an expansion of approximately 60 basis points. This strong earnings growth enabled us to generate another year of robust free cash flow at $2.3 billion up 26%. Driven primarily by higher EBITDA growth in deferred merchant bookings, and lower capital expenditures. Moving to our balance sheet. With the strong cash flow ended the quarter with $4.5 billion of unrestricted cash and short-term investments. In late January, we notified the holders of our May 25 debt tranche that we will pay those notes in February. We continue to actively manage our balance sheet with the goal of maintaining debt levels consistent with our current investment grade rating. As a result and subject to market conditions, we intend to refinance and maintain our target leverage ratio of two times. As part of our disciplined capital allocation strategy, we repurchased $1.6 billion or 12.1 million shares in 2024. This combined with the shares we have repurchased since we reinstated the program a little over two years ago, as a result in over $4 billion or 36 million shares repurchase. So in summary, a solid year with a strong Q4 finish. Moving to our first quarter guidance. We expect our first quarter gross bookings growth to be in the 4% to 6% range, and and revenue growth to be 3% to 5%. This reflects approximately two points of foreign exchange headwind at current rates and the impact from lapping leap year and in revenue, the Easter shift to April. In Q1, we expect EBITDA margin to be flat to slightly better year over year, As a reminder, the first quarter is our lowest EBITDA quarter causing margins to be highly sensitive. Moving to the full year guide. We expect our 2025 gross bookings and revenue growth in the 4% to 6% range which is roughly in line with 2024. Factoring in the two points of negative FX impact. On the bottom line, we will continue to optimize our cross track to deliver efficiencies. And as a result, we expect to deliver another record year of EBITDA with margin expansion of 50 basis points year over year. With strong performance on EBITDA and cash flow, we will continue to buy back our stock opportunistically approximately $3.2 billion remaining on our share repurchase authorization. Additionally, today, we note we announced that we are reinstating our quarterly dividend starting in March of 2025 with a dividend of 40 cents per share which is approximately a 1% annual dividend yield. So in closing, we remain focused on delivering long-term profitable growth while being disciplined capital allocators. I'm confident with our strategies for growth and and strong ongoing execution, we will continue to deliver shareholder returns in 2025 and beyond. Let me now open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Keypad. If you'd like to remove your question, you may press star followed by two. Our first question for today comes from Mark Mahaney of Evercore ISI. Your line is now open. Please go ahead. Thanks. I just want to ask about, Vrbo and
Mark Mahaney: Hotels.com, the recovery that you've seen, the improvement recovery for HCOM and and the ongoing improvement for for Vrbo. Just just talk about the sustainability of those into next year. What were the what were the initiatives that you think really started turning those businesses around so help us to have confidence that that that's gonna continue into 25. Thank you very much.
Scott Shankel: Okay. Thanks, Mark. Let me start with Vrbo.
Harshit Vaish: You.
Ariane Gorin: We did a lot of work in 2024 on product supply, and marketing. And that all three of those drove the acceleration through the year, and I do want to take a minute to thank the teams for that because it was it was a big task to do it. We are cognizant of the fact though that Vrbo you know, Vrbo with Hotels.com was meaningfully disrupted during the replatforming. And we lost travelers that were still winning back. On product, we put back some features that we had lost You know, Vrbo also benefited from some of the platform capabilities like dateless search or property comparison, but we chain supply in particular, and we've got some exciting plans coming in in 2025 around both of those. So I would just say, especially on product and supply, we know there's more work ahead. We're gonna continue leaning in we see the best returns and pulling back where the returns aren't as strong. When it comes to Hotels.com, you know, that one was also that brand was also pretty meaningfully impacted with not only the tech migration, but also the change in the loyalty program. And pulling back in international. You as I said, we we you have come back to modest growth at the end of the year. And the team has some big plans around really reinvigorating that brand that we'll see come to life in 2025. So I would say all up, we've got conviction in these two brands. We know there's still a bunch more work to do, but we feel good about where we are right now.
Scott Shankel: Okay.
Operator: You very much.
Ariane Gorin: Thanks.
Scott Shankel: Thank you. Our next question comes from Justin Post of Bank of America.
Operator: Line's now open. Please go ahead.
Ariane Gorin: Great. Thank you. Looks like Q1 guidance has some decent
Mark Mahaney: could you talk about and other issues. Any any headwinds early Q1 that that you're thinking about And then just longer term on margins, you know, fifty bps know, nice improvement year over year, but but where you are versus peers, it looks like there's a lot of room there. How how are you thinking about you know, longer term and and what you can do with margins versus your peers? Thank you.
Scott Shankel: Let me start with that Q1 guide. First off, You know, as I said in my script, the the bookings growth is four four to six percent. Factoring in two points of FX headwind. And about a point lapping leap year So, you know, if you look at that, that's roughly seven to nine percent. Excluding those two realities. Yeah. When when nothing appears to be travel environment to your question, We have seen some softening relative to Q4, which was strong as we pointed out. And our latest guide reflects that. And in light of strong some strong holiday promotions in December, we also believe there may be some there might have been some pull ins of some of the January bookings. So we think all of that kinda brings us to the the four to six percent. We feel pretty good about that. Pivot to revenue growth, just to kinda close out the point, I'm sure Our guide at three to five percent reflects some some added pressure from lapping last year. In particular the Easter timing shift. So you take three to five percent plus two point foreign exchange plus a point from leave here and roughly a point from Easter. Where the where the kind of rate very equivalent to last year is the way we think about it. Maybe I'll take a shot at margins Look, I think a half a point of margin in two thousand twenty four And a half a point in margin in twenty five, a nice one point is a good start. And I think we're we're doing it in a way that balances growth, make sure that we we we handle what we need to with marketing and make sure that we keep traffic and the demand up. And we balance the the forward looking needs for overhead and make sure we take reduce that. And I think you've seen both in two thousand twenty four and twenty five overhead come down and realized some nice leverage in the cost structure. Alright. I don't know if if you know anything else. Thanks, Justin. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Deepak Mathivanan of Cantor Fitzgerald. Line is now open. Please go ahead.
Scott Shankel: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. Arian, just wanted to dig
Harshit Vaish: little bit deeper into the B2B side. What's driving the strength in APAC? Can you also talk about kinda, like, the roadmap of new partnerships and what would be the primary growth drivers as we think about 2025 for the B2B business. And then, Scott, great to hear from you again.
Deepak Mathivanan: Maybe I'll just ask you to expand a little bit on the margin comment You know, last year, you guys had cost saving efforts that helped with margin expansion. This year, you know, whether you should still see fixed cost leverage, But what is the high level strategy beyond, you know, achieving fixed cost leverage? Maybe also in terms of how you're thinking about marketing investments and so on. Any color you can add about different line items that should help with the leverage would be super helpful.
Operator: Thanks again.
Ariane Gorin: Yeah. Thanks, Deepak. So on on B2B, the couple of things that are driving the strength in APAC is one, Yep. The partnerships that we have there, we're adding new partnerships We have some deep long standing partnerships. And fact that the markets there are growing well, so the partners that we're working with r Growing in line or faster than the market, and we're able to win share with them. So typically, what we do is you'll sign a partner, You'll have you'll get some of their business, and then over time, as you deepen the relationship, as we put in place sort of new new strategies with them, we're able to windshield. So that's really what's going on in APAC. And then in terms of B2B for this year, as I said, it's really a formula of Yeah. What can we do with our existing partners as they are growing You know, what new inventory can we put in with them? You know, where can we have our inventory surface more? It's also signing new partners and testing you know, we're gonna be testing some new product In market. I also wanna make sure everyone understands the importance of supply. The quality of our supply is so critical in growing that B2B business, and you we've over the last couple of years, done a lot of work in being able to get some supply that is particularly relevant to some of our B2B partners. Just on the margins, maybe I can pick it up for Scott as well, is we're we're not gonna break out the different pieces, but clearly, we see opportunities in a number of places We just wanna make sure that we maintain the ability to invest in the areas that we see good long term growth. During 2024, we talked a number of times about how we were leaning in international markets, we were leaning into Vrbo, maybe in ways where it wasn't as, you know, good a short term return as we might get elsewhere. But we we believe we need to have that ability to balance sort of investment for the long term and also, you know, remain committed and disciplined in our margin expansion.
Deepak Mathivanan: Great. Thank you very much.
Ariane Gorin: Thanks, Deepak. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Naved Khan of B. Riley Securities. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Harshit Vaish: Great. Thank you very much.
Deepak Mathivanan: So I remember you guys added some inventory of to verbal. I think it was apartment type of inventory. Or roughly a million properties. Wondering if you have any any color to provide in terms of how that
Harshit Vaish: that inventory performing relative to expectations? And as you think about 2025, is that the type of inventory you're will try to kind of add to Vrbo or or it would be more of call homes.
Deepak Mathivanan: And the second question I have is really just around the
Harshit Vaish: the advertising revenue. So this 25% growth really is strong, and wondering how sustainable that is into into 25.
Deepak Mathivanan: Thank you.
Harshit Vaish: Yep.
Ariane Gorin: Okay. Thanks for the question. On the Vrbo inventory, as you said, we added a million properties. These were a lot in urban areas. They're always properties that aren't shared spaces that have no host. There there were a number of apartments. And, you know, I'm not gonna say specifically how they're doing other than to say that you know, did contribute to, you know, Vrbo's recovery. As we look to supply in 25, it's not only about adding new supply, but also how do we make sure that the supply that we have you know, has flexibility, has great cancel policies, has maybe longer you know, different promotions and the like. So you know, when we think quality of supply, it's not only in the number of properties, but it's also in know, rate types and flexibility. In terms of ad revenue, you're right that the last multiple quarters, we've been growing that very quickly. You know, we still see a lot of road ahead. Whether it's getting more advertisers into our products, into our auctions, because, you know, we work with tens of thousands of hotels and other partners around the world. Whether it's innovation in the products themselves, so that, you know, the advertisers are getting better returns and we're able to monetize, or new ad types in our brands. So the team has quite a road map ahead. And, you know, they're very focused on driving more value to our partners and also doing it in a way that's positive for our travelers.
Deepak Mathivanan: Thank you, Aiden.
Ariane Gorin: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Trevor Young of Barclays. Line is now open.
Scott Shankel: Great. Thanks. Ariane, in the prepared remarks, I think you mentioned
Trevor Young: potentially partnering in AI. You expand on that? And you know, do you view using some of those applications as a potential customer acquisition channel, for Expedia. Whether you'd be a supply partner for them, And then, relatedly, you know, does that shape how you think about some of the investments in Romy AI and other AI capabilities in house? And then second question with us, Bigar getting or potentially getting acquired, any thoughts on how that changes your outlook for Laban and your partnership there?
Ariane Gorin: Yep. Thank you for the question. Yep. I would say in AI, I would really think about it sort of in in three buckets. The first bucket is how are we using AI to make our products better? Whether it's for travelers or for partners. And we've we've been doing it for a couple of years. There's obviously a lot more to go. But we need to make sure that when travelers come into our brands, a, they wanna start there with their search, and they're getting a delightful experience that makes them wanna come back. Same thing with our partners, whether it's through onboarding or, you know, things we're doing in advertising. How do we use all of the great developments in AI in our products? The second is looking at changing traveler behaviors. You know, as I, you know, remarks, you know, travelers are going to start to search in different ways. And so we need to make sure that know, our brands are showing up in those new places where people are using Gen AI native search. And, you know, fortunately, we've got a very Tech sophisticated marketing team that's making sure that we do show up there. And then there's the question of if there are these native AI travel start ups Could we go partner with them, and can we go power them? And that's why to me, if I think about all three of those, we see opportunities across the board. We wanna make sure that we're really on the front foot. And, of course, in all of that, I'm not even talking about how are we using AI for our internal uses. In terms of Latin America and Despergar, I would say it doesn't change our perspective on LatAm. You know, Despergar is a great partner for us. We have our own brands in LatAm, and and, yeah, we have a number of partnerships there as well.
Scott Shankel: Great. Thank you.
Ariane Gorin: Thanks, Trevor.
Harshit Vaish: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Conor Cunningham of Melius Research. Line's now open. Please go ahead.
Scott Shankel: Hi, everyone. Thank you. Think you saw some nice leverage on the marketing side. Could you just talk about the the the tact changes that you're making there and just you know, if that's aiding in in just, like, underlying growth in international markets and whatnot. And then I think you mentioned in in the prepared remarks just merchandising and better cross selling of product. Can you talk about that a little bit more? How's bundling, you know, been, and and, you know, what's your expectation for that in the twenty five in general? Thank you.
Ariane Gorin: Yep. Thanks for the question. Just on on marketing, we've talked over the last, I think, year and a half about how we've been looking at marketing loyalty and our sort of promotional spend look at all three of those together to say where are we getting the best returns and which of those works the best in which place. And the teams are getting more sophisticated on understanding that understanding those returns both by brand and by geo. So I would say it's not really a tactical change. I mean, it's just it's continuing down that path of better understanding returns and being able to to to act. Decisively when we see things. And can expect more of that in the year to come. Yep. Some of the international growth also came from work we've done in packages. I've talked about sort of you know, work on the package product, also on promotions. So And some countries tend to be more package heavy countries than others. So that's helped us in the growth. We do see that when travelers buy multiple items, from us they're more likely to repeat. And so we know that we give travelers a great deal when they buy a package from us, or when they, you know, buy one thing and then add something else on. So they're getting a good deal and we know that it drives repeat for us. So that would say, has been in the Expedia brand's DNA. Thanks. The beginning, is something we continue to lean into.
Scott Shankel: Appreciate it. Thank you. Thanks. Bye bye.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jed Kelly of Oppenheimer. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Mark Mahaney: Hey. Great. Great. Thanks for taking my question.
Deepak Mathivanan: Two, if I may. Just just looking at your full year guidance for twenty five, one would assume it implies some type of deceleration in your B2B segment. So can you just give us an update, you know, how we should think about B2B in twenty five? Then I was a little surprised. You're saying your margins are gonna be flat in one Q. I figured you were comping last year where you pulled back on some purple advertising in one Q.
Scott Shankel: So can you just give us an update on how you're viewing your advertising around verbal? Thank you.
Ariane Gorin: Sure. Why don't I take take that and then you weigh in?
Scott Shankel: The first off, like we talked about, FX is a headwind for the year as well. So if you index off the revenue growth, I'll start there. At three to five percent. You got two points ahead when from from the foreign exchange. Got a little for Q1, and you have a little bit of an Easter shift as well from from the comping of Easter in in really getting pushed out to to the second quarter. So that pressures revenue as well. So you're really looking at a range factoring in those three items to seven to nine percent, roughly just fill it out. So, yes, the deceleration, but some of that we're factoring in is really driven by some of the dynamics that we talked about with regards to seeing what we've seen in the first few weeks of January. So without rehashing that, we factored that into the guide You were gonna say something? And then I was just gonna add on the Vrbo question. It was really in Q4 three.
Ariane Gorin: That we pulled back significantly in the advertising on Vrbo because that was the time that we were going through the migration. So that just
Scott Shankel: Alright. And margin wise, you're roughly flat. Think what's well, it's leaving enough room for us to make sure that we can redeploy marketing as we talked about very much in line with what Arian just said a minute ago. As well as continue to get the leverage out of overhead and some of the other cost buckets but leaving room for the for the investment as we see fit to drive growth.
Harshit Vaish: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Lee Horowitz of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Mark Mahaney: Great. Thanks so much for taking the time. May you know,
Scott Shankel: maybe one on margin. Appreciating you guys, you know, won't break out the pieces of the margin guide. I know in the past, we've obviously talked a lot about marketing leverage. Can you maybe help us understand if you expect to get marketing leverage in twenty five? Is that an input to that fifty bps margin? Or are there other sort of areas of fixed and variable cost efficiencies that can drive this kind of margin? No. I think to reflect a roughly half a point, we're not gonna have margin expansion for the year. We're not gonna get into the different line items. We'll explain them as we go through the year.
Operator: But I appreciate the question and understand why you're looking for that.
Scott Shankel: Okay. No worries. And then then maybe just on Vrbo, any comments you know, obviously, pointing towards a little bit of a slowdown in the 1Q relative to a strong 4Q. Any comments on Vrbo quarter to date trends? And maybe just like your outlook for for where Vrbo can grow sort of longer term. Particularly relative to a market that, you know, is maybe growing low to mid single digits.
Deepak Mathivanan: Do you think you guys can outpace the market for quite some time? And what do you see as the key differentiators to do that?
Harshit Vaish: Yeah. So and we're not gonna give sort of
Ariane Gorin: directional guidance on on one of the brands, but I can say is, you know, we believe that Vrbo has a differentiated value proposition of being, you know, a vacation rental pure play. Where there's no host and it's whole homes. Again, we recognize that know, there it it hasn't know, had some of the investments or some of the investments whether it's in product supply and the like until last year. And, you know, we believe that there's there's a lot of gross that we can get from it. At the same time, I would argue we're still testing what are the things that work the best, whether it's around marketing spend, the loyalty program, You know, we're learn we've learned a lot in the last year in particular regarding the loyalty program us what are the returns from various things. So I think you will find in the year to come That a, we'll continue to be investing in the brand, as I said, across marketing supply and product. And that will make decisions based on what we need to do in order to grow grow it. But we completely have conviction.
Deepak Mathivanan: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Kopelman of TD Securities.
Operator: Line is now open. Please go ahead.
Scott Shankel: Great. Thanks a lot. And, Scott,
Mark Mahaney: congrats on the start.
Deepak Mathivanan: Yeah. I just wanted to ask you about capital returns philosophy.
Mark Mahaney: If you can give us any more color on first, I guess, how you're thinking about share repurchases your philosophy there. And then with the re institution of the dividend, how you're thinking about the size of that dividend over time, and where it falls with your capital returns. Thanks.
Scott Shankel: Yeah. Absolutely. Let me just start with the basics around capital allocation. So we talked about in the script about repaying some of the debt. And we plan to refinance that if market conditions are favorable. So we'll remain committed to the target leverage ratio of of two times. Buybacks specific to those, we remain a capital it remains a capital allocation that a priority for us. In twenty four alone, as I covered, we we bought back twelve million shares. For a billion six. And while the pace of these buybacks can vary quarter to quarter, With over three billion remaining in our current repurchase authorization, we'll continue to be Specific to Dividends what I'd say is let's start with forty cents and let's see how the how things progress from there. Obviously, part of this is making sure that we have a dividend for income investors that wanna be invested in our stock and thresholds. So it's really important that we do that. And it was important for us as a company as we think about having to have turned off dividend during the the during COVID to bring it back is important for our shareholders and our overall capital allocation methodology. And thought process. And and then I think it's also important you know, we have room in our capital structure to invest in the business, including m and a if the opportunity opportunities present themselves. So it's it's important to keep that flexibility. I think with a really strong stock buyback, with the with the the allocation that we have, a strong dividend coming out of the gate of one percent we feel pretty good about where we're gonna go and what we're doing.
Mark Mahaney: Thanks. That's really helpful. And just maybe a follow-up on your comment there. With kind of the core consumer brands
Operator: doing better
Mark Mahaney: does that change the way that Expedia is thinking about larger acquisitions and whether it would be a time to to add another brand into the fold
Scott Shankel: Look. I think look. I'm coming in new here, but I think any time a company is at our scale and our our our technology base. Should be in the market and looking at m and a. And I think they've been and will continue to be I don't know if, Arianne, you have any other I mean, like you said, we obviously we have a team that's that's looking at deals.
Ariane Gorin: Right now, we're continuing to be focused on running the brands that we have growing the B2B business, the advertising business, and continuing to have strong returns.
Deepak Mathivanan: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Anmer from JPMorgan. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Scott Shankel: Great. This is Deane on for Doug. Thanks for taking the questions. I have two. First one, could you share your views on the overall travel
Deepak Mathivanan: demand in four Q? I think two It's only twenty five travel season. And if there were any particular regions in four Q or you might have been taking share, and any impact from the appreciation in the US dollars. And then secondly, we're curious if you have any update as well on your loyalty strategy in twenty twenty twenty five, particularly in markets of tomatoes. The US and UK.
Ariane Gorin: Sorry. Can you repeat that last? I didn't hear the last bit.
Deepak Mathivanan: So we're curious about your you have any updated thoughts on your loyalty strategy. In twenty twenty five, particularly in the markets outside of the US. And the UK?
Operator: Okay.
Ariane Gorin: Yep. Thank you. So just in terms of the travel environment, as we said, the travel environment was very healthy in the fourth quarter. And while we've seen some softening in January relative to Q4, as I said, you know, some of it we think is is pull forwards from the strong Thanksgiving promotions, There was FX pressure. There's some moderation in prices, but we don't think anything has structurally changed and that the environment is healthy. In terms of regions where we're taking share, I shared in my prepared remarks that our room night growth was higher in international markets than in the US, and we believe that a number of those markets, we are taking share. In terms of the impact from the stronger dollar, obviously, as Scott, you know, Scott shared the impact of that on our guidance, But what it also means is that over time, stronger dollar Makes it more attractive for Americans traveling abroad. And whenever there are opportunities around that, our teams are always looking at how can we help travelers understand when there are good deals for them. In terms of our loyalty strategy in twenty five outside of the US and UK, As you all may know, we paused the rollout of OneKey after the UK. And so what our teams are now working on is taking the learnings we've had from One Key, where we know that it's been a net positive for Expedia. It's been a drag on bookings for Hotels.com. And for Vrbo, it's driven new travelers from cross sell, from people who have earned On expedienthotels.com. Then redeeming on Vrbo, but we're still assessing the impact of the always on earn on Vrbo So we're gonna take all of those learnings and then look by brand and by geography we need to do in loyalty. We'll share more in the year to come.
Deepak Mathivanan: Got it. Thank you. Thank you.
Operator: At this time, we'll take no further questions. So I'll hand back to CEO, Ariane Gorin, but any Further remarks.
Ariane Gorin: So thank you all for joining us today, and we appreciate the questions. We closed the year with a strong fourth quarter and solid full year results. Looking ahead, we're focused on our three priorities, of delivering more value for travelers, investing where we see the greatest opportunities, rev growth, and expanding our margins. And I'd like to close by thanking our team for their work and dedication behalf of travelers and partners all around the world. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you all for joining today's call. May now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-07 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Expedia Group Q3 2024 Financial Results Teleconference. My name is Alex and I will be the operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]. For opening remarks, I will turn the call over to SVP, Corporate Development and Strategy and Investor Relations, Harshit Vaish. Please go ahead.
Harshit Vaish : Good afternoon, and welcome to Expedia Group's third quarter 2024 earnings call. I am pleased to be joined on today's call by our CEO, Ariane Gorin; and our CFO, Julie Whalen. As a reminder, our commentary today will include references to certain non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are included in our earnings release. And unless otherwise stated, any reference to expenses exclude stock-based compensation. We will also be making forward-looking statements during the call, which are predictions, projections or other statements about future events. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Actual results could materially differ due to factors discussed during this call and in our most recent Forms 10-K, 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we do not undertake any responsibility to update these forward-looking statements. Our earnings release, SEC filings and a replay of today's call can be found on our Investor Relations website at ir.expediagroup.com. And with that, let me turn the call over to Ariane.
Ariane Gorin: Thanks, Harshit, and thank you all for joining us today. Our third quarter results reflect strong execution across our company. We exceeded our expectations on gross bookings and earnings with revenue landing in line despite weather and currency headwinds. We accelerated gross bookings in our consumer business for the second straight quarter, driven by continued strength in Brand Expedia, Vrbo returning to growth, and good results in our international points of sale. Our advertising and B2B businesses continue to outpace the industry, both delivering strong double-digit growth. We remain disciplined on costs with cost of sales and overheads, both declining year-over-year. Overall, we're pleased with the results of our work. We're executing and what's in our control and capitalizing on growth opportunities to rebuild momentum after our tech replatforming. The travel environment in the third quarter was healthy, but mixed with demand softer in July and then improving into August and September. International demand was stronger than the U.S. And compared to last year, booked room nights grew in the low single digits in the U.S., low double digits in Europe and high teens in the rest of the world. Like last quarter, prices held up for both hotel and vacation rentals. For air and car, we saw continued pricing pressure, though air ticket prices grew in September for the first time this year. Turning to our consumer business. We remain focused on the fundamentals, driving more direct traffic, improving product performance, enhancing our supply and expanding internationally. Gross bookings were up 3% year-on-year, which was a 2-point acceleration compared to the second quarter. Global app downloads for our core brands was up nearly 10% year-on-year led by EMEA at 20% growth. And the percent of bookings coming from our apps improved by 3 points. Brand Expedia continued to be strong with room nights at mid-teens year-on-year. We shipped great new product features like destination comparison, flexible date search and live flight tracker, all of which create better traveler experiences. Our package product that allows travelers to dynamically bundle a huge selection of flights, hotels and cars, all with attractive package savings is a real differentiator for Brand Expedia. Last quarter, we released new features like the ability to book accommodations for only part of the trip and package searches for 1 way flights. These make planning and booking multi-item trips even easier, and combined with our targeted promotional activity drove a 25% increase in package bookings in the third quarter. Shifting to Vrbo now. We delivered our first full quarter of bookings growth this year. Bookings were up modestly with traffic and conversion both growing despite the negative impact of Hurricane Helene. We're meaningfully improving Vrbo app performance, making the app faster and adding new features to streamline shopping. App traffic growth has accelerated and more visitors are signing in. We've also further strengthened Vrbo supply. We added nearly 1 million units that had previously only been available on Brand Expedia. These units skew more to urban areas and shorter stays, which allows Vrbo to appeal to a wider audience. And beyond the additional supply, we improved the quality of our existing supply with more discounts for long stays and more flexible cancellation policies. Looking to the fourth quarter, while October has been tougher for Vrbo due to Hurricane Milton, we believe that our focus on the basics, traffic, our product and our supply will continue to drive positive momentum for Vrbo. Before moving to B2B, I want to highlight progress from our international expansion, advertising and loyalty initiatives. In the last few quarters, we've moved back into faster-growing international markets, investing surgically and are seeing promising results. Bookings growth for our consumer brands outside the U.S. accelerated by 5 points in the third quarter. One particular highlight was healthy double-digit growth for Hotels.com in Scandinavia, where we already have high brand awareness. We believe we have a big opportunity ahead to grow internationally and to win share. Our Advertising business delivered yet another strong quarter with revenue up 32% as we've continued to add more advertisers and evolve our products. We simplified our sign-up process and are testing new product capabilities like video ads and search results, which are driving a nearly 30% increase in engagement. All of this means we're delivering more value and better returns for our advertisers. In terms of our loyalty program, global active membership grew 7% year-over-year in Q3, and our 12-month member repeat rate was up 150 basis points compared to last year. On our 3 core brands, nearly half of our room nights came from silver, gold or platinum members. And as a reminder, these higher tier members get further member discounts funded by our supply partners. We've also enhanced the One Key value proposition in the U.S. and U.K. This quarter, we introduced member-only discounts for the first time ever on Vrbo and have seen great early results. And on Brand Expedia, we just expanded redemption options to include more airlines. We're continuing to fine-tune the loyalty value proposition for each brand and each market while capitalizing on the capabilities of our underlying tech platform. Turning to B2B. We had another strong quarter with bookings up 19% year-on-year, slowing only 1 point from the second quarter. Growth was broad-based and came from all partner segments and regions. We shipped new solutions for existing partners, adding activities and ground transport for hotel partners like Hilton and introducing new loyalty capabilities for Alaska Airlines. We also secured important wins like long-term renewals with Despegar and Traveloka and a new partnership with Canadian Bank, CIBC. Just last week, we announced a new partnership with Microsoft Bing. So overall, we continue to extend our leadership in B2B. Let me now spend a minute on a few highlights of how our tech platform and AI capabilities are contributing to better conversion and enhanced customer service. On conversion, some of the most compelling use cases so far have been property question-and-answer, smart and natural language filters and review summaries. Over 70% of travelers read reviews before making a booking, and we use generative AI to efficiently summarize reviews and provide detailed property and neighborhood information. This makes it easier for travelers to shop while taking less of our development time and resources. In customer service, we're continuing to leverage AI to allow travelers to self-serve, which both lowers costs and improves the traveler experience. For instance, our virtual agents now handle nearly half of all traveler inquiries through self-service. Additionally, our agent copilot feature, which summarizes voice and chat interactions, significantly reduces after-call work for our call center agents. Before closing, I want to share a couple of leadership updates. We announced today that Julie will be stepping down as CFO and as a member of our Board of Directors. We expect to announce a successor prior to Julie's departure to allow for a smooth transition. I want to thank Julie for all she's done for Expedia Group as a Board member and as our CFO over the last 5 years. We're deeply grateful for all of our contributions and appreciate her partnership during this transition. We also announced last month that Ramana Thumu is joining us as our Chief Technology Officer. Ramana is a great leader and technologist and he's led tech teams for over 2 decades. More recently, he built and scaled the multi-brand platform at Fanatics. So his experience is directly relevant to our growth aspirations here at Expedia Group. In closing, we're pleased with our third quarter performance and the progress we're making. We continue to see healthy travel demand and are confident in our ability to execute, which has led us to raise our full year guidance, and Julie will talk about that in a minute. I'd like to thank our team for their hard work and the successful delivery of our third quarter. With that, let me hand it over to Julie.
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Ariane, and good afternoon, everyone. We are pleased with our third quarter results. Despite some headwinds during the quarter, including unfavorable macro trends, weather events and FX, we were able to deliver year-over-year room night growth of 9%, gross bookings growth of 7%, and acceleration of over 150 basis points versus the second quarter, revenue growth of 3% and EBITDA growth of 3% with only slight margin deleverage of approximately 16 basis points. But before I jump into more of the financial details for the third quarter, I just wanted to say thank you to Ariane, the Board and the Management team here at Expedia. I'm proud to have been associated with Expedia Group as a Board member since 2019 and more recently as CFO. I am committed to supporting the company until and after my successor is in place to ensure a smooth transition. I am confident in this management team and our strategy, and I remain excited about the opportunities ahead for Expedia Group. Now back to the financial details for the third quarter. Total gross bookings of $27.5 billion grew 7% versus last year, driven by lodging gross bookings, which grew 8% and includes our hotel business growing 10%. We were happy to see that we have once again held or grown hotel gross bookings share in virtually all of our key markets. Booking windows for hotels expanded in August and September when compared to last year, which provided a tailwind to our third quarter gross bookings. Outside of our hotel business, we also saw a strong recovery in our air business, driven by growth in multi-item packages and improvement in air prices. And we also saw a continued acceleration at Vrbo, which returned to modest growth on the quarter. Revenue of $4.1 billion grew 3% versus last year, led by our B2B business, Brand Expedia and our advertising business. Excluding FX, however, revenue growth in the quarter would have been 5%. In addition to FX, revenue growth was also impacted from pricing actions in prior quarters, which as a reminder, translate to contra revenue at the time of the stay. Third quarter revenue also saw pressure from soft Vrbo bookings in the first half of 2024, translating to stays in the third quarter. As a reminder, Vrbo has a longer booking window versus our hotel business, and the third quarter is the largest revenue quarter for Vrbo driven by summer stays. Total revenue margin was approximately 50 basis points lower year-over-year. The uplift from advertising growth was offset by all the previously mentioned impacts to revenue as well as the outperformance in air bookings, which is a lower margin business. Cost of sales was $385 million for the quarter and $24 million or 6% lower versus last year, which combined with higher revenue growth, drove approximately 90 basis points of leverage as a percentage of revenue year-over-year. We continue to see our ongoing initiatives deliver transactional efficiencies. Direct sales and marketing expense in the third quarter was $1.9 billion, which was up 11% versus last year. Sales and marketing deleverage as a percentage of gross bookings primarily due to higher commissions to our partners from the strong growth in our B2B business. As we have stated previously, commissions paid to our B2B partners are in our direct sales and marketing line and are more expensive as a percentage of revenue than our B2C business. However, because they are generally paid on a state basis to contractually agreed upon percentages, the returns are more guaranteed and immediate. We also saw some deleverage in our B2C business as we reinvested back into Vrbo and our international markets to drive improving growth and global market expansion. Excluding these investments, we saw marketing leverage in our B2C business. Overhead expenses were $602 million, a decrease of $15 million versus last year or 3%. This resulted in approximately 90 basis points of leverage, primarily driven by lower people costs and product and tech from our actions to rationalize our head count as well as overall strong expense control. We remain committed to driving efficiencies across our P&L, and we're pleased to see another quarter of reduced costs and strong overhead leverage. On the bottom line, we delivered third quarter EBITDA of $1.25 billion, which was up 3% year-over-year with an EBITDA margin of 30.8%, slightly deleveraging approximately 16 basis points year-over-year. This was better than expected due to our effective expense management. As far as our EBIT performance, which includes the impact of stock-based compensation, depreciation and amortization, we delivered $892 million of EBIT with a margin of 22%, deleveraging approximately 100 basis points year-over-year in the third quarter. This quarter's results included the accelerated vesting of our former Vice Chairman's RSUs, which drove a onetime $51 million increase in stock-based compensation. Excluding this acceleration, EBIT would have leveraged approximately 27 basis points year-over-year in this quarter. Our year-to-date free cash flow remained robust at $2.3 billion, up 3% year-over-year, driven primarily by higher EBITDA and lower capital expenditures. Moving on to our balance sheet. We ended the quarter with strong liquidity of $7.2 billion, driven by our unrestricted cash balance of $4.7 billion and our undrawn revolving line of credit of $2.5 billion. Our debt level remains at approximately $6.3 billion with an average cost of 3.7%. Our gross leverage ratio at a further reduced 2.2x continues to make progress towards our target gross leverage ratio of 2x driven by our ongoing strong EBITDA growth. In addition, our strong cash position enabled us to repurchase $1.6 billion or 12 million shares year-to-date. We continue to believe that our stock remains undervalued and does not reflect our expected long-term performance of the business. As such, we expect to utilize the strong cash generating power of our business to continue to buy back our stock opportunistically, and we have approximately $3.2 billion remaining on our share repurchase authorization. Moving now to our outlook for the fourth quarter and full year. We expect gross bookings growth in the fourth quarter to be in the range of 6% to 8% versus last year. The growth is higher relative to our prior expectations due to a more favorable outlook for our air business, which as a reminder, contributes more to bookings growth and less to revenue and earnings. As a result, we expect revenue growth to be about 1 point lower than our gross bookings growth, and we expect EBITDA and EBIT margins to be relatively in line with last year as we will continue to lean into our marketing investments in Vrbo and international markets. Moving now to full year 2024 outlook. Based on our strong third quarter results and our improved fourth quarter outlook, we are raising our full year guidance. We now expect gross bookings growth to be approximately 5% versus last year, up 1 point relative to our prior outlook, and we now expect our EBITDA and EBIT margins to be slightly up versus last year, an improvement from our prior outlook of flat levels. And our revenue guidance remains at approximately 6% growth versus last year. In closing, we are pleased with our third quarter performance, including the acceleration of our B2C business as well as the continued strong growth of B2B, Brand Expedia and advertising. Our ongoing execution against our growth initiatives, combined with our strong financial position, give us confidence in our long-term opportunity to deliver profitable growth and shareholder returns. Before I open the call for questions, I also want to extend a big thank you to our Expedia associates and partners for their ongoing dedication and support, which has enabled us to deliver these third quarter results and gives us the confidence to be able to deliver our full year results and beyond. And with that, let me open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question for today comes from Lee Horowitz of Deutsche Bank.
Lee Horowitz: Julie, pleasure working with you. Maybe on marketing investments at Vrbo -- Vrbo ex common international markets. I guess how should we think about your ability to be able to deliver aggregate marketing leverage on a go forward? I know this year is a big investment year for those brands. But presumably, they're not back to the levels that you'd expect and you'll remain invested. Do you need these bids to get back to market level rates before you can perhaps deliver marketing leverage for the whole business?
Julie Whalen: Yes. From a marketing leverage perspective, I mean, obviously, as we said, B2B sales and commissions are in that line. So that does put pressure given their level of growth on that line. But if you speak just a B2C business, ex those investments in Vrbo and international markets, we have seen leverage. So essentially, as we get those businesses back to where we need to get them, we expect to see that we'll be able to see some leverage going forward.
Lee Horowitz: Great. Then Ariane, you're seeing really strong growth out of your Media Solutions with an acceleration this quarter against tougher comps. Maybe if you could just unpack what the driver is there? Is it pricing? Is it the expansion of the media network? Any understanding of what's driving that? And then maybe just framing up the opportunity of how large you see that business over time? What's the big opportunity? Where is the clear white space?
Ariane Gorin: So on the growth, we have a sponsored listing business and the display business. On both of them, we've got a lot more partners that are participating, especially in sponsored listings. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we've done quite a bit of work on making the sign-up process, easier doing sort of marketing activities to bring more partners into the auction. At the same time, as I mentioned, we're testing new things like video ads and the like, such that those ads are even more effective, which then translates to pricing. So I think there continues to be a big opportunity on sponsored listing and on display. And if you look at the advertising as a percentage of our overall revenue and compare to some other big retail companies, you can see that we've got quite a bit of white space in order to sort of grow that in the years to come.
Operator: Our next question comes from Deepak Mathivanan of Cantor Fitzgerald.
Deepak Mathivanan: Maybe I'll start with Vrbo. Now that the business has kind of returned to modest growth, what is required to accelerate further and get the growth rates on par with the results that we're seeing from some of the alternative accommodations providers in there? And then second question, maybe for Ariane, I'm not sure if you're ready to comment about 2025. But maybe you can qualitatively discuss how we should think about kind of the cost side that's required to grow the business further and maybe the implications on margins for 2025?
Ariane Gorin: Okay. Well, so on the Vrbo question, -- as we all know, Vrbo went through a migration at the end of last year, and that's why it had such a slow start to this year. And I would say the teams have been doing great work this year in adding the black product features, making the app faster, as I sort of described in my prepared remarks, doing work on supply, I would also call out, we have this great marketing campaign with Nick Saban in the last couple of months. Perhaps people saw it. It was a great performing campaign and drove a lot of conversion. As you think about Vrbo going forward, we need to continue that formula of continuing to improve the product, continuing to expand the supply and having great marketing. And as I mentioned, we've got some new supply that's in more urban destinations. I would say that we're underpenetrated in the markets that we're in internationally. So we have a new general manager who's in, who's running Vrbo, we're looking at what are the longer-term growth plans. So I'm confident that the basic formula we have right now layered on top of it where the market opportunity is, will be what will drive growth. And I'd just add one other thing, which is -- all the work that we're doing to sell vacation rentals well on Vrbo will also help us sell vacation rentals on Expedia. We've had so much going on in the last few years as a company that we haven't made a big concerted effort to sell vacation rentals well on Brand Expedia. And again, all the work on Vrbo on servicing, on communications and the like will then help us as we turn to that for Brand Expedia.
Julie Whalen: And then as far as 2025, yes, we're not going to be providing any commentary on this call for that. We'll plan to give more updates on that for next call. But I would just say generally that we are very focused on both the top and the bottom line. And as you can see, we've done -- made incredible progress with getting cost out of -- cost of sales and overhead and we're going to continue with that as we move forward into next year. Obviously, top line revenue growth is a play on what will happen on the bottom line. But I think the biggest line, clearly, as everyone knows, is the marketing line. And so as we get these businesses back up to where they need to be, as the product starts to get optimized more and more, we should be able to drive more, repeat and direct behavior and, therefore, drive more marketing efficiencies as we've been seeing in Brand Expedia.
Operator: Our next question comes from Trevor Young of Barclays.
Trevor Young: First one, just back to Vrbo on the modest growth in the quarter. Can you just speak to the actual cadence throughout the quarter? It wasn't clear last quarter around whether July was still positive relative to the positive June exit rate. And then similarly for October, I think you had called out some of the increment weather issues. Was Vrbo still positive here at the start of 4Q?
Julie Whalen: Yes, we're not going to give out sort of the monthly comps, if you will. But I think what the great thing is that we're seeing is that business is continuing to accelerate. So I mean as we move to the quarter, we definitely saw that business accelerate. I would say that certainly, when you are impacted by hurricanes and things that create some bumpiness in the results. But out of -- coming out of July, we saw incredible acceleration from that point Trevor.
Trevor Young: That's helpful. And Ariane, maybe 1 bigger picture 1 for you. Youre now roughly 6 months into this new role. Can you highlight 2 or 3 things that have been positive surprises to you and maybe a few things that stood out as maybe more challenging than you had anticipated when you first cut into the seat?
Ariane Gorin: Sure. I think -- look, I obviously knew the B2B, the private label business and the advertising business and the supply part of the company quite well because I've been running those for a period of time. The consumer business, while I've been in the management team and I knew it well, that's the part that I've gotten much closer to in the last 6 months. On the positive is just how much passion and I would say, awareness and love there is for our 3 big brands, Expedia, Hotels.com and Vrbo. So that's sort of the positive surprise is just how much sort of love there is there. On the sort of what's been tougher is I think I appreciated all of the technology work that we've done on our platform, and it is really enabling us to innovate faster to have 1 customer identity and the like. But connecting that directly into the brand value propositions, we had done that quite well on Expedia, and I'm now appreciating just the work that we needed to do to get that into Hotels.com and Vrbo. And again, what's been wonderful to see is how quickly the organization and the brands are responding to that. And that's -- when I look at the acceleration we've had in the consumer business from Q1 to Q2 to Q3, it's seen those daily improvements and the way that we're connecting in our brands themselves, what the value proposition is, what the marketing is and what the product and platform can do that gives me real confidence in the future.
Operator: Our next question comes from Conor Cunningham of Melius Research.
Conor Cunningham: On the move to add 1 million rooms from Expedia to Vrbo. Just curious on what drove that outcome. And then as you think about additional supply going forward for Vrbo, is the urban market is something that you're focusing on a little bit more than before? And is there any difference in returns from that move?
Ariane Gorin: Thanks for the question. So we took about 1 million units that had been listed on Expedia, and we moved them over to Vrbo. And these are -- this is inventory that's a little bit different from the other inventory that we had on Vrbo. So we've needed to figure out what's the right UX and design, what's the pattern for people shopping and discovering on them. But as I said in the prepared remarks, we've actually seen that, that's allowed us to go after a part of the market that's more urban, that's shorter stay than we've been in before. And -- it's true that historically, Vrbo has been a brand that has tended to be sort of beach and mountain and the like. And we think there's still opportunities for us to grow there, and we'll also be looking at where else can we grow. In terms of -- are there different returns? Again, it's early days for us in exploring that part of the inventory. But ultimately, what we want to do is make sure that people know the Vrbo brand, they understand that when they come to Vrbo, they're going to have whole homes and apartments. They won't have shared spaces, theyll get to redeem their One Key cash, and they'll have a full supply of whatever it is that they're looking for that we can fulfill for them.
Conor Cunningham: Okay. Helpful. And then you talked about -- or you touched a little bit on just the attach rate of other travel products. Obviously, your competitor talks a lot about that. I was just curious if you could just unpack that strategy a little bit more. And where does that stack up on the priority list? And you obviously have a lot going on, but is it up on the top of where you think?
Ariane Gorin: Thanks for the question. Selling multiple items in a trip is the core DNA of Brand Expedia. Brand Expedia is multi-line of business. So air, car, hotel, activities, cruise, is all of that. And so we have a long history of being able to attach, whether it's attaching when you start with 1 product and add another or doing the actual dynamic packaging at the same time. So I would say that's always been at the core of the strategy for Expedia. I highlighted the growth in our dynamic package travel, but also the multi-item attach is something we continue to work on. It's certainly improved over time, not only in the UX and the design, but also in the recommendations. So being able to personalize what's the next best thing to recommend to a traveler by category and also by item. So I guess I would just conclude by saying it is important to us. It's a core part of Brand Expedia.
Operator: Our next question comes from Naved Khan of B. Riley.
Naved Khan: So Ariane, you shared a stat with us about 150 basis point improvement in the repeat rates for One Key users. How does that compare versus your own sort of expectations when you sort of launched this program last year? And what are the things that you control to kind of drive further improvement from these levels? So that's one question. The other one I had is on B2B, maybe just -- it's seeing really strong growth. Just give us a sense of what the pipeline here, it looks like that can continue to drive the strong traction?
Ariane Gorin: Yes. So I'd say on One Key, right? It's been -- we launched it in the summer of '23. So we've been pleased with the results so far. I shared some of the stats in my prepared remarks. I'd say we're especially pleased with our tiered member deals, so the silver, gold and platinum members. They're available everywhere, but we're seeing that, that's about 30% of our travelers, but 50% of our room nights. We also, when we launched One key, we're looking for cross-sell across our brands. And as I shared last quarter, 30% of travelers who are redeeming their One Key cash on Vrbo after earning it on the other brands are actually net new to Vrbo. So that's great that we're seeing. And finally, I'd say the One Key technology is giving us capabilities that we didn't have before. So things like gifting One Key cash that has an expiry date, which allows us to be more promotional in order to sort of drive purchases in a short window. At the same time that there's been a lot of positives, we're continuing to work to tune the value proposition by brand and by geography. So for example, I said on Vrbo, we know that 1Q is driving new travelers, but we're still assessing the impact of Vrbo earn on traveler shopping decisions every day. So the One Key program, obviously, as Julie talked through it, it's in our contra revenue. And we are interrogating the spend on loyalty in the same way that we do our marketing spend and the like and making sure that we're able to tune the program. And the good news is the way the technology is built, allows us to configure it. So that's what I would say for One Key. On the question about B2B. As you said, we had another strong quarter at 19% growth, only 1 point down from last quarter. And the B2B business has a massive market, we can work with corporate travel agencies, off-line travel agencies, online travel agencies, financial institutions that have their own loyalty programs. So it's true the last set of quarters, it's grown at a very elevated rate. Some of that was Asia that was really coming back. We believe in this business. We believe it will continue to be healthy double-digit rates, even if perhaps not at the elevated levels that we've seen.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney of Evercore ISI.
Austin Riddick: This is Austin Riddick, actually speaking for Mark Mahaney. Congrats on the quarter. We would just love to hear your thoughts on the U.S. alternative accommodations market, particularly as it relates to the recent regulatory updates coming out of California, Hawaii, et cetera? And do you think if these are basically one-off situations or the sort of a broader trend?
Ariane Gorin: So I would just say all that, but we work with local government to make sure that obviously we're abreast of the regulations. We're taking those into consideration. I think there's always a balance between the contribution to the local economy and following the regulations. But we believe there's a big market out there for alternative accommodations, just like there is for hotels and the like, and that's not impacting our view of our growth potential.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jed Kelly of Oppenheimer.
Jed Kelly: You mentioned integrating Vrbo with Brand Expedia. Can you talk about the opportunity to integrate Vrbo with B2B? And then I didn't hear a mention of Hotels.com. Can you give us an update on how that's performing since you've sort of replatformed the loyalty program outside the U.S. and the U.K.?
Ariane Gorin: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question. On Vacation Rentals, as I said, yes, we are -- we already have some vacation rental inventory on Expedia, and we think there's a bigger opportunity. On B2B, we do have a few partners who are using our vacation rental inventory. As you can imagine, on selling vacation rentals, there is some complexity that is different from hotels. Requirements on communication between the traveler and the owner, for example. And so we're testing it. We want to make sure that we're going to be able to deliver a great traveler experience to our B2B partners travelers and to our hosts and owners. So I do see that as an opportunity in the long term. If you ask me on the list of priorities that our B2B business is going after, is this at the top, probably not. But in the long term, this is a real opportunity for us. In terms of Hotels.com, I'd start by reminding us this is a brand that has very strong brand recognition and a large customer base. The performance in Q3 was stable, but it hasn't returned to growth. And this was a brand that was very impacted by our migration, by our change in loyalty program and our international pullback. Now as we are going back into international, Hotels.com is benefiting. And we've got a new general manager in place who's looking at this with a fresh set of eyes, and I'm really excited about what he's going to do with the brand in the quarters to come.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Kopelman of TD Securities.
Unidentified Analyst: This is [indiscernible] in for Kevin. You mentioned the hurricane impact in October, but can you talk more about quarter-to-date trends and what you're seeing across your consumer brands? And maybe give color on your efforts to regain share in international markets?
Julie Whalen: Yes. We definitely saw an impact in October from Hurricane Milton. But I would say that it's material, but not anything that we thought it would be originally. So it came in better than our expectations. And the reality is that if you take things out of the picture for things like the hurricane for the election, et cetera, we are actually seeing the underlying health of the business being really strong. So we're excited to see those as we've entered into the fourth quarter.
Ariane Gorin: And then on international, as we said last quarter, we're being surgical. We're looking market-by-market, understanding which of our brands has brand strength there. And then going in with the full funnel market plan -- sorry, a marketing plan in order to start to regain share, but we're being quite surgical about it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Post of Bank of America.
Anthony Post: I apologize, it's been asked already. But I wanted to get into selling and marketing. I know B2B is a big contributor there. But when you back that out, -- how do you think about your efficiencies versus competitors? And are there costs that you think you can take out of there over the long term?
Julie Whalen: Yes. I mean, I would say that, that is an opportunity for us. I think Ariane has said in the past that we want to interrogate every line, and so it is something that we're looking at. And we are delivering efficiencies. I think, obviously, as we've said, we've been investing at the same time back into Vrbo and international markets. And if you exclude that, investment, we are actually seeing efficiencies, particularly in Brand Expedia. And so this is more about us sort of getting the flywheel back on these other businesses getting back to where they need to be, and we think we have an incredible opportunity to be able to deliver more efficiencies when that happens. At the same time, we need to be optimizing the product, the supply and putting all of that together for these businesses to be able to deliver value to the traveler that encourages them to return to our sites as repeat behavior and direct. And so when that starts to happen is when we'll also start to see some of that leverage. But it's certainly something that we are laser focused on going forward.
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions. So I'll turn the call over to CEO, Ariane Gorin, for any further remarks.
Ariane Gorin: So thank you all for your questions today. I'm very pleased with our Q3 results. We remain focused on accelerating growth in our consumer business, ensuring our B2B business remains industry-leading and leveraging our unified tech platform to drive more innovation. We have a strong foundation in place to drive sustainable, profitable growth, and I'm confident that we'll continue to create value for our travelers, partners and shareholders. Thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-08 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Expedia Group Q2 2024 Financial Results Teleconference. My name is Elliot and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] For opening remarks, I will turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Corporate Development, Strategy and Investor Relations, Harshit Vaish. Please go ahead.
Harshit Vaish: Good afternoon and welcome to Expedia Group's second quarter 2024 earnings call. I'm pleased to be joined on today's call by our CEO, Ariane Gorin; and our CFO, Julie Whalen. As a reminder, our commentary today will include references to certain non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are included in our earnings release. And unless otherwise stated, any reference to expenses excludes stock-based compensation. We will also be making forward-looking statements during the call which are predictions, projections or other statements about future events. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions which are subject to risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Actual results could materially differ due to factors discussed during this call and in our most recent Forms 10-K, 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we do not undertake any responsibility to update these forward-looking statements. Our earnings release, SEC filings and a replay of today's call can be found at our Investor Relations website at ir.expediagroup.com. And with that, let me turn the call over to Ariane.
Ariane Gorin: Thanks, Harshit and thank you all for joining us today. I've been CEO for about a quarter now and have spent most of my time in 3 areas: First, refocusing our team on the basics and execution to accelerate growth in our consumer business; second, sharpening our long-term strategy; and third, making sure we have the right leadership team in place. All with the goal of delivering better experiences to travelers and more value to our partners. I'm really pleased to already see some signs of progress as demonstrated by our second quarter results. We grew room nights by 10% and grew gross bookings and revenue by 6% versus last year. This was at the high end of our expectations and was driven by substantial improvement of Vrbo as well as continued strength in Brand Expedia in our advertising business and in our B2B segment. We also executed well in controlling our costs with cost of sales and overheads both declining year-over-year. The travel environment was healthy in the second quarter. And like the last few quarters, we saw stronger demand internationally relative to the U.S. Compared to last year, we grew room nights mid-single digits in the U.S. low double digits in Europe and in the high teens in the rest of the world. Prices held up for both hotel and vacation rentals but we saw continued pricing pressure for air and car. In terms of trends so far in the third quarter, we've seen some softness in demand and Julie will provide more details on this in a few minutes. But regardless of the market environment, we're focused on executing what's in our control and what we know will drive long-term value. Now, let me talk a little bit about the second quarter results themselves. In our Consumer business, we grew gross bookings by 1% which was an improvement of nearly 400 basis points in the first quarter. Our focus on the basics, traffic, conversion, attach rates and marketing efficiency is showing solid early results. The traffic growth across our 3 core brands which are Expedia Hotels.com and Vrbo accelerated sequentially by roughly 500 basis points and conversion rates continue to improve. The percent of bookings through our apps also increased, up over 500 basis points year-on-year. And in terms of attach, multi-item trips grew by 9% compared to last year. And this is important because when travelers buy more than one product from us, they're getting more value, so they're more likely to repeat. On marketing, excluding our investments in Vrbo and international markets, our consumer business showed some year-on-year marketing leverage in the second quarter. Brand Expedia continued its strong performance with booked room nights up nearly 20%, while Vrbo improved meaningfully from its Q1 low point and exited the quarter back to modest growth. Vrbo's recovery continued from higher marketing spend, better supply and Vrbo specific product releases. Look, we certainly have more product work to do on Vrbo, in particular, on our app but we're encouraged with our progress and the sequential improvement in the business. Vrbo also benefited from more cross shoppers from our One Key loyalty program. Nearly 30% of travelers that earned One Key Cash on either Brand Expedia or Hotels.com and then redeemed it on Vrbo were completely new to Vrbo. So One Key is a great source of new travelers for the brand. Also, One Key hit its first year anniversary in the U.S. this summer. We're super pleased to see our large growing member base enjoy the flexibility to earn and burn One Key Cash across our 3 core brands and get great tiered member discounts. Customers who redeem One Key Cash or use member discounts repeat more often. So this gives us a lot of confidence that the benefits of One Key will build further over time. This summer, we're hitting 2 more milestones in the program. In July, we launched a co-branded credit card with Wells Fargo and MasterCard in the U.S. and expect this to reinforce the value proposition of One Key. We're also launching One Key in the U.K. in the third quarter. Like the U.S., the U.K. is a market where all 3 of our big consumer brands are present. Beyond the U.K., though, we're pausing further international rollout of One Key. Most international markets have only either Brand Expedia or Hotels.com operating at scale with limited Vrbo presence. So we're going to take the time to tailor our value proposition for these markets. In addition, this should minimize further near-term disruption to Hotels.com which was the brand most impacted by One Key's U.S. rollout. More importantly and as a reminder, all our loyalty members worldwide on our legacy Expedia and Hotels.com programs continue to benefit from the improved member discounts that we launched last summer. Finally, we made good progress on our international expansion. As an example, in May, we launched Expedia point of sale in UAE and Saudi Arabia. Though it's early days, we've been pleased with the results so far. Turning to B2B. We had another strong quarter with bookings growing 20%, though like last quarter, this was a 200 basis point deceleration. All of our partner segments grew well. And always, while we on-boarded new partners, a significant portion of the quarter's growth came from existing partners. A couple of highlights from the quarter were the renewal of our lodging deal with Trip.com and a new partnership with Cathay Pacific using our White Label Template. Moving on to supply which powers both our consumer and B2B segments, we continue to improve our offerings. For flights, we just signed a partnership with Ryanair and will soon add their supply to our marketplace. In Vacation Rentals, we grew our supply double digits while removing properties that weren't providing acceptable guest experiences and we source more listings with flexible cancellation policies and discounts. All of this reinforces the Vrbo value proposition. We're also investing in more powerful tools, what we call our visibility boosters to help our supply partners attract the travelers they want. More hotels are using these tools to fill hotel rooms and our revenue from these products grew over 40% in the first half of this year and that's a great win-win. Before I turn the call over to Julie to talk about our financial results and guidance, I want to touch on our path forward and where I'm focusing our teams. Improving the performance of our consumer business remains our biggest priority. We're capitalizing on our tech investments for the last few years, while at the same time, digging into what product capabilities and configurations, we need to strengthen Vrbo and the Hotel.com brand. We're getting surgical in identifying drivers of repeat behavior in addition to loyalty and app usage, whether it's burning One Key Cash or adopting AI-enabled products like price predictions. We want all of our core brands, Expedia, Hotels.com and Vrbo to have clear value propositions and drive healthy growth and we're making adjustments to ensure we have the right focus. In B2B, after 12 quarters and over 20% booking growth, we expect continued normalization and we'll continue to invest in our technology, supply and partnerships to extend our lead in the segment. Finally, we continue to execute with cost discipline everywhere. On cost of sales, we've reduced spend and improved gross margins substantially over the last several quarters. We're exploring additional opportunities to rationalize our marketing spend and on overhead, we're using technology and AI to further boost productivity. In closing, I'm encouraged by our second quarter results and I'm incredibly proud of and thankful to our employees who rallied together and are working tirelessly to deliver on our ambition, to help travelers around the world experience great trips and create lifelong memories. And with that, let me hand it over to Julie.
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Ariane and good afternoon, everyone. We are pleased with our second quarter results including double-digit room night growth, a sequential acceleration in our B2C business, driving gross bookings to 6% and EBITDA margins expanding approximately 70 basis points in the first half. As far as the financial details for the second quarter, total gross bookings of $28.8 billion were up 6% versus last year, driven by total lodging gross bookings which grew 8%, led by our hotel business growing 11% and the improvement in our Vrbo business. We were happy to see that we have held or grown hotel gross booking share in virtually all of our key markets. In our Vrbo business, we saw a significant acceleration as we moved through the quarter which drove our total gross bookings sequential acceleration of approximately 300 basis points from the first quarter. Revenue of $3.6 billion grew 6% versus last year, led by our B2B business, Brand Expedia and our advertising business. Total revenue margin was flat year-over-year as the uplift from advertising growth was offset by fewer stays given the lower gross bookings in the first quarter, the shift of Easter stays into the first quarter and the contra revenue arising from pricing actions. As a reminder, pricing actions from prior periods negatively impacted both revenue and revenue margins this quarter as it is recorded as contra revenue at the time of the stay. Cost of sales was $358 million for the quarter and $45 million or 11% lower versus last year which combined with our strong revenue growth, drove approximately 190 basis points of leverage as a percentage of revenue year-over-year. We continue to see our ongoing initiatives are delivering transactional efficiencies. Direct sales and marketing expense in the second quarter was $1.8 billion which was up 14% versus last year. Sales and marketing deleverage this quarter as a percentage of gross bookings primarily due to higher commissions to our partners from the strong growth in our B2B business which grew over 20% as well as the planned ramp in marketing spend in Vrbo and international markets to drive incremental growth. As we have stated previously, commissions paid to our B2B partners are in our direct sales and marketing line and are more expensive as a percentage of revenue than our B2C business. However, because they are generally paid on a stayed basis to contractually agreed upon percentages, the returns are more guaranteed and immediate. In our B2C business, we saw some deleverage this quarter as we reinvested back into our Vrbo business and our international markets to drive improving growth in global market expansion. Excluding these investments, we saw some marketing leverage in our B2C business in the second quarter. Overhead expenses were $606 million, a decrease of $21 million versus last year or 3%. This resulted in approximately 165 basis points of leverage, primarily driven by lower people costs in products and tech from our actions to rationalize our headcount as well as the timing of both new hires and other salary-related costs across our key growth areas of the business. We remain committed to driving efficiencies across our P&L and we're pleased to see that the cost actions we have taken, as previously announced, continue to drive savings across capitalized labor, cost of sales and overhead costs. On the bottom line, we delivered strong second quarter EBITDA of $786 million which was up 5% year-over-year with an EBITDA margin of 22.1%, deleveraging slightly for approximately 15 basis points year-over-year. Our first half EBITDA margins, however, expanded by approximately 70 basis points year-over-year which exceeded our expectations due to strong expense management despite the impact from our pricing actions and our investments in marketing. As far as our EBIT performance which includes the impact of stock-based compensation, depreciation and amortization, we delivered $475 million of EBIT with a margin of 13.3%, delivering approximately 20 basis points of expansion year-over-year in the second quarter and 95 basis points of expansion in the first half. The additional 25 basis points of expansion as compared to EBITDA is driven by leverage from stock-based compensation from flat year-over-year cost as well as leverage from depreciation that grew slower than revenue. Our year-to-date free cash flow remained robust at $4 billion, up 4% year-over-year, driven by our strong first half EBITDA growth and lower capital expenditures. Moving on to our balance sheet. We ended the quarter with strong liquidity of $8.7 billion, driven by our unrestricted cash balance of $6.2 billion and our undrawn revolving line of credit of $2.5 billion. Our debt level remains at approximately $6.3 billion with an average cost of 3.7%. Our gross leverage ratio had further reduced 2.3x, continue to make progress towards our target gross leverage ratio of 2x driven by our ongoing strong EBITDA growth. In addition, our strong cash position enabled us to repurchase $1.2 billion or 9.2 million shares year-to-date. We continue to believe that our stock remains undervalued and does not reflect our expected long-term performance of the business. As such, we expect to utilize the strong cash-generating power of our business and our remaining $3.6 billion share repurchase authorization to continue to buy back our stock opportunistically. Moving now to our outlook for the rest of the year. While we accelerated our gross bookings throughout Q2, entering the third quarter, we have seen a more challenging macro environment and a slowdown in travel demand, consistent with recent commentary from others in the travel industry. And while we saw flat ADRs on a like-for-like basis in Q2, we saw a decline in July stemming from FX headwinds and from consumers trading down to lower-priced properties. And we've also seen more continued softness in air ticket prices. In addition, we have seen some headwinds from new pricing display regulations that kicked off on July 1st in California and we are monitoring it closely. These factors collectively drove weaker-than-expected growth across both our consumer and B2B businesses in July and are influencing our outlook for Q3 and the full year. Given this backdrop, we expect third quarter gross bookings and revenue growth to be in the range of 3% to 5% versus last year. And as a result of the range of possible top line growth and our marketing investments in Vrbo and our international markets, we expect approximately 100 basis points of deleverage to our third quarter EBITDA and EBIT margins versus last year. As for the full year, we expect gross bookings to be at the low end of our previously communicated range of mid- to high single digits at approximately 4% and revenue growth to be 2 points higher at approximately 6% with our earnings outlook holding at EBITDA and EBIT margins relatively in line with last year. In closing, we are pleased with our performance and the acceleration we saw in our Vrbo business during the second quarter. And while the more recent market environment is challenging, it is this ongoing execution against our growth initiatives, combined with our strong financial position to give us confidence in our long-term opportunity to deliver profitable growth. And with that, let me open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mark Mahaney with Evercore ISI.
Mark Mahaney: Two questions, please. First on Vrbo. It sounds like that's started to recover to growth exiting the quarter. Any thoughts on what that trajectory is like? And I know you've got headwinds going into the back half of the year but if you can isolate out the headwinds, just talk about what that growth recovery path looks like. And then real quick hit on advertising revenue, expectations for how that's trending? Are you able to kind of maintain the growth you've had there. And I think that was sort of solid 20%.
Julie Whalen: Yes. I mean, for Vrbo, obviously, it's hard to make that call right now because we're staring at this July trends. But certainly, our expectation is to drive that business to growth and get it back to where it used to be. And so as we said, we saw substantial acceleration as they move from the beginning of the year. So basically, as we ended the quarter with some modest growth but now we're in this moment in July, where it's a little bit hard to read the business. But certainly, long term, that is our expectation. As far as the advertising business, I mean, that business is on fire. We have got a lot of opportunity with that business to continue to drive its growth. I mean, if I think if you look back, it's been at least in the high 20s for a while now and we don't have any reason to believe that that's going to significantly change going forward.
Ariane Gorin: And I would just add that on the advertising business, when the market gets soft, actually, you could imagine that some of our supply partners will want to spend more in advertising where they know that the travel demand is going to be. So as we're looking at how the market evolves, obviously, I think our teams will be looking at how can we help our supply partners in getting the volume.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Sheridan with Goldman Sachs.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe 2 questions, if I could, a bit more of a bigger picture in nature. In terms of the role of CEO that you've now had for a couple of months, wanted to know if you could just reflect on some of the key learnings you've had and go a little bit deeper on the turnaround of some of the brands like Vrbo and Hotels.com. And what you've learned about the ability to possibly speed up some of that recovery or some of the aspects that might take longer pieces of time to sort of implement leaving the side or isolating some of the macro variables from your insights there. And then the second, you come out of the B2B business. As you continue to move out of B2B and into this broader CEO role, what do you think remains relatively underappreciated or misunderstood about the B2B business, now it sits inside Expedia?
Ariane Gorin: Thanks for the question, Eric. In terms of the consumer business, as I stepped in, I think I had always appreciated the work that we had done on the platform that was going to allow us to accelerate innovation across the Board. So for example, in the second quarter, we were able to release flexible date search in all 3 of our big brands at the same time. And we wouldn't have been able to do that, had we not done the platform work. That being said, when we did the work to move Vrbo and Hotels.com onto our common front end, we did give up some of the things that made those brands a bit more unique. On Vrbo, collaboration was a big -- it was sort of something that was used a lot in Vrbo. And when we migrated it, the good thing was we got the trip planning collaboration onto Brand Expedia but we lost some of the functionality in Vrbo. Now the good news is, we've added a bunch of it back and there's still work to be done. But it just meant that we went through a period of time in the migration where we moved back. Similarly with Hotels.com, when we move to One Key, we sort of downplayed an advantage that Hotels.com had. It had a really big differentiator and its loyalty program. So the good news is that both of those brands have great brand awareness, have people who love to come back to them. But I've just realized it's going to take work to get them back to where we want. And so as I think about sort of the months and the quarters ahead, it's how do we take all the capabilities that we've built in the platform across the board on a horizontal basis and sort of figure out what needs to be configured or built differently for Vrbo and Hotel.com. But overall, I feel good about that. It's just -- it's going to take some time to get there. And I would also add for Hotels.com, it will benefit as we go back into international. Hotels.com is a brand that's got great brand recognition in places like the Nordics and elsewhere. And what we've seen in these early days of leaning back into some of those international markets is that we're seeing good results. In terms of the B2B business and what's maybe misunderstood or underappreciated. Funny, when I took on the business about 10 years ago, I remember thinking, what are the moats around it, what's differentiated around it. And what I sort of have concluded over the years is it's a combination of things. You have to have really great supply and we have great lodging supply. We're doing a lot of work to get B2B-specific lodging supply. You have to have great technology, an excellent sales team, super partner relationships and be very hungry and aggressive and be open to a lot of partnerships. So I just -- I guess the way I think of it is, there is a massive travel industry. What is at $2.3 trillion. Our own brands have a small part of it. And so with the B2B business, we could really look to what is all the innovation we have in our company that can help power all of the other travel players out there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lee Horowitz with Deutsche Bank.
Lee Horowitz: Two, if I could. So you clearly have a number of marketing priorities ahead of you as you look to take share in Vrbo, lean back into international markets, while also facing some building ADR pressures, as you called out which have their own margin impact. I guess with that in mind, how do you think about the levers that you have at your disposal to drive margin expansion sort of on a go-forward basis given those investment priorities? And then maybe, Ariane, another one on the B2B business. I guess, how do you think about sort of the interplay between B2B and B2C? Is there a world where the success of your B2B business can actually prove cannibalistic to your B2C business? If you help partners create super compelling travel rewards programs, presumably that's a piece of the pie that core Expedia doesn't have access to any more. How do you think about managing those 2 in that sort of environment?
Ariane Gorin: Okay. Thanks for the question, Lee. Julie, do you want to take the first one and I'll take the second.
Julie Whalen: Sure. So from a leverage perspective, obviously, we have been able to do a really great job with cost of sales, where costs have actually been down year-over-year, much less leveraging. And while over time, that will start to moderate because obviously, that can't go on in perpetuity. We still expect to drive incredible leverage on that line. We've got a lot of opportunities to continue to drive efficiencies there across our merchant fees and our operations, whether it's on AI and technology and all sorts of things that we're looking at to further drive efficiencies there. At the same time, you can see, although this quarter is a little bit of anomaly, we did have overhead that was down to last year as well. And so we're still -- we did several cost actions as we announced earlier in the year and so we're benefiting from those. That's helping that line drive leverage to help the total P&L. And certainly, we are very focused on looking at every line in the P&L to see what the opportunity is and how we can go after it. So we can take that money either deliver it to the body [ph] or to reinvest it in the business. We did say this year, however, that as you alluded to, we are making the investments in marketing, in Vrbo and international markets because we want to reinvigorate those businesses. And clearly, by what we saw in the second quarter, it works. So it's important that we continue to do that and keep that momentum going. So as we've guided to and as we said, this year, we don't expect much leverage. But longer term, we're certainly not guiding to '25 at this time. But longer term, we absolutely expect to have margin leverage going forward because all of the things that we're investing and driving towards to bring in more direct traffic should enable us to get more leverage on the marketing line in addition to all the good work we're doing on cost of sales and overhead. And if I think I've said before, if you could see the Brand Expedia P&L, who is the least disrupted brand, it's doing just that. And we've got strong top of line growth and we've got strong marketing leverage. And so it's something that we're working towards with the other brands to get there over time. And then on the second question on B2B and B2C. So I would say, in the geography, there are certain geographies in which our B2C brands aren't very present. And so it's obvious that anything we're doing in B2B there is going to be incremental. But it's true that there are many geographies in which we have both businesses and consumers go to many different places for travel. Of course, I think any travel company would love to have consumers only come to them. But consumers sometimes will shop for personal travel on their favorite OTA, hopefully, one of ours, they might have business travel where they're using their corporate travel bookings rule. They may be in an airline program and have loyalty points and want to spend those points. And so we see the opportunity to power the technology and inventory in every one of those cases. And it's actually a big value driver that we bring to our supply partners because we make it easier for them to reach demand not only through us but also through our B2B partners. And fundamentally, I think that it just forces our own B2C brands to be even more competitive and to up our game.
Operator: Our next question comes from Trevor Young with Barclays.
Trevor Young: First question, can you just expand a bit on the cadence of growth throughout the quarter? Was it steady and then July saw the step down? And was there any nuance around that step down in July across geos? And then second question, more of a bigger picture one. We're now a few quarters in from the completion of the tech platform migration. What gives you confidence that all the transformation work that you've done in the past few years is working and will pay off?
Ariane Gorin: Julie, do you want to take the first one? I'll take the second.
Julie Whalen: Yes, sure. In the second quarter, we basically saw comps accelerating and that's because, as we've said, the main accelerating driver was Vrbo. And so we basically came from a low, so to speak, at the beginning of the year and accelerated by quarter and was the main driver to drive the full acceleration of the business. So we saw accelerating comps in Q2 and then like I said, in July, there's just a lot going on that's hard to understand with precision. And so we saw sort of this noise in the P&L in our business. And really, when you look at it from a geo perspective, to answer your question, it's a lot in U.S. that we're seeing. We're seeing a couple of other areas but mostly it's U.S. focused.
Ariane Gorin: In terms of the replatforming, as I said earlier, it's really unlocked a lot of capabilities that we didn't have before. One of them, for example, is our testing platform. Already this year, we've done more tests on Vrbo than we did all of platform migrations, we've been able to put something like One Key in place where we have a view of a customer across all of our brands. We -- as I said, we're able to release the ability to do flexible date shopping in the second quarter across all of our brands. So there are a number of, I would say, e-commerce basics that we're able to roll out across all of our brands without having to do the work multiple times. Now going forward, what we're digging into is where are their configurations or maybe even some brand-specific features that we need to build on top because it's true that the last few years, so much of our capacity went to sort of rebuilding some of the foundations and to migrations.
Operator: Our next question comes from Conor Cunningham with Melius Research.
Conor Cunningham: Just on B2B, I think your growth in the quarter was over 20%, a pretty tough comp sort of in process. But I think in the prepared remarks, you mentioned a deceleration. Just curious if you could unpack that a little bit, what's driving the slowdown. And then just on the implied guide for fourth quarter, I realize that you don't have a lot of visibility but can you just talk about how you see the booking window kind of evolving from here?
Julie Whalen: Yes. So on B2B, yes, we've seen a little bit of deceleration. And as you alluded to, of course, we're still at 20%. So it's still really a strong business. And we alluded to the fact that as global demand normalizes, that, that business would see some of that growth come down as it also normalizes. So that's not too unusual for us to see. Obviously, in the July period that we've alluded to, they also are impacted by a lot of the dynamics that I mentioned as far as what's going on in July. And so they can have a little bit more of an impact than what was sort of just the global normalization but we're really excited about that business. Ariane spoke about it. There's just so much opportunity there. And given our leadership position and all the opportunities we see going forward, it should continue to drive strong growth. It's just that we've got this moment right now, where we're seeing some of this macro impacting it. But the underlying health of the business is incredibly strong. As far as the booking windows, it's interesting, we have been seeing for a while now in our B2C hotel business that the windows have actually been expanding slightly year-over-year. But as we entered July, they actually or during the month of July, they actually shortened just a little, not a lot but just a little bit in that month. And that's the first time we've seen that in a while. On the Vrbo side, they've been shortening for a while and they're kind of just doing a similar thing. So there wasn't anything material that changed in July but we did see a little bit of that in the hotel side of things.
Ariane Gorin: And maybe I'll just add a little bit on the first part on B2B. As Julie said, B2B is a much more geographically diverse business than our consumer business. And so over the last few quarters, it's really benefited from a lot of the travel demand, in particular, in Asia. And so the deceleration we've seen a couple -- for the last couple of quarters which still was a very strong growth, was coming from the normalization of that growth, in particular, in Asia. Now as Julie said, as we headed into July, we saw some slowdown and that was more with the U.S. part of the business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Naved Khan with B. Riley.
Naved Khan: Yes. I just wanted to double click on the annual guide, Julie a little bit. So I think the prior guidance was mid- to high single digits for both bookings and revenue and now you're guiding to revenue of 6% and bookings were 4%. So -- and you also noted some weakening in the airfare. So I'm just trying to figure out how I should think about the lodging business, you talked about ADR weakening. So room night is going to grow faster than maybe the 6% or just give us some goal post there or just your thoughts on how to think about the lodging business and room nights and ADRs.
Julie Whalen: Yes. I mean, fortunately, we haven't -- we don't guide to that level by the line item. And obviously, all of that has been assumed in the numbers that we have presented here for the full year. But certainly, everything I mentioned impacts the lodging business. So there will be an impact to that on all those metrics for the lodging business but we're not providing guidance on those right now.
Naved Khan: Okay. And then I have a follow-up on the cost side of things. So of the restructuring that you announced earlier this year, how much of that has been action and how much has yet to follow in the second half?
Julie Whalen: Yes. The majority of that has been action. There were some that we took action on in Q1, some that we took action on Q2 and so that's why you're seeing the favorability in overhead because you're getting the full quarter of the Q1 action and then you're getting the additional Q2 action that's coming through. There's a little bit that's left on that but not significant. But of course, it doesn't mean we're stopped looking at every single line and where we can find efficiencies elsewhere. It's just on that particular cost action that we mentioned, we're almost through it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Kopelman with TD Securities.
Kevin Kopelman: Just one, so quickly on the macro. You called out ADR softness. Are you seeing any softness in nights? And then could you just give more color on how you're managing the B2C advertising expenses in the second half given the backdrop?
Julie Whalen: Sorry, you said -- can you repeat the first part of the question?
Kevin Kopelman: The first part was on the macro softness that you're seeing quarter-to-date, you called out the ADR softness but are you also seeing a slowdown in kind of underlying nights activity, particularly with stays.
Julie Whalen: Yes, we are. In particular, stage, you said?
Kevin Kopelman: Well, just kind of separating out the window versus how much we actually look like they're going to be traveling.
Julie Whalen: Yes. No, we're definitely seeing a reduction in nights. I mean it's not just a booking window play, if that's what you're talking about or just an ADR play. There's definitely, as we said, there's been some softening in travel demand which is impacting the transactions side of it. But it's a combo of all, right? I mean there's certainly -- all those other factors are also true. As far as your B2C advertising expense question, I mean, obviously, that's what our plans are been assumed that's from the guidance that we gave and we said that we are guiding to on the year EBITDA margins to be relatively in line with last year. So we're managing to that, while still investing in Vrbo international markets. And so certainly, we will be looking at advertising, seeing what makes sense relative to the top line and any other variable costs associated with that depending on where that top line goes. But that what we're managing to is the full year EBITDA margins relatively in line with last year.
Ariane Gorin: And I would just remind you and as Julie said, obviously, looking very closely at what are the macro trends, what are the demand trends, where do we want to spend in marketing and advertising. And we look at marketing, promotions and pricing and loyalty all sort of in the same bucket to then say which of these is going to be most effective given the environment. And then even within marketing, are we going to put money more into performance or into social or into other channels. And I spent a lot of time with our marketing team just looking at where we're getting the best returns, where we're leaning in, where do we need to pull back and the like.
Kevin Kopelman: And you noted maybe rationalizing some marketing spend. What were you referring to there? If you could share any more color?
Ariane Gorin: So we -- I mean, one of the things we've been doing in the last bit of time is really interrogating every dollar of our marketing spend. And for example, looking at nonworking versus working marketing spend, understanding the returns on each because we -- especially if we're going into an environment that is a bit more volatile. It's just so important that every dollar. We understand the returns when we're investing more in international and Vrbo, we need to be making up for efficiency elsewhere.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Gawrelski with Wells Fargo.
Ken Gawrelski: Just two, if I may. First, could you've talked about the EXPLORE Conference in May a lot about your marketing plans and your advertising and media plans, I should say, not your marketing plan, sorry. Could you talk about opportunities, not necessarily in the short term but over the kind of next 1 to 2 years, how you can continue to grow that business robustly and what the opportunities look like? And then second is just more tactical. As you think about the One Key expansion to the U.K. Do you expect that to be a material and how material do you expect that to be on Hotels.com in the back half of the year?
Ariane Gorin: Thanks for the question. Let me start with the first one. So you're right, we talked about the travel media network at EXPLORE and we're really excited about the opportunity to grow advertising and to bring value to our advertisers. Today, a lot of our advertising business happens on the shopping and booking moments of the travel funnel. So when someone's in the search results or when they're in the booking process, there's not as much sort of when they're in the dreaming and very upper funnel and there isn't as much, for example, in post booking. So we think that there's an opportunity there. We also think that there's an opportunity to expand in the number of partners who are using our advertising tools. So whether it's the sponsored listings and having more hotels or airlines using sponsored listings, or new products that we can bring to destination, management organizations think that there's a lot of growth and opportunity there as well. I'd also call out that we're doing some interesting work on providing more tools to these advertisers. So making it easier for them to sort of self-serve on some of our advertising products, self-serve on sort of getting -- letting us do more of the targeting for them, we're about to introduce some video into our ads which we think will make those perform better. So I would just say for the long term, we think there's a lot of opportunity here. On the question about One Key and expansions in the U.K., I don't think it's going to have a material impact at the company level. Certainly, you learned from the One Key rollout in the U.S. on how to treat the sort of higher value of Hotels.com customers who might feel like they're getting a sort of downstep in their value and we're using that in the U.K. but I think at a company level, it's not material.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Clarke with Bernstein Societe Generale Group.
Richard Clarke: Just a question on the pause on the rollout of One Key. Does that mean that the Hotels.com buy 10 nights get 1 free. That will remain in all markets, apart from North America in the U.K.? And is that awkward to your sort of supply partners that they've got to deal with you in multiple different loyalty schemes. And what does it mean for your sort of B2B rollout? I think One Key was one of the things you were offering as part of the B2B rollout. So how would that affect the rollout of B2B in sort of non-U.S., non-U.K. markets?
Ariane Gorin: Yes. Okay. Thanks for the question. In terms of whether the Hotels.com 10 for 1 will remain the same outside of the U.S. and the U.K., the answer is yes. It's a simple program. For now, it's remaining that way as we work to figure out what would the path forward be. For our supply partners, our hotels, for example, it's completely transparent to them. They participate in member deals where they provide different levels of discount for different tiers of members and we actually translate that into our Hotels.com rewards program. So if I'm a hotel, I'm able to reach those Hotels.com rewards members, whether they're in a country that has the existing 10 for 1 stamps or whether they're in the U.S. In terms of B2B, actually, One Key is not rolled out to the B2B business. That's a business where we're providing inventory and technology but a lot of our partners have their own loyalty program. You may be thinking about -- we've talked about rolling out One Key to our advertising partners and allowing them to use some of their advertising dollars to accelerate One Key earn for their hotels. And that, again, won't really make a difference. They can do that in the U.S. and the U.K. It won't be something that we can do outside of that. But again, this is why we are going to take the time to think about what is the value proposition for our loyalty programs in countries where we only have one big brand at scale.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Colantuoni with Jefferies.
John Colantuoni: Great. Two quick ones for me. First, on the 3Q outlook, does your outlook for the third quarter assumes there's a recovery in night in August and September relative to July? And second question, just talk to some of the pricing reductions you started making last quarter and how that impacted conversion. And now that you're seeing some trade down, whether you might have to lean in a little bit more there.
Julie Whalen: Yes. As far as the first question on the 3Q outlook, we have not sort of baked in any upside or something in September. We've looked at obviously run our various scenarios and what the information that we have based on what's happening in July and ran that out as to where we think the quarter will land. Certainly, it's also you have to take into consideration for revenue at least what happened in prior quarters because then the states come to fruition in the third quarter. So we already have some of that data and that's just going to play out. But certainly, based on all the new data in July, we've just run our scenarios and let it play out for Q3 accordingly but there wasn't any sort of step-up in September that we assumed. As far as the pricing actions, yes, we had made a call, you probably remember from last quarter that we had done some pricing actions towards the end. That then we're going to be coming into this quarter, we did see that come in. And we only do those pricing actions if we get the returns. And so certainly, they are driving conversion for us. And so as we have been doing, we're going to continue with that, going forward as it is a good returning marketing lever for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jed Kelly with Oppenheimer.
Jed Kelly: Great. Just going back to the B2B opportunity. Is there any way you can sort of give us a backlog or just frame like the amount of contracts you think are up that can potentially drive growth there? And then just on Vrbo, just thinking of the fourth quarter marketing strategy, that's usually when you have like a large brand campaign. If this softness continues, can you just talk about how that impacts your marketing strategy?
Ariane Gorin: So on the first one, so thanks for the questions. On the first one, I'm not going to share details about the pipeline. What I will say is we're thoughtful about which deals we want to bid for. I think often when you have an B2B team, it's as important which deals you decide not to bid for and which ones you decide to bid for. And we have a super experienced team, a great business development team that's being thoughtful about where do we want to play and where do we not. I'd also say that growth can come from finding new partners but growth also comes from our existing partners. So sometimes you might have a partner that we're powering 3 of their points of sale and then they decide that they're going to expand into another couple of countries and it's incumbent on our team to make sure that we're the ones powering them as they're growing their business. So when you think about the B2B business, it's not just that sort of the pipeline of new business, it's also what are all the actions we're doing in our existing partners in order to either win share or to just grow along with them.
Julie Whalen: As far as the Vrbo marketing strategy, certainly, we learned from last year that you don't want to pull back too much on the marketing spend because Q1 -- sorry, as you're entering in Q1 is a really big time for Vrbo. So that's part of the reason why we're even guiding in Q3 to pressure on EBITDA because we want to continue investing in Vrbo for that very reason because we're investing for the longer term. And so we would continue to invest in Vrbo. I mean, obviously, it depends if there's some massive level of softness that all things are off the table. But we're not expecting that but it's not how we've been guiding. And so our expectation is we continue to invest in to Vrbo and that's assumed, obviously, within our margin guidance on the year to be relatively in line with last year.
Operator: Our final question comes from Ron Josey with Citigroup.
Ron Josey: Maybe, Ariane, a follow-up to your comment there on investment in marketing. I thought the 20% growth in room nights in Brand Expedia was a really key highlight. So I wanted to understand just the drivers here, maybe a little more on geographic mix. And really, the benefits from the advertising side of the brand continues to evolve. And then I think I heard you say conversion rates improved in the quarter as in multiproduct attach rates. And so again, just wanted to dive a little bit deeper on the product to hear how the funnel, how transactions are going on Expedia overall.
Ariane Gorin: Yes. Thanks, Ron, for the question. As you said, I mean, Brand Expedia has been a great highlight for us. And it's also what gives me confidence because it was the least disruptive of all of our brands and it's the brand that's gotten all of our innovation going into it. We've also, over a number of years, really built up the brand value there. We spent quite a bit in marketing over time and now we're seeing leverage with it because we have a great app installed base, strong repeat, a great member base and the value proposition on Brand Expedia to shopping and booking multi-item scripts, whether it's directly through the package path or buying a flight and then later coming back and buying a hotel at a discounted rate, is really strong for travelers. So I would just say, in general, we feel good about it. It's still to my liking to U.S. focused. I mean, as is our whole consumer business, we'd like to see more growth internationally. But as you say, Expedia is really a highlight. So thank you for the question.
Operator: I will now hand the call back over to Ariane Gorin for closing remarks.
Ariane Gorin: Okay. Well, so I just want to thank you all again for joining us. Julie and I appreciate the questions. I just want to leave you with the thought that, we know the environment is becoming more volatile. But regardless, we believe we have a lot of opportunity ahead. We have great consumer brands that travelers love, a differentiated B2B business, diverse supply, the strongest it's ever been and a really powerful tech platform. So as we look to the future, we're going to use these assets to drive profitable growth. Thank you, all.
Operator: That concludes today's call. You may now disconnect your lines. Have a nice day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-02 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Expedia Group Q1 2024 Financial Results Teleconference. My name is Lauren, and I will be the operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] For opening remarks, I will turn the call over to SVP, Corporate Development, Strategy and Investor Relations, Harshit Vaish. Please go ahead. 
Harshit Vaish: Good afternoon, and welcome to Expedia Group's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. I'm pleased to be joined on today's call by our CEO, Peter Kern; our CFO, Julie Whalen; and our incoming CEO, Ariane Gorin.
 As a reminder, our commentary today will include references to certain non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are included in our earnings release. And unless otherwise stated, any reference to expenses exclude stock-based compensation. We will also be making forward-looking statements during the call, which are predictions, projections or other statements about future events. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict.
 Actual results could materially differ due to factors discussed during this call, and in our most recent Forms 10-K, 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we do not undertake any responsibility to update these forward-looking statements. Our earnings release, SEC filings and a replay of today's call can be found on our Investor Relations website at ir.expediagroup.com. And with that, let me turn the call over to Peter. 
Peter Kern: Good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us today. As you all know by now, this will be my last earnings call. I'm excited to be handing the reins over to Ariane, and we have reserved time for her to share some thoughts after Julie, so you can get a sense of her ambition for the company going forward.
 Ariane and I have been working closely these last few months to make sure she can take over without a hitch, and I just want to say I'm truly excited to see how she and our team bring this company forward and accelerate on top of everything we have built over these last several years.
 As for the quarter, we saw a healthy but more normalized market environment for travel globally. North America remains the slowest growing geography relative to major international markets, but the gap is closing now that we are largely past the pandemic-driven recovery. Adjusting for geo and product mix, prices held up in general for lodging, but were under continued pressure in the air and car business.
 Against this backdrop, our results for the first quarter of '24 met our guidance with a revenue and EBITDA beat but less robust gross bookings. Julie will get into the details, but revenue and EBITDA performance benefited from our mix of business, a strong performance in our advertising business, and our decision to invest more in pricing actions as opposed to direct marketing.
 As for gross bookings, our B2B business continued its strong performance, and our B2C business, excluding Vrbo, was in line with our expectations. Unfortunately, that only partly made up for a slower-than-expected ramp-up for Vrbo post its technical migration. As we discussed last quarter, we had pulled back on Vrbo marketing in the second half of last year while we went through our migration. And while we have been ramping that spend and the product has been improving, we have seen a slower-than-expected recovery.
 Based on this and the overall trends in our B2C business so far in Q2, we expect growth to be lower than what we had initially anticipated for '24. We are, therefore, lowering our full year guidance to a range of mid- to high single-digit top line growth, with margins relatively in line with last year. We still expect to see broad improvement across '24 in our B2C business, with the best early indicator being the conversion gains we have seen driven by higher test velocity and future rollouts. Behind that, we will continue to invest in Vrbo and our international growth markets to reignite those flywheels to set us up for continued growth in the years to come.
 All in all, I'm pleased to say that while momentum is not yet back consistently in all the business lines, we are improving every day, wanting to optimize all of our new capabilities, and I have tremendous faith in our team's ability to extract the full potential of what we have built.
 With that, I will just close by expressing my profound appreciation to all our teams at Expedia for their dedication throughout our multiyear, often painful, transformation journey. When the returns from this work are fully realized, we will owe this determined bunch of people a great debt of gratitude.
 I also want to thank all of you, our existing shareholders, the analysts covering us, and the broader investor community who have been with us along this sometimes bumpy journey. There's a reason most companies don't undertake transformation on this scale, and it takes patience and a commitment to understanding to come along for this journey. I'm very appreciative of all the constructive engagement over the years, and it has been a pleasure working with all of you. So with that, over to Julie. 
Julie Whalen: Thank you, Peter, and good afternoon, everyone. Let me start with the key metrics for the first quarter. Total gross bookings of $30.2 billion were up 3% versus last year. Growth was driven primarily by total lodging gross bookings, which grew 4%, led by our hotel business growing 12%. This strong hotel growth was partially offset by the ongoing softness in our Vrbo business that, while improving, is taking longer than expected to fully recover.
 Revenue of $2.9 billion grew 8% versus last year, led by B2B, Brand Expedia and our advertising businesses. The revenue strength was driven by higher revenue margins, which increased over 50 basis points from a product and geo mix during the quarter, increased advertising revenue, which contributes to revenue but not gross bookings, and the pull-in of stays in Q1 driven by the Easter shift.
 Cost of sales was $356 million for the quarter and $55 million or 13% lower versus last year, which, combined with our strong revenue growth, drove approximately 310 basis points of leverage as a percentage of revenue year-over-year. We are pleased to see our ongoing initiatives delivering transactional efficiencies.
 Direct sales and marketing expense in the first quarter was $1.7 billion, which was up 11% versus last year. Sales and marketing deleveraged this quarter as a percentage of gross bookings primarily due to the commissions to our partners as a result of our strong growth in our B2B business with growth of 25%.
 As we have stated previously, commissions paid to our B2B partners are in our direct sales and marketing line and are more expensive as a percentage of revenue than our B2C business. However, because they are generally paid on a [ stayed ] basis to contractually agreed upon percentages, the returns are more guaranteed and immediate.
 In our B2C business, we also saw some marketing deleverage this quarter as we reinvested back into our Vrbo business to drive improving growth and our increased investments to drive our global market expansion, one of our key strategic growth initiatives this year. Overhead expenses were $611 million, an increase of $23 million versus last year or 4%, leveraging 95 basis points.
 We were able to drive our costs below our revenue growth, particularly in our product and tech operations, and now that we are done with the major boulders of platform migration, we remain committed to driving further efficiencies across our P&L. To that end, in February, we announced cost actions that will impact approximately 1,500 employees through this year. We expect that these actions will unlock substantial savings on an annualized basis across capitalized labor, cost of sales and overhead costs.
 And as a result of all of these factors, we delivered strong first quarter EBITDA of $255 million, which was up 38% year-over-year, with an EBITDA margin of 8.8%, expanding over 190 basis points year-over-year. This was higher than expected given the higher revenue we delivered and the leverage to the P&L that provides, along with lower cost of sales, both of which more than offset our marketing investments to drive future growth.
 It is also important to note that EBITDA also benefited from a decision we made to invest more in pricing actions as opposed to additional direct marketing. These pricing actions are reflected in the P&L when the stay occurs. As a result, these investments will instead impact future quarters as contra revenue when the stays come in.
 Starting this quarter, in addition to EBITDA, we are providing additional disclosure around our EBIT performance, which includes the impact of stock-based compensation, depreciation and amortization. In the first quarter, EBIT was negative $59 million with a margin of negative 2.1%, an improvement of $51 million or 205 basis points versus last year. The additional approximately 15 basis points of expansion as compared to EBITDA is driven by leverage from stock-based compensation.
 Our first quarter EBITDA growth enabled us to generate another quarter of robust free cash flow at $2.7 billion. The year-over-year decline in free cash flow is associated with timing changes within working capital, which includes lower deferred merchant bookings, primarily driven by the softness in Vrbo bookings this quarter.
 Moving on to our balance sheet. We ended the quarter with strong liquidity of $8.2 billion, driven by our unrestricted cash balance of $5.7 billion and our undrawn revolving line of credit of $2.5 billion. Our debt level remains at approximately $6.3 billion with an average cost at only 3.7%. Our gross leverage ratio at a further reduced 2.3x continues to make progress towards our target gross leverage ratio of 2x, driven by our ongoing strong EBITDA growth.
 Our strong cash position enabled us to continue repurchasing shares with over $780 million or approximately 5.7 million shares repurchased year-to-date, and we continue to believe that our stock remains undervalued and does not reflect our expected long-term performance of the business. As such, we will utilize the strong cash-generating power of our business and our remaining $4.1 billion share repurchase authorization to continue to buy back our stock opportunistically.
 As far as our financial outlook, given the lower-than-expected growth in gross bookings in the first quarter and the trends we are seeing so far in the second quarter in our B2C business, in particular in Vrbo, we are lowering our full year guidance to reflect the range of possible outcomes on the top line while we continue to invest in marketing to drive growth for Vrbo and international markets. As such, we believe our top line growth will now be in the range of mid- to high single-digit growth with EBITDA and EBIT margins relatively in line with last year.
 In the shorter term, we expect our second quarter to deliver top line growth in the mid-single digits, which reflects a sequential acceleration in gross bookings from the first quarter as we expect Vrbo to continue to improve from our marketing investments. We expect revenue growth to be lower than the first quarter growth rate given the lower gross bookings in the first quarter, the pull forward of Easter stays into the first quarter, and the contra revenue arising from pricing actions.
 And with this revenue growth, along with our continued investments in marketing to drive growth, we expect some pressure in our second quarter EBITDA and EBIT margins versus last year. However, when combined with our first quarter outperformance, we expect EBITDA and EBIT margins to be relatively in line with last year to slightly above in the first half.
 In closing, despite the lower guidance, we remain committed to the long-term opportunity that our transformation has given us to deliver profitable growth and shareholder returns. And with that, let me turn the call over to Ariane. 
Ariane Gorin: Thanks, Julie, and thank you, Peter, for your leadership over the last 4 years and for all I've learned working closely with you. I joined our company 11 years ago and most recently led Expedia for Business. This includes our B2B and advertising businesses, both of which have consistently delivered double-digit growth. I also led our global supply teams that source inventory for our whole company, so I know our industry very well. And having lived in Europe for the last 23 years, I've seen firsthand opportunity for us in international markets.
 My immediate priority as CEO is to work with our teams to accelerate our growth and to sharpen the longer-term strategy for our consumer business. Since our leadership announcement in February, I've spent time getting to know our consumer business in more detail. It's undergone extreme transformation over the last few years, from technical migrations and changes in our loyalty program to changes in how our teams operate the business. So we've dealt with a lot of turbulence.
 While we built new capabilities like our common front end, we have less development capacity to build new features, and this, in turn, impacted the competitiveness of some of our brands and products. Expedia, which was our least disrupted brand, benefited a lot from our investments and has grown very well, while Hotels.com and Vrbo, which were the most impacted by our migrations, aren't where we'd like them to be.
 To get the acceleration we want from our consumer business, we need to focus on the basics: driving traffic, increasing conversion and expanding our margins through higher attach, take rates and more efficient marketing. Ultimately, this is going to come down to having great products and great brand value propositions.
 Our platform now allows us to innovate at scale, and we're running more tests and seeing the benefits of AI across all of our brands, which is great. But we're still learning to use all of this most effectively. For example, a recommendation algorithm gets smarter faster because of our scale, but it has to be trained on the differences between a traveler shopping on Vrbo compared to one on Expedia. And tests that work on one brand may behave differently on another. While we still have some work to fully complete our tech platform, moving forward, we'll dedicate more of our development capacity to building great traveler experiences and making up for lost time.
 Looking ahead, while it's going to take somewhat longer than we'd anticipated to see the benefits come through in our numbers, the investments we've made rebuilding our consumer business will pay off. Our new tech platform gives us a solid foundation to grow our business, and we also have other real strengths to build on. We're leaders in the B2B segment and just posted another fantastic quarter, and there's still a big opportunity to win share.
 Our advertising business is big, differentiated and growing, and I equally see lots of opportunity ahead here. We have strong relationships with our supply partners and great supply for our travelers. And of course, our consumer business is the market leader in the U.S., with well-recognized and loved brands, and we're starting to get traction as we move back into international markets. As you know, we're also focused on driving efficiencies, and we'll continue to look carefully at every dollar we invest.
 So in closing, we have great consumer brands, a leading B2B business, a powerful platform, and what I think is the best team in travel. We have lots of work to do to realize our potential, and I couldn't be more excited about the opportunity ahead. And with that, let me open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Eric Sheridan with Goldman Sachs. 
Eric Sheridan: Wishing you the best going forward, Peter, and congrats on the new role, Ariane. Peter, maybe can we come back to Vrbo for a minute and just how do you think about that asset compared to where the competitive landscape is across travel and shared accommodation specifically?
 And when you think about leaning into investments to potentially accelerate Vrbo and improve its positioning, what kind of signals are you guys as a team looking for to know it's the moment to sort of lean in behind some of those investments to get it back to more normalized growth? 
Peter Kern: Sure. Thanks, Eric. And for everyone's benefit, I've asked Ariane to chip in where she'd like along with these questions, in addition to whatever you have specifically for her.
 But specifically to Vrbo, the way we see it is we are very strong in our core business of Vrbo, which does not compete with shared accommodations, it does not compete directly with some of our competitors in some geographies and some cities, and we are really focused on just being excellent in our space, which is the whole home space in certain markets where we have the right to win and a strong brand and strong supply, et cetera. So that is our core focus for now. We could always -- Ariane may expand that remit at some point, but that's where we're focused now. 
 As far as what we're seeing, as we talked about before, our spend down in the back half of last year, the migration we've been through obviously had a lingering impact on the product, and first quarter is an important quarter for Vrbo, so it's unfortunate that it wasn't as strong as we wanted there. But we are seeing real improvement in the products and we're leaning into investment to sort of spin up the flywheel to just get it going again.
 So it's not so much that we see any flaws in it. It's just got to be re-spent into. And because VR is not as performance marketing-driven, we don't have that ability to just go into Meta and other places and ramp everything up. We've got to spend on brand and build it, and that's taking some time to lean back into. But we feel very good about the progress. We're hopeful that it continues, obviously. And we feel really good about the product improvement.
 So we will continue to invest behind that, but what we're really looking for is we know the spend is working, we know we're driving improvement, and it's just a question of how far, how fast and what's the timing and the seasonality differences, et cetera. But that's what we're spending into this year to get it back on a growth trajectory. 
Ariane Gorin: And I would just add, again, yes, we have deep belief and conviction in Vrbo and also our other brands of Expedia and Hotels.com. We do sell some alternative accommodations on those brands, so we also have an opportunity to go after that market with those brands as well. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Lee Horowitz from Deutsche Bank. 
Lee Horowitz: Great. I guess previously, your guidance for the full year seemingly expected share gains across your largest business lines. Is there any change to that view, given sort of the more cautious outlook for the full year? Or is this really all Vrbo-centric?
 And then relatedly, when you think about the acceleration you're seeing in your non-Vrbo B2C business, what's ultimately going on there? Is it the market? Is it just the stacking of the things that you're doing? And how do you get comfortable that, that acceleration can sustain through the balance of the year? 
Peter Kern: Yes. So let me take a crack. Thank you, Lee, and then Ariane and Julie can jump in. But I would say that what we see in Vrbo and -- sorry -- so there were 2 questions, the non-Vrbo piece and the Vrbo piece. On the non-Vrbo piece, we've been making improvements in the product consistently. HCOM went through a migration a while ago, but still, we are making improvements and getting it back to -- on the best footing we can.
 So we are seeing continuous improvement in the product. We are seeing big wins across the platform, whether it's coming from machine learning or other areas that are -- that we can deploy much faster across the entire slate of apps and products. So we're getting wins. We're getting product wins. We're getting conversion wins.
 So that's what gives us confidence. And all of that ultimately leads to better conversion, more efficient marketing and everything else. So we would like everything to go faster, but we are feeling good that we are making progress on the non-Vrbo business.
 On the first question -- sorry, Lee, the first part about Vrbo again? Can you repeat it? Oh, share gains. I'm sorry. I got it. I came back to it. On the share gain front, we're actually, other than Vrbo, seeing good share gains in our core hotel business across North America and all our major focus markets, or virtually all our major focus markets.
 So in the hotel business, we're seeing really good product gains, and we feel quite good about that. Vrbo is its own thing. So when you look at lodging all up, Vrbo has obviously given up share, and both Airbnb and Booking are both in the VR space, particularly in those city-centric other kinds of accommodations, some much of which we don't compete in.
 But if you just look at hotel lodging, we're making really strong gains there. And in all our other product lines, again, we continue to improve on product, we continue to believe those products will pay off, and we feel good about where they're going. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Clarke from Bernstein Societe Generale Group. 
Richard Clarke: Just you mentioned you're deciding now to pivot towards more price investment. Just wondering, is that backing up One Key? Is that going into the loyalty? And maybe overall, what's just leading to that decision to do that rather than more marketing? 
Peter Kern: I'll take a piece and Ariane can jump in. I would just say, we've said it before, but we look at all our marketing, all our things to drive consumer behavior as one big bucket of capital. So that's direct sales and marketing, it's the pricing work we do, merchandising work, and it's our loyalty spend.
 So what we saw was an opportunity, what we've been seeing is an opportunity to drive more into the pricing vein, where there have been good returns. We've seen good opportunity there. And this is basically just a way to modify prices, taking value out of our margins to drive more velocity, acquire more customers and do it more efficiently. So it's really just a rebalancing, a little bit, towards pricing, and that's what we've done. 
Ariane Gorin: And I would just add, as Peter said, we think about those buckets of pricing, of loyalty and of marketing sort of as all buckets that we can use to invest where we see opportunities. And going forward, we'll continue to do that. So which of those 3 will drive the most growth, whether it's in international, regardless of what brand it is, I think the teams have a very dialed-in view of where they can invest in order to get the best return. 
Richard Clarke: Maybe just a follow-up on whether this is going into One Key program disproportionately, maybe matching one of your peers which has a more, I guess, price-oriented loyalty program rather than points loyalty program. 
Ariane Gorin: Well, what I would say is part of our One Key program does include tiered member discounts. So if you're a silver member or a gold member, you'll get better discounts. And those are actually supplier-funded discounts. Those are when our hotels, for example, want to get access to the more valuable members who travel more, who spend more. So I don't know if that's what you're referring to, but that program is a supplier-funded program, and it's one of the benefits of One Key. 
Peter Kern: Yes. I think, Richard, just to think about it as clearly as we can give it to you, there's 3 opportunities. There's what Ariane just described, which is we've been able to get our customers more benefit, more tiered benefits, all of that provided by our suppliers akin to some of what you've seen from some of our competition. We also have discounting we do specifically that I mentioned to win on price and acquire customers efficiently.
 And then in One Key itself, we have the opportunity now, which is awesome, to allow us to give benefit to One Key customers to create activity, create shopping, to give them incentives and other things. So there is a bit of that, that goes through that as well. But the big buckets are really the pricing and the core loyalty that are still strong, and those are the largest buckets of spend. 
Julie Whalen: And just to put a pin on it, obviously, we made the decision based on what is the best return. I mean at the end of the day, that's what we do. We look at everything and what are we going to get the best return for our spend, and at this moment, we saw that the pricing actions were going better than any other options.
 And so obviously, it creates some noise in the P&L that you're seeing, but because it doesn't get impacted to the P&L until you actually have stay, so it's a little bit of a timing situation, but at the end of the day, that's what we're focused on, is driving the best return. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Trevor Young from Barclays. 
Trevor Young: Great. Ariane, I think you commented that Hotels.com isn't where you'd like it to be. Can you expand on that a little bit and what you hope to achieve with that brand? And then bigger picture, what are the areas or opportunities you get most excited about beyond the next few years? Is it something like experiences in a more holistic interconnected trip? Is it AI driving a better consumer experience? Or something else altogether? 
Ariane Gorin: Okay. Trevor, thank you for the question. Look, let me just start by reminding you that we run our consumer business as a whole portfolio. And so we invest behind where we see the best return. And so in some cases, that may mean some brands versus others. And Hotels.com was the most impacted by our migrations. And as I said, it's not where we want it to be. It's not growing.
 And again, it was impacted by a number of things. So the first was the product migration, which, when we went through it, obviously had an impact on its performance. The second was we made a big change in the loyalty program. We're very excited about what One Key can and will deliver, but it's true that for Hotels.com, it is a bigger change in the loyalty program with less earn.
 Also Hotels.com was the most international of our brands, so over the last few years as we've leaned less into international, Hotels.com has been impacted. And then as I said, when you have the change in the product, we were getting better returns, for example, on Expedia, so leaning in there.
 The good news is that, one, we're seeing really great conversion gains on the lodging path, which, of course, benefits Hotels.com. Two, as we go back into international, because Hotels.com is our lead brand in a number of those countries, we're going to see good growth there. So I think the ambition is to get Hotels.com obviously benefiting from the platform and international growth.
 And just in terms of what I get excited about, look, there are a lot of things. I think probably AI and opportunity with AI, and especially now with our platform, given that we have one platform across all of our brands so we can move faster in the way that we're learning, I think, is going to have a bigger opportunity than ever to deliver personalized experiences for travelers.
 So of course, I can tell you I'm excited about advertising, I'm excited about B2B. There are a lot of parts of our business. But I think fundamentally, it's how is technology going to allow us to deliver traveler experiences that are truly personalized. And when we do that and as we're doing that, I think that will really differentiate us. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Conor Cunningham from Melius Research. 
Conor Cunningham: Just back to One Key for a second. Can you just level-set with how that's performing today? I realize it's still really early, but the -- with the slower than expected results in Vrbo and in Hotels.com, is there any implications on the potential slower ramp on international as you look to do that this year, maybe into next year as well? 
Ariane Gorin: So I'm happy to -- look, on One Key, as you know, we launched it last summer, and the goal was to get more members, have them repeat more and see them shopping across our brands. In terms of member growth on our loyalty programs, new membership is up 40% year-on-year, and we're really pleased with that. And we're seeing good repeat rates.
 And when it comes to cross-shopping, what we've actually seen is that 25% of people who have redeemed their One Key cash on Vrbo, who had earned that cash on either Hotels.com or Expedia, are completely new to Vrbo. So I think that really sort of reassures us in this idea of being able to capture more trips from travelers because of the One Key program. And we will be -- we are looking to roll it out internationally later this year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Naved Khan from B. Riley. 
Naved Khan: So 2 questions. Maybe just on Vrbo. Can you maybe talk a little bit about if the issues you are kind of trying to solve for more of a top line -- sorry, top of the funnel traffic? Or is it conversion? What exactly are you kind of trying to refine? And what gives you the confidence that the rebound can ultimately come through on Vrbo?
 And the second question I had is around international market. So I think you talked about kind of going into some new markets this year, and you were spending ad dollars in those markets. Wondering when we can start to see sort of the P&L contribution from those new markets. 
Peter Kern: Sure. Let me take that. So first of all, it's -- for Vrbo, it's largely a traffic issue. So as I mentioned, we spent down last year while the product was going through migration. That has 2 effects, which is, while it's migrating, it's not converting as well, and we're not spending as much to build awareness through that time.
 As we're now rebuilding awareness, we're seeing benefit. The product itself is actually converting very well and improving very quickly because it is getting the benefits, as Ariane mentioned, of the single stack, right? All the -- many of those things that have won on our other products,are winners for Vrbo, and so we're getting more benefit more quickly.
 So conversion continues to improve and is in good shape. We've got to rebuild back the traffic. And as Ariane said, One Key is helping with that. But One Key for itself in Vrbo, Vrbo customers don't travel 10 times a year typically. They travel once, if once, a year, sometimes once every 18 months or 2 years.
 So the benefits of the One Key program, which we think is a key differentiator for Vrbo, take even longer to accumulate and create that flywheel over time. So we're building into those things. We're focused on traffic and building just general awareness back and general traffic back, and we're making solid strides. It's just not as fast as we had expected.
 On the international side, we've seen quite good returns in all the places we've pushed into. We've tried a number of different ways in, now that we have the product improved, leaning more into performance marketing in some places, leaning more into brand in other places. But we're seeing broadly good response. We think it's contributing. It's just that North America is so large that it's hard to see in the numbers.
 But that's why, as Ariane said, we started building into it this year. We're pushing back into international, and it's meant to drive long-term growth for many years to come. And as these markets succeed, we will continue to invest in more markets where we think we have the right to win, and win back share. 
Julie Whalen: We have seen some short-term wins. And Peter is right, it's going to take a while to really see it in the P&L from your perspective because there's an investment time period, you have to build it up to get the return. But in international markets, in small ones like Brazil and Scandinavia, where we launched new campaigns, we did see double-digit growth on our brands there. So that's already reflected in our numbers, but they're not all in the total, we are seeing the benefits flow through. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Kopelman from TD Securities. 
Jacob Seed: This is Jacob on for Kevin. For Ariane, on the B2B side, can you comment on concentration within B2B, how large your top few customers and how many customers do you have? And also I wanted to know if there's [indiscernible] impact for regulatory changes from Google, any positive benefits there? 
Ariane Gorin: Okay. I think -- it was a little bit hard to hear, but I think the first question was about the B2B business and customer concentration. So let me take that one first. Look, we don't disclose information, obviously, about sort of the concentration of our customers, but what I will say is the B2B business is quite a mix of some very large partners, think of banks, think of some airlines, and also a very long tail of travel agencies, for example. So I would say it's a well-balanced business.
 One of the things that's really nice about the B2B business is it's not only balanced in terms of customers, but it's very balanced geographically and in terms of what types of partners we work with. I think this -- what was -- oh, the second part was about changes to... 
Peter Kern: Sorry, say that again? 
Jacob Seed: Yes. Any benefits you're seeing from the regulatory changes from Google in Europe? 
Peter Kern: In terms of our core B2C business? Not really, no. I think -- yes. I think Google is still trying to push back. They've introduced some new things in the hotel funnel with Carousels and other things. So as much as we're hoping for help from regulators where we operate within the balance of what they're doing, and they continue to operate pretty much how they have in terms of looking for new ways to monetize and push SEO traffic down, et cetera. So no, no real noticeable impact. 
Jacob Seed: One more on traffic on how big the [indiscernible]? 
Ariane Gorin: Sorry, it's really hard to hear. 
Jacob Seed: On direct traffic, is there any -- can you provide any commentary on that? 
Peter Kern: I don't think we provide commentary on that. I'd say about 2/3 of our business remains coming from direct traffic, and we've seen strong improvement in the app, which we -- as you probably recall, we've been pushing into for several years, I think, 600 basis points improvement in how much of our business came through the app.
 So that continues to be a vein we're pushing into and obviously something we're focused on for the future in terms of just driving more and more direct traffic. Obviously, One Key, we expect to help with that over time. So there's a lot of things going into driving that over time, but so far, the improvement's been good. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ron Josey from Citigroup. 
Unknown Analyst: This is Robert on for Ron. One question for you on GenAI. Can you guys share some of the learnings maybe following the launch of EG Labs last year? What are some of the products you guys are most excited about? I guess at what point do you expect these products to come to market and start to change the way users search for travel? 
Peter Kern: Yes. We've done a lot of experimentation in GenAI, obviously, user-facing as well as within the company from an efficiency standpoint, from customer service, all kinds of places. And I won't steal any thunder, but Ariane and the team will be announcing a lot of really cool new things at our EXPLORE Conference in 10 days or 2 weeks.
 But basically, it is early days as far as the search approach goes. It's still pretty modest in terms of how many people use it, certainly in terms of its impact on conversion or anything else. But early is good in the GenAI space because it gives you time to experiment and learn, and we've learned a lot, and that's going to guide to a bunch of new things that our customers are going to see in the coming year.
 So there's a lot of new impact from it. There's also a lot of impact, as we've talked about before, from old-fashioned machine learning driving all kinds of wins across the product. And as I mentioned, much more at scale because they can be deployed much more readily across all brands and across different lines of business.
 So we're having really good wins, I would say, from ML and AI, but the coolest, newest things we really think will impact consumer behavior and experience are still coming and Ariane and the team will get to tell the world about those in a week or so. 
Ariane Gorin: Yes. I would just add, as Peter said, we're excited to share some things in a couple of weeks at our partner conference. And again, in addition to what we're doing for travelers, there's a lot of work that we're experimenting with for partners.
 How do we help partners use GenAI to better show their inventory in our apps or in our brands? How do we allow them to use GenAI to improve their advertising with us? There's work, as Peter said, with our customer support organization. How do they use it to be more effective?
 Our development teams, even our commercial teams are looking at, are there pilots for how we can use those to be more effective as well, so I think it's really going to touch every part of the internal organization as well as how travelers search and book. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney from Evercore ISI. 
Mark Stephen Mahaney: Can I ask 2 questions? First is, any new thoughts on further managing or paring down costs? Where are you in terms of kind of rethinking reengineering the cost structure? It may well be that you finished all that sort of work, but just asking.
 And then secondly, I think it's been a while since you've talked about what percentage of your products that are sold, units, services that are sold, are bundled? Do you have an update on that? And what I'm particularly interested in is whether things like AI, particularly mobile apps, have really led to a greater ability to cross-sell travel products, to bundle travel products, in a way that wasn't the case in the past. 
Julie Whalen: Mark, thanks for the question. I'll take the cost question. I would say that literally, we are just getting started. So I mean, we did have an announcement back in February where we had impacted about 1,500 associates. We're still on the journey of that. We haven't done all of that yet.
 You can see some of the savings already coming through in the P&L within cost of sales and within overhead and also within capitalized labor. And there's more of that to come. It should be substantial savings on an annualized basis. again, hitting all 3 of those lines, of course, cap labor, you won't see in the P&L, even in EBIT because the capitalized software is amortized over 3 years, but you'll see it billed as we continue to move forward.
 But I think even as Ariane said, we're looking at every single line to drive efficiencies. And so we have kicked off a few projects to go through and really sort of push on the P&L. So we think there's an incredible opportunity to drive cost efficiencies, and obviously, as we deprecate more systems, we come out of this other side of the migration side of it, there's going to be a lot of opportunity to bring the cost down going forward. 
Ariane Gorin: And I'm happy to take the second part about products that we bundle. Look, we don't disclose what percentage of our business comes from packages or from cross-sell. But what I would tell you is, one, a unique value proposition of the Brand Expedia is our package path and this ability to dynamically bundle an air ticket with a hotel and the like. And we're seeing really good results as we continue to lean into the package path, and we think it's a great value proposition.
 And then when you think about sort of the cross-sell and attach, which again has always been one of our strategies, I mean, for as long as I've been at Expedia Group, it has been. It is true that with machine learning, you can get a lot smarter in understanding what is the next best thing to propose to a traveler. What are they most likely to attach, given what we know about them, given what we know about what they're doing in that trip plan? So I think we have lots of ambitions around cross-sell and attach and what machine learning can do to help us there. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Gawrelski from Wells Fargo. 
Unknown Analyst: This is Alec on for Ken. I appreciate the question. B2B has grown faster than the overall corporate growth rate for a while now. A question we get from investors a lot is how to think about the long-term growth rate.
 It seems like there's been some transient benefits to the business, whether it's been the recovery of corporate travel or exposure to Asia Pacific. And so when we normalize for those factors, I guess, how do you think about B2B growth over the medium to long term? 
Ariane Gorin: Yes. Look, we're not sharing projections of how we see things long term. I guess I would just remind everyone that there's a huge market out there for travel. And our B2B business serves a lot of different types of partners, whether they're airlines, whether they're banks. Last year, we launched a partnership with Walmart. We work with off-line travel agencies. We work all over the world.
 So I would just say even if it has certainly been growing at a very fast clip for the last few years, we continue to have big ambitions for that business. And as we think about our investments in technology, in our supply, and in our teams and our partner relationships, I think we've got really great assets to continue being leaders in B2B. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jed Kelly from Oppenheimer. 
Jed Kelly: Great. Can you just sort of dive into some of the mechanics around the recent head count reduction? How much of that is coming out of capitalized software versus how much can be reinvested into marketing?
 And then in your hotel segment, great to see double-digit growth. Can you talk about how that's trending in North America relative to international? 
Julie Whalen: Sure. I'll take the cost actions question. We have not broken out in detail how much is impacting each line. As I mentioned, you can see it within cost of sales improvements, you could see it in the overhead improvements, you can kind of deduce how much of that is due to that. But you can also see it in our cap labor, in our capital expenditures, at least this quarter, how they've come down. A significant portion of that is associated with capital labor.
 I think the reason why we didn't want to unpack it all, especially this year, is there's a lot of moving parts. Like I said, hitting across 3 lines, cost of sales, overhead and capital labor. Most of it or a significant piece of it is capital labor, and it is a partial year for the savings. And as you asked, we are going to be taking some of that savings, which is implied within our guidance, and reinvesting it back into marketing. But on an annualized basis, on a go-forward basis, it's substantial and will hit across those 3 lines. 
Peter Kern: Yes. And I'll just jump in on the hotel segment. I mean, obviously, a couple of things to keep in mind. It's all our businesses. As Ariane mentioned, our B2B business has more exposure to international, so that has some of the better tailwinds, has been in international. Our international investments have been doing well, but that's a fairly small part of our B2C business and all.
 So the short answer is yes, hotel segment is growing more outside the U.S. just because of tailwinds. But we are growing it in the U.S. and we are taking share in the U.S. So both are good. We'd obviously love it if the U.S. had tailwinds of 10% macro growth, but it doesn't. But we are growing and we are growing share in the U.S., and as I mentioned, growing share in most of our focus markets. And then B2B benefits from a little more geographical diversity into Asia and LatAm and other places that are growing a bit faster. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Post from Bank of America. 
Justin Post: I just want to dive in a little bit more on Vrbo. Obviously, huge customer surge during the pandemic. And then it looked like your app strategy of getting apps distributed was working. So just kind of what's not meeting your expectations? Is it the paid channel or is it reactivating customers that -- to kind of higher repeat rates? And what's the plan to fix that?
 And then second, can you provide any detail on the mix of Vrbo versus core, how that's trending? I think people are coming up with their own estimates whether it's down or not, but we would love some commentary to help us with that. 
Peter Kern: Yes. Well, I'll do the bad news first. We can't help you with the splits. We don't break out the business that way. But I'll talk about the beginning part, which is, yes, we saw a huge pandemic surge. That was great for customer acquisition. It was great for the Vrbo business. And to be clear, we are still well above 2019 levels even as we sit today.
 So the category has seen a boost. It has sustained the boost. I think what -- when you get to what we're not happy with now is just we went through, as we've said many times, we have to go backwards to go forward. On Vrbo, that meant changing the product, going through the migration. And for us, it meant that we didn't think we could spend our money efficiently on Vrbo while we were going through that.
 So we are winning back customer -- we're winning back new customers with new marketing as we push in with investment. We have to get customers back who may have gone through the bumpy period of migration. But also VR is fairly flat in North America right now in terms of demand. So again, we don't have the tailwinds of just a growth driver that was there.
 Now we do believe we have the best product. We do believe One Key makes it the most valuable. We do believe we have great supply. And so it's really getting the customers back in. And One Key, on that point, gives us a really good tool to attract not only Vrbo customers back, but as Ariane mentioned, customers from Expedia and Hotels.com, where we have a much bigger base of total humans and customers in those pools, to bring them into Vrbo and see the benefits of staying within our universe of products.
 So we have a lot of tools to use. We're just really putting them to use now again, now that we're past the migration, now that we know the product experience is what we want it to be. And we will keep making it better. But it's at a place where we're happy with it, and we can invest behind it, and we know the returns will come through and the product will be sticky when customers get to us.
 So that's really what we're -- that's the backdrop, and we're just investing into that backdrop, and we've got to keep driving it. We gave up some ground, clearly, and now we have to win it back. 
Operator: Our last question comes from Tom Champion from Piper Sandler. 
Thomas Champion: Ariane, the business remains in transition, and it seems to be maybe a difficult period. I'm just curious how you think about your priorities over the next quarter or 2. Tactically, where are you going to allocate your time and really focus first?
 And then for Julie, I'm wondering if you can just elaborate a little bit on the margin commentary for full year and your expectations. There's a head count reduction. The tech stack being migrated would seem to be a cost savings. Where are you going to be investing such that margins will be more similar to last year versus maybe improving? 
Ariane Gorin: Thanks, Tom. Look, on the next quarter or 2 -- like let me say, even if I've been in this business for 11 years, stepping into the CEO role is a new perspective. And so I will listen and learn with our teams over the months to come. I think we have set really solid foundations. And as I said in my prepared remarks, one thing is helping the teams get back to the basics of traffic and conversion and delivering the acceleration that's implied in our guidance.
 So there's going to be a part of it which is helping the team focus on execution in the short term to deliver our acceleration, and then also sort of listening and learning and figuring out if there are places that we may need to adapt or adjust anything to really deliver on our long-term growth.
 So I would say lots of time with our teams internally. Obviously, lots of time with partners and the like, and again, I think I'm fortunate that we have a really great team here that's all motivated to want to win. So I'm looking forward to spending time with them in a couple of months to come. 
Julie Whalen: And then on the margins question, now going to relatively in line with last year as opposed to margin expansion, it's really a function of where we end up in the range of possible outcomes on the top line. Because we're still generating cost of sales leverage, we're still generating overhead leverage, we're still motivated, obviously, to get back to marketing leverage.
 It's just a function of where we see the ramp-up in the back half and what spot on the top line we end up being at. And so we want to make sure we give ourselves enough room to be able to make the investments that we need to make in Vrbo to reinvigorate that brand, and in our international markets to obviously support our growth initiative to expand outside the U.S. And so that gives us that opportunity. 
Peter Kern: Thank you, everybody. I think that's our last call. Thank you, operator. I think we're finished. 
Operator: This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect your lines. Have a nice day.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-08 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Expedia Group Q4 2023 Financial Results Teleconference. My name is Lauren, and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]. For opening remarks, I will turn the call over to SVP, Corporate Development Strategy and Investor Relations, Harshit Vaish. Please go ahead.
Harshit Vaish: Good afternoon, and welcome to Expedia Group's Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. I'm pleased to be joined on today's call by our CEO, Peter Kern, and our CFO, Julie Whalen. As a reminder, our commentary today will include references to certain non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are included in our earnings release. And unless otherwise stated, any reference to expenses exclude stock-based compensation. We will also be making forward-looking statements during the call, which are predictions, projections or other statements about future events. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Actual results could materially differ due to factors discussed during this call and in our most recent Forms 10-K, 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we do not undertake any responsibility to update these forward-looking statements. Our earnings release, SEC filings, and the replay of today's call can be found on our investor relations website at ir.xpediagroup.com. And with that, let me turn the call over to Peter.
Peter Kern: Thank you, Harshit, and good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us today. First of all, I just want to acknowledge the news that I will be stepping down in May as CEO after my contract ends, and will be passing the baton to Ariane Gorin, who currently heads our Expedia for Business. As many of you know, when I started this unexpected journey during COVID, travel was at a standstill. Money was flowing out of the company faster than we could replace it. And our people, our shareholders, and most of the world were unsure how and when we would ever come back. Strangely, those days never really worried me. Maybe I'm an optimist, but I always believed we'd get back to life and travel would follow. While you might assume that COVID was the defining part of my tenure, in reality, we quickly saw an opportunity to use our COVID time to embark on one of the most audacious and ambitious transformations I think a company of our size has ever attempted. It was always my hope that we would finish this massive task by now, but I'd be lying if I didn't say that was sometimes in doubt. We had many fits and starts as we took on this massive overhaul. But when you do something as bold as we were attempting, you have to be prepared to deal with some mess. And as much as anything, I'm proud that we were not afraid of the mess, and we pushed through. And as the work began to accelerate in the back half of last year, I could finally see that we would, in fact, meet my timetable. Over the last four years, we built a tremendous team who in turn accomplished amazing things. I have to say that what started in an unlikely and difficult way turned out to be one of the most compelling and challenging opportunities of my career. Now I'm not going anywhere yet, and I intend to sprint through the finish line on the way out. Among my important tasks between now and then is ensuring an absolutely seamless transition to Arianne and making sure none of our team misses a beat. I just want to say that I've had the pleasure of working with Arianne closely for the last four years, and I believe she is a terrific choice to take the company forward and build on what we have created. She is a seasoned leader with a very successful track record at Expedia Group, including most recently as head of our market-leading B2B business. I look forward to working with Arianne over the next few months, and I will not be going far as I return to my perch as Vice Chairman. Now that I've addressed that, let's move on to our results. I was generally very pleased with our performance in 2023. We met our guidance despite what was a year of tremendous change. It is really difficult to fully appreciate the breadth of change and the volatility that such change can create. We've discussed this many times, but when you have to willingly take steps backward to go forward, you create a lot of inherent unpredictability. And yet despite that, we delivered and landed the year. In the fourth quarter, we saw strong revenue and EBITDA performance, but we did see some softness in gross bookings, driven primarily by AIR, which in turn was largely driven by a reduction in average ticket prices. As you all know, AIR does not impact revenue or profitability very much, but it does have an outsized impact on our overall gross bookings. While AIR has been showing some signs of macro softening, we continue to improve our AIR product with new AI-driven features and pricing capabilities. And like many areas of our business, we see significant opportunity to grow, regardless of any macro headwinds. Our lodging business held up very well and had yet another record quarter, with our hotel gross bookings growing 13% year-over-year. Vrbo finished its planned front-end migration in Q4 and suffered expected conversion, degradation. But it now has more tests running than ever in its history, and we are clawing back conversion at a breakneck pace. We also cut back last year on Vrbo marketing in concert with the expected conversion degradation, but are now really excited about our new brand work that is designed to punch our main competitors squarely in the nose, and we are leaning back into spend. There's a bit of lag effect as we ramp back up, but we are excited to get Vrbo back on offense with the product improving every day, the impact from improved and increased marketing, and of course, our secret weapon in One Key, whose effect we'll only continue to build. We did an awful lot in 2023, from the launch of One Key to the completion of the Vrbo migration, from the plumbing of machine learning and AI into more and more of our customer experience, to the launch of chat GPT-assisted trip planning. But more important than any win in2023 is the sheer magnitude of change we have driven since we embarked on our transformation journey at the beginning of 2020. Over this period, we rationalized investments in over 20 brands to three or fewer in every region. We eliminated dependency on 76 different agencies around the globe and instead built an entire full-service marketing, creative, and media buying team internally. We consolidated all performance marketing into one group, with unified data and tools, allowing us to optimize across brands and bring programmatic approaches to everything we do in meta-search, social, SEO, and everywhere else. And we fundamentally shifted the business from transactional web arbitrage to app-first, focused on acquiring and retaining the customers with the highest LTV and return on investment. On the tech side, we decommissioned 17 CRM systems and built one universal messaging platform linking all brands. We went from seven different loyalty stacks to one key. We consolidated from 13 machine learning platforms and four experimentation platforms to one. We converged 300 million customer data profiles into one common identity platform. We have meaningfully reduced the number of developer tools and optimized our IT footprint. And most importantly, all our brands are now on a single front-end stack with a unified test-to-learn platform that gives us the ability to rapidly launch tests and features across brands, platforms, and geos. It is hard to fully conceptualize how much we have changed, but perhaps one simple way is to double-click on how all these elements allow us to massively accelerate our test-and-learn capability and drive faster feature deployment and better performance in the product. Our unified front-end now allows us to deploy features around the globe and on any brand at a pace we could not contemplate just a couple years ago. What used to take months, even years, now takes weeks and sometimes just days? Our recent launch of cars on Hotels.com in the U.S. is a perfect example of something that never made the cut list because of the massive engineering lift. But post-unifying the front-end stacks, it took literally weeks to deploy. That same unified front-end allows us to massively increase the breadth and impact of our test-and-learns, while our single test environment, along with ML and AI woven throughout the customer experience, now allow us to run many multiples of the tests we used to and call them much faster, the combination of which will allow us to effectively 8X our test-and-learn impact in 2024. It cannot be stated strongly enough. We are just at a completely different place technologically, and the effects we have seen so far are only just scratching the surface of what is possible. And while there are endless achievements to be proud of in our transformation, it is equally remarkable that even while swapping out our engine mid-flight, we were able to deliver consistently solid financial performance. We grew our business throughout our transformation, notably reaching record levels of lodging gross bookings and revenue, despite having sold off and shuttered a number of businesses along the way. Our continued operating discipline has driven EBITDA margins to the highest levels in over a decade. We have used our strong free cash flow to aggressively buy back our stock at attractive prices, and as a result, our share count today is down to 2015 levels. We have closed over 100 office locations, and we have 30% fewer heads than our 2019 peak. And meaningfully, we have gone from approximately 30% of people working in product and tech in 2019 to 50% today. Again, we are at a truly different place as a company as we launch into 2024, which does not mean that it's all just linear improvement from here, that learn and test-and-learn is a big part of our journey, and we will still get things wrong in our tireless effort to improve the customer experience. But we can afford to get a lot more wrong as we, in fact, get a lot more right. Ultimately, more at-bats, the sheer power of going fast and simplifying our ability to innovate is what puts us in a position to once again lead our industry technologically for the next decade. So what does all that mean for 2024? On a macro level, we expect travel demand to remain relatively healthy, but we expect growth rates across the world to decelerate, especially early in the year as we lap the post-Omicron tailwinds we saw last year. We are still expecting much faster growth internationally outside North America and Western Europe, though we expect the gap to continue closing. We may also see some softness in prices across categories. This past quarter, both hotel and vacation rental ADRs grew very slightly, but the mixed effects led to overall lodging ADRs declining year-over-year. And as I mentioned earlier, air ticket prices have declined, particularly in the U.S., and we are seeing some continued pressure on car rental rates. Against this backdrop, though, we are well-positioned to go back on offense, gain share against competition, and ultimately grow our top and bottom line meaningfully this year. Our strategy will remain largely unchanged, but we can finally stop doing surgery on ourselves and instead execute without the numerous distractions we have faced in recent years. We will be laser-focused on five strategic priorities, which broadly translate to all parts of our business. First, we will continue our focus on acquiring and retaining high ROI travelers. We've become much sharper about measuring customer lifetime value and targeting who to go after and which channels. With a greatly improved product driven by the latest ML and AI capabilities, and One Key, which now has over 100 million members, we will continue to drive greater retention, repeat, and direct business, all of which underpins our shift towards more loyalty in app members. In fact, we ended the year with our highest-ever percentage of business coming from the app, up nearly 600 basis points year-over-year. We will be scaling One Key internationally this year and expect to see our mix of app members continue to increase in those markets, With better customer targeting, constantly improving a stickier AI-driven products, and One Key, we feel really good about continuing to build momentum and value in our member roles. Our second priority will be to increase our share of wallet with our travelers and partners. Again, with a product that uses AI and ML to predict a consumer's best next action in order to sell complimentary items, be it in the booking flow, post-booking, and in CRM communications, our core experience will continue to drive more items and more dollars into the consumer's basket. We will also drive more cross-brand and cross-product engagement through One Key, which enables cross-earn and redemption across all our key brands and encourages consumers to stay in our ecosystem for all their travel needs. We are already seeing early signs of this with an increasing number of customers who cross-shop our brands in the U.S. since the launch of One Key. And as we continue to roll out One Key outside the U.S. and now have the ability to roll out new lines of business on different brands, we expect all of these moves to allow us to capture more wallet share from our consumers. Our third priority will be to accelerate our global market expansion. We've talked before about how we retrenched back to the U.S. during the pandemic while we were overhauling our tech platform and marketing model. We pulled back in certain countries where we did not have the right product market fit and had been spending more but losing share. Now, after changing virtually everything from how we market to how we retain customers to our entire product experience, we have what it takes to go back on offense. In the back half of 2023, we were able to hold or build share in most of our core markets, and now we have the opportunity to be more aggressive. In 2024, you will see us spend up in a number of markets to reclaim real share where we believe we have the right to win. Our fourth priority will be to continue cementing our leadership in the B2B segment. Revenue in this segment grew a stellar 33% in 2023 versus 2022. While it benefited from the APAC reopening, and we expect those geo tailwinds to moderate somewhat this year, we are still expecting very strong growth given our differentiated capabilities and a huge TAM to still penetrate. As I have explained before, our B2B business benefits from all the work we have done in product and technology to win in B2C, along with all the B2B specific innovations we have rolled out over the last few years. We are seeing a strong pipeline of new customers globally, and we continue to find ways to gain wallet share in our accounts. And beyond just offering supply, we have achieved good early results in externalizing components of our technology to our partners as well. Overall, I'm very enthusiastic about reinforcing our leadership in powering the travel industry. Our fifth strategic priority will be to drive efficiency and effectiveness across our business. As I mentioned, we have grown our EBITDA margins to their highest levels in a decade, growing over 300 basis points since 2019. But we are capable of much more. All of our transformation work was not only to enhance our consumer experience, but also to allow us to do more with less. We have significant opportunity to run more efficiently across the company, to eliminate redundant systems, to keep optimizing in the cloud, and utilize the latest productivity capabilities from AI. In addition, we will keep leveraging our technology leadership to find opportunities for decreasing costs while increasing customer experience. The work we have done in improving our customer service operations is a great case study. By building better technology and self-service tools, we have both improved our NPS and created massive efficiencies, all while maintaining our best-in-class service. And generative AI will only accelerate this trend. So in closing, I'm incredibly pleased and proud of everything we have accomplished over the last few years, and I'm really excited about our path forward. Thanks to our massive transformation, we are now a very different company than we were four years ago. We are set up to out-innovate our competition for the next decade and efficiently deliver the best experiences for our customers and partners. And if we do that, the business and shareholder returns will take care of themselves. While you have to kick me around for one more earning cycle, let me just say that in addition to the gratitude I feel for the team and all that we have done to foster our collective interests, I'm also grateful to our chairman, our board, and our shareholders for supporting the ambition we had and helping us get to this point. And with that, I will hand it over to Julie.
Julie Whalen: Thanks, Peter, and hello, everyone. Before I get into our financials, I do want to take a moment to thank Peter and to express my confidence in Ariane as our new CEO come May. I've had the pleasure of knowing Peter since I joined Expedia Group's board in 2019, and of course, in a more detailed manner since assuming my role as CFO in 2022. Throughout this journey, Peter has done an amazing job navigating us through the pandemic, driving our massive business transformation, and setting us up for a very successful future. I am so thankful to have had the opportunity to work for Peter. He will be missed, but I am glad he'll continue to support Expedia Group through his ongoing role on our board as Vice Chairman. At the same time, I look forward to working alongside Ariane as she assumes her new role as CEO this May. Ariane and I have partnered closely together since I first came to Expedia Group. She's an accomplished operator who has been in our leadership team for many years, and it will be great to have someone so familiar with our business and our ecosystem lead us into this next exciting phase for our company. And now let's turn to the financials. Our fourth quarter results once again reflect another quarter of accelerating performance on the top and bottom line, with revenue and EBITDA growing double digits to record levels. This continued strong quarterly performance resulted in full year results at the highest levels we have ever seen across lodging bookings and overall revenue in EBITDA. For full year 2023, we delivered over $104 billion in total gross bookings, growing 10% versus last year, including almost $74 billion in lodging bookings, growing 11%, with the hotel business growing even faster at 18%. We drove $12.8 billion of revenue, growing 10%, and we also generated $2.7 billion of EBITDA, with EBITDA margin of 21%, which grew faster than revenue at 14%, and resulted in year-over-year margin expansion of almost 75 basis points. In addition, our B2C business saw meaningful sequential acceleration in year-over-year revenue growth in the back half of the year, and generated marketing leverage for the full year. And our B2B business went from strength to strength, having its most successful year in our history, with both top and bottom line growth of over 33%. And this overall strong financial performance resulted in us meeting our full year guidance of double digit top line growth with margin expansion. Now I will discuss more of the details regarding our fourth quarter results. Total gross bookings of $21.7 billion were up 6% versus last year. Gross bookings were impacted by some pressure in our air bookings in the quarter, primarily driven by lower average ticket prices as more capacity came online, as well as overall gross bookings pressure at the beginning of the quarter from the crisis in the Middle East, as we called out on our last quarter's earnings call. Gross bookings for lodging, our largest business, had another record quarter growing 8%, relatively in line with our third quarter growth rate. And we saw even faster growth in our hotel business at 13%. We also continued to gain or maintain share in our hotel business across our key markets around the world, consistent with last quarter. Moving to the key financial metrics in the P&L, starting with total revenue. Revenue of $2.9 billion was the highest on record and grew 10% versus last year. This was an approximate 160 basis point acceleration from the third quarter, driven by both our B2C and B2B segments. Revenue growth is primarily driven by the continued performance of lodging, which grew 14%. Total revenue margin also increased by approximately 55 basis points versus last year, primarily driven by the continued mix to lodging, which has higher margins. Cost of sales was $336 million for the quarter and $72 million or 17% lower than last year, which combined with our strong top line growth drove approximately 390 basis points of leverage as a percentage of revenue versus last year. We were pleased to see that our ongoing initiatives to deliver an improved customer experience and increased automation are resulting in continued operating efficiencies, resulting in lower costs year-over-year, despite higher top line growth. Direct sales and marketing expense in the fourth quarter was $1.4 billion, which was up 14% versus last year, largely due to an increase in commissions in our B2B business to support its ongoing strong revenue growth of 28% year-over-year. As we have stated previously, commissions paid to our B2B partners are in our direct sales and marketing line and are more expensive as a percentage of revenue than our B2C business. However, because they are generally paid on a state basis to contractually agreed upon percentages, the returns are more guaranteed and immediate. In our B2C business, our marketing spend as a percentage of gross bookings was flat. Overhead expenses were $654 million, an increase of $64 million versus last year or 11%. As we have stated previously, this increase is a result of our investment and talent across our product and technology teams to support our strategic initiatives. With our strong revenue performance and expense discipline, with expenses overall growing slower than revenue, we delivered record EBITDA of $532 million, which was up 19% year-over-year, with an EBITDA margin of 18.5%, expanding over 130 basis points year-over-year. Both EBITDA growth and margin expansion accelerated sequentially from the third quarter. This strong earnings growth enabled us to generate another year of robust free cash flow at $1.8 billion. Free cash flow year-over-year would have been even higher, but was impacted by timing changes within working capital. Last year as the business emerged from the pandemic, we saw meaningful year-over-year increases in our deferred merchant bookings balance, which has since normalized this year. These strong free cash flow levels enabled us to complete our largest ever level of share repurchases at $2 billion, or over 19 million shares. Moving on to our balance sheet, we ended the quarter with strong liquidity of 6.8 billion, driven by our unrestricted cash balance of $4.2 billion, and our undrawn revolving line of credit of $2.5 billion, which provides us with plenty of cash to operate the business. Our debt level remains at approximately $6.3 billion, with an average cost at only 3.7%. Our gross leverage ratio, at a further reduced 2.3 times, continues to make progress towards our target gross leverage ratio of 2 times, driven by our ongoing strong EBITDA growth. As we look ahead towards 2024, we anticipate that market growth rates will moderate in 2024, given the absence of COVID-driven tailwinds that were prominent last year. But despite this backdrop, given the operational changes we have made to our business over the last couple of years, we expect to have another strong year with top line year-over-year growth, relatively in line with what we saw in 2023. On the bottom line, we believe we have further room to optimize our cost structure, and therefore improve margins. We expect to continue to drive operating efficiencies and cost of sales across our customer support and other operations. And with overhead expenses, as we have said, we expect to drive savings this year as we deprecate systems and redeploy resources, now that the bulk of our replatforming is in the rearview mirror. These efficiencies and overhead will also translate over to reduced CapEx levels. Overall, we are taking a very close look at streamlining our cost structure to align with the next phase of our journey. And based on our initial estimates, these actions are expected to result in approximately $80 million to $100 million in one-time GAAP expenses on the year, heavily weighted towards the first quarter. We are still finalizing the details, but we expect to have more to share this quarter. As far as marketing, we are investing behind our global expansion efforts to reignite our international growth and drive further market share gains. This will naturally drive some shorter-term pressure on marketing efficiency for our B2C business. But despite this incremental investment, we expect to still drive overall B2C marketing leverage on the year as a percentage of gross bookings, as we continue to improve direct transactions, retention, and conversion with more scale. Putting this all together, we expect to deliver another record year of EBITDA with EBITDA margin expansion at levels relatively similar to what we saw in 2023. This EBITDA growth and some possible early repayment of debt should enable us to hit our target leverage ratio of approximately two times this year. We also expect this EBITDA growth, combined with the benefit we expect to see from the CapEx efficiencies I mentioned earlier, to drive strong free cash flow growth. And we aim to leverage the strong free cash flow to further maximize shareholder returns. While our stock prices increased in recent months, we continue to believe that it remains undervalued and does not reflect our expected long-term performance of the business. As such, we will utilize the strong cash-generating power of our business and our new $5 billion share repurchase authorization announced last quarter to continue buying back our stock opportunistically. As it pertains to our first quarter outlook, last year our first quarter was very strong, and we therefore are facing some tough comps in the first quarter of 2024. Additionally, to start the year, we have seen continued pressure in air due to reduced pricing levels from increased capacity and the grounding of the Boeing fleet, as well as some pressure in our Vrbo brand, as Peter alluded to earlier. As a result, we expect our gross bookings growth in the first quarter to be in the low to mid-single digits, and our revenue growth to be in the mid-single digits. In addition, we expect some EBITDA margin compression consistent with the levels we saw in Q1 last year. As we move throughout the year, we expect our growth rates will increase due to conversion gains from product improvements, the continued stacking of high ROI customers accelerated further by momentum building in our One Key Loyalty Program, and higher traction in our faster growing global markets. So in closing, I am really proud of what our team has been able to accomplish to the successful execution of our multi-year initiatives, which enabled us to deliver one of the strongest financial years on record here at Expedia Group. Yet it feels like we're just getting started. With most of the heavy lifting behind us, we are now better positioned than ever to go on the offense, and this combined with our strong financial position should enable us to continue to deliver long-term profitable growth and shareholder returns. And with that, I would now like to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Naved Khan from B. Riley. Naved, please go ahead.
Naved Khan: Yes, thanks a lot. And Peter, we'll miss you on these calls after the Q1 call. But I have a few questions, one on Vrbo, with the migration complete. I think you talked about sort of, the app update kind of taking some time. And I'm a little surprised that it's still been seeing some weakness in January. Just give us some color on what exactly is the reason for that. And you talked about some sort of green shoots. So give us some commentary there. And then maybe on One Key, can you talk about maybe where maybe the learnings are? Are you satisfied with the retention and the convergence so far? And how much room do you see for improvement from here on? And also in terms of international rollout, I think previously you talked about first half for that. Is that still on the cards?
Peter Kern: Yes. So three good questions. Lots of material there. Thanks, Naved. And you can call me anytime if you miss my voice. The first on Vrbo, I would say, if you think about what we were doing at the tail end of last year, we were pushing to 100% migration, the app, everything moved over. And I think as we told you, everybody, these steps come with expected conversion degradation because you can't get everything to par. It takes forever. You have to move everything and start working on the new product. So we did that. I'd say that degradation was broadly in line or slightly better than what we hoped, but it was still there. And when you're doing that, you obviously are not investing as heavily in terms of marketing because you're marketing people into a less converting product. So you kind of tend to back off on that spend because the spend becomes less efficient. As you now get to a place where the product is ramping back up very quickly and we've clawed back much of the conversion, which is I think the green shoots you're referring to. So we're actually gaining much faster than at least in my tenure I've ever seen us gain back in terms of one of these transitions. And the product is basically virtually back to the same levels of conversion. Now we can push back in and spend again. There is a little bit of a lag there because you've been underspending, if you will, for a bit waiting for the product to get to where it's converting as strongly. Now we are spending back up. So it will take a little time to get the engines fully operational, if you will, but it's more or less a sequence we expected to happen. It's just you're seeing it on our numbers now. As far as One Key goes, I think you said, am I satisfied with what we're seeing? I'd say I'm satisfied. It's still early days. I mean, we're seeing a lot of the indicators we want to see, as I alluded to, cross shopping is good. We're seeing one of the things we hope to achieve was getting Hotels.com customers who had fewer than 10 stamps, people who hadn't gotten to earn anything yet, to be more engaged with the product. And we're seeing their repeat rates improve and their business improve. We're starting to see Vrbo customers earn and now burn their one key rewards not only on Vrbo, but other places. But again, those cycles are a bit long. So it will take longer for the millions of people who have now earned One Key cash on Vrbo who didn't used to, to come back and spend it because they may not rent a house for six months or a year. But that is where we're laying in that opportunity with our customer base, and then we're crossing that opportunity across the brands, and we're seeing good signs across shopping and people starting to use more brands. So that's all consistent with what we hoped, but this isn't, it's not a switch you flip. When you talk about travel timing, many people only travel once or twice a year, so it takes a little time, and we're building that in. So all good so far, but looking forward to it being even much more impactful over time. And then international expansion. We're not detailing which countries we're doing exactly when for competitive reasons, but One Key will roll out, we will push back into a number of markets that were historically pretty strong for us, and have stayed reasonably strong, but we just think we have a lot of opportunity. And then we will have some tests into some markets that we haven't been as invested in historically, where we think there's opportunity with the new product, new marketing approaches, etcetera. So a lot of exciting opportunity on the international front. It's not all dependent on One Key. We think there's opportunity regardless, but in the markets where it's relevant, where we have multiple brands that have high brand awareness, we will be launching One Key there, and we think it will only enhance that.
Naved Khan: Great, thank you, Peter.
Peter Kern: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Kopelman from Cowen. Kevin, please go ahead.
Kevin Kopelman: Thank you very much. Yes, first of all, Peter, congrats on your tenure. We'll definitely miss you on working with you on the calls. I did want to ask a question on that. Could you let us into your thought process a little bit, or any color on your decision to step away in the timing?
Peter Kern: Yes, sure. I mean, I think I tried to capture it in my comments, but when this started, the idea was for me to come in for a period of time and sort of ride the ship, put us where we wanted to be, and then build the team and make sure we had the people to take it forward for the next generation, as it were. And the transformation turned into a bigger, I bit off more than I thought I was going to, and it was a bigger job than I thought it was, and I had my doubts a year ago, but we've made so much progress, and as I stared at, and the board and I stared at, should I go further, etcetera? I love this company, I love the category, I love my team. We've built an amazing group here, but I built it so that they could take it forward, and there's never a right time, but hopefully this is a good time to transition. We're fortunate to have Ariane, we're fortunate to have all the people around her that we've brought in or have been here many years, and I just think the company's ready, and I'll be here till May, I'll be busting my butt till then. I don't know how to do it a different way, but, and look, we still, transformations are never done, the work is never done, there isn't like an end date, and it's like, good, we did number 100 on our list of 100 things to do, but we've just made so much progress that I think the company's in a good place for it, and it felt like the right time for everybody.
Kevin Kopelman: Understood, and thanks for that, and if I could just ask a quick follow-up on Naved's question on Vrbo. Could you walk us through what that looks like as you pass through Q2? Is it fair to think about that as an easier comp once you anniversary the initial platform upgrade, and what the timeframe could be to get that back to flat and then growth?
Peter Kern: Yes, I think basically you can assume we anticipate growing out of this consistently across the year. Fourth quarter will be higher than third quarter, higher than second quarter, higher than first quarter. So we expect to continue growing. I think as I alluded to, conversion is now basically back to where it was before we did all this, but we didn't do it to get to even. We did it to get to materially better, and now Vrbo can benefit, and the reason it's going as quickly as it is we have lots of winning tests, if you will, that we used on the broader OTA platform that are also winners for Vrbo. So we're able to take a lot of our winning experiments, move them over to Vrbo, and get that humming again, but we continue to go further, and as I alluded to, our ability to multiply our test and learn capacity in a material way, both in speed and in breadth, is really changing how we do things. So now when we have tests many of our tests we launch across all our brands across all our platforms all devices And we just couldn't do that before so the speed of improvement we expect to continue to accelerate that will enhance all the brands, but Vrbo is the one that has a hole to dig out of, that were the most recent hole to dig out of and so we expect that to continue to grow we expect the investment back into the brand to continue to have impact. We expect the cross shopping effect of having the H com and Expedia customers being able to use their One Key cash number about to have an effect. So all of that we expect to continue to build throughout the year, but we shot our own foot off on purpose Late last year we pulled back on spend because we thought that was the rational thing to do given the conversion situation and now we're leaning back in and it's really as simple as that except we expect to improve faster in product and I still think we have the best-in-class marketing full stop in our category And when we go back on offense it will take hold and both of those things will work together.
Kevin Kopelman: Great, thanks Peter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Eric Sheridan from Golden Sachs. Eric, please go ahead.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks so much for taking the question I'd love to ask more of a big picture one now with One Key in the market and elements of the Replatforming behind you, how should we think about some of the things you talked about in the prepared remarks about unified product offerings and being more innovative in the way you go to market and retain customers and drive direct traffic And how we should be thinking about some of the product roadmap that you're most excited about and the mixture of both growth that could come from those initiatives versus investments that still need to be made. Thanks.
Peter Kern: Yes, I mean I'd say broadly working backwards I don't think their investments of time calories to be made. But in terms of investments of money and capital, I think we're on the other side of that hill and we expect to be able to do things more efficiently going forward. But if you talk about One Key and the product itself as I say like, One Key is a great way to create stickiness within our environment, but you might have heard me mention that we've we finally migrated all our CRM virtually 100% of our CRM and the brands to our new unified messaging platform that platform allows us to do things much faster to communicate with customers. So whether we have One Key benefits whether we have new, new offerings in One Key whether there are One Key bonuses, all the things we can use to merchandise and keep people and use One Key to be the glue that keeps members sticky. And remember, member members get more than just One Key They get member discounts in the product and in many of the products were expanding that every day We now have deeper discounts for silver and gold. And so there's just a lot of things to keep them in, but it's important to be able obviously to communicate with them in the most modern ways and that's what our new single messaging platform allows us to do. And then you add on to that, this kind of goes to the broader point as we've woven, we've improved the products, we've added new features, but I say you said what am I most excited about? It's really machine learning and AI plumbed into essentially the entire product experience, because what that gets you is effectively a personalized experience for every customer and that's from the front end basic shopping flows as I mentioned to post-booking to CRM and everything else and the more we can connect and now that we have a single identity for our customers, and now that we can use that data to give them the best experience we're seeing some of our best wins now just as algorithms improve and learn and new versions come out whether it's to optimize pictures or content or what you see in what order what filters are applied like those kinds of things that we can now do at scale That is what I'm most excited about. I mean, we have lots of cool features. we have all kinds of things going on to improve the air shopping experience the package shopping experience. You name it, but really at its core. I think having plumbed in the AI and ML we can now do so much more, so much more quickly and it will feel to the consumer like a much more customized experience that's relevant to them. And I think that's inherently sticky in a way that frankly travel products have not historically been in our space. So that's what I'm most excited about.
Eric Sheridan: Thank you, Peter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Lee Horowitz from Deutsche Bank. Lee please go ahead.
Lee Horowitz: Great. Thanks for the question. First Peter, congrats on your tenure. Thanks again It's been a crazy couple years and congratulations on all that you've accomplished over that time period. Maybe just sticking with Vrbo as we think about it in 2024. I guess one, how do you feel about the overall health of the alternative accommodations industry? Do you think there may be some continued pricing headwinds in say core vacation rental destinations as travel patterns continue to normalize and perhaps some macro weakness plays through? And then secondly, can you provide any thoughts on how the competitive set for Vrbo has evolved over the past couple of years, maybe as you've taken your foot off the gas and how maybe this shifting competitive landscape, if it is happening, is informing your strategies to get this business back to humming again? Thanks.
Peter Kern: Yes, sure, Lee, and thanks for your thoughts. It has been a couple of crazy years. I would say a few things. Sort of working backwards, I think, obviously we've seen VR continue to be healthy even post pandemic as habits have shifted. However, there's like VR within VR. So Urban has done better. We are not heavily weighted to Urban. Some of our competitors are. I think that's what you mean by the evolving landscape. Obviously Airbnb has always been there. Booking has been doing more with that product. Again, largely, as best we can tell, focused and benefiting from the Urban side of VR or alternative accommodations. We're still squarely situated in our core markets. We haven't made a big decision to pivot to Urban, but one of the things that's enabled by all the migrations we're doing that will come this year, we have a bunch of multi-unit VR inventory on our OTA brands that is not on Vrbo. And we still have some Vrbo content that is not on our OTA brand. So there's still opportunity to do more in sharing the inventory we already possess. We've had no shortage of finding inventory, and I think housing market issues and other things probably make that macro easier now. It's really just changing habits. Now, our hedge against renting a mountain house or a beach house is, of course, renting a hotel or resort room as the alternative, and we've participated very well in that, and we feel good about our position there. But I think we feel very good about Vrbo. We needed to get the product to a new place. We are now firmly on that journey. I don't think we gave space to anybody. I think we have a good brand. We have an improving product that I have no doubt will be best-in-class. And we just have to get back on offense. And again, this is one of those places where you had to take a pause, go slow to go fast. And the slow part always hurts a little, but if you don't do it, you can never go fast. So we're in a good spot now, and I think we just have to accelerate out of it. And I don't worry about the supply situation, and I don't really think we're losing ground to other competitors who have some super sticky product. And over time, we should have the stickiest product because our product comes with loyalty, and our loyalty is usable across any travel product. So I think that's a winning combination. We just got to keep pounding it home now, and now that we have the product to get behind, we will do that.
Lee Horowitz: Helpful, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Anthony Post from Bank of America. Anthony, please go ahead.
Anthony Post: Great, thank you. I guess a couple for Julie. You gave us the 11% growth for lodging and 18% for hotels. So we can kind of solve for Vrbo, but can you give us any range of what percent your alternative accommodation nights are or bookings just so we can not have too big of a range there? And then second, last year you were very clear, double digit top and bottom line. I think you said similar growth on the top line and then margin improvement. I mean, is that kind of saying double digit for both, or do you want to clarify kind of the growth rates at all? Thank you.
Julie Whalen: Sure. On the first one, we haven't, and I think recently we haven't given out what percent is our Vrbo piece of the business, but I think once we bought the company, there was some, obviously numbers that were provided at that time. You can do some extrapolation on the growth rate and get pretty close probably. So I don't think there's anything else that we would give out today from a disclosure perspective on that front. On the guidance perspective, we basically have said, as you alluded to, that we are planning to grow relatively in line with our growth rates from this year, which is about, call it 9.5%, 10% in GBV [ph] and 10% on revenue. And then we said with margin expansion relatively in line, which we're calling about 75 basis points for expansion this year. So that's how I would take it. I mean, relatively in line to us, plus or minus 100 or so basis points. But that's how I'd think about it, that it's both for GBV and revenue.
Anthony Post: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jed Kelly from Oppenheimer. Jed, please go ahead.
Jed Kelly: Yes. Hey, thanks. Thanks for taking my question. Just going on to your overall marketing strategy, just by watching TV, I still see you're still marketing to a lot of the brands, Hotels.com, Expedia. And do you start to pivot those brands more into One Key? Can you talk about that? And then can you just talk about your comments on streamlining expenses sort of what's the strategy behind that move? Thank you.
Peter Kern: Yes, sure. Thanks, Jed. So on the marketing front, yes. In the U.S., you will see all the brands advertised used to be far more brands. We're down to those core three and we believe in those three. I think, we're still trying to find the balance between, can they be advertised as one or do they need to be advertised as three? And what is the best way to penetrate? So I would think of that as sort of a we're on our own learning journey about what we can do, how we can help people see them as a family of products that work together. And we continue to try to optimize, be it on television, which is what you're seeing or in programmatic, or frankly, even in meta search and so forth. So we're constantly working to see what the optimum way to drive those are. But I will say in the rest of the world, we have made very conscious decisions of where we will maintain one brand or if we think it's worth it, two or three brands and what we will do there. And we will lean heavily into a high bar for there to be more than one. There has to be real brand affinity and other things that are driving that continuation of the second brand. So especially now that conceivably any of our brands could have all or any lines of business and that's not that hard for us to do. So the opportunity to take, for example, a market that is a predominant Hotel.com market and potentially add car and air and other packages and other things is within our gift now. And so we can make quite different decisions about do we need to be in with Expedia just to have air or something else? So that's really a big opportunity for us and allows us to simplify how we think about those decisions and in some ways not replicate some of the complexity we've made for ourselves over the years. So that's a work in progress. But, all those things are effective and we're working to optimize all the time on the best way to communicate that. Maybe Julie can say something about the
Julie Whalen: Yes. So on the streamlining of expenses, I think we've been saying all last year that, obviously during the transformation phase, we've ramped up in expenses. We've had duplicate systems, legacy systems while we're still building out the new system and all the costs that are associated with that across the board from cloud and licensing and maintenance and things like that. And so we have said as we come out of this transformation phase that we think there's opportunity to deprecate systems and redeploy resources and find cost savings throughout the P&L. So this is our first sort of stab, if you will, at that. And so you'll see things across the board coming out as we move throughout the year in cost of sales, in overhead. And to the extent that obviously crosses over into capital expenditures, you'll see some of the pressure coming off at least the growth rates there. And if not, it also in absolute dollars. But that's simply what that represents. We're obviously not going to go into a lot of details today, but we did purposely say that we will give you more information later this quarter. And as we move throughout the year on that, as we give you more of the details associated with it.
Peter Kern: And I would just add. That's always been the plot that we wanted. This wasn't just to build cool new things. This was also to build them the right way and be efficient in how we did it. And that's the opportunity that the transformation has also provided for us. And we're excited to be on that side of it, too, not just from an experience standpoint, but from an efficiency standpoint.
Jed Kelly: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from Mark Mahaney from Evercore ISI. Mark, please go ahead.
Mark Mahaney: Okay, thanks. I'm sure these questions have been covered, but if I could ask again, please. Of these two initiatives, the replatforming of the brands, particularly the Vrbo brand, and then the One Key strategy, I assume these are more like snowball events. Have you already seen an impact on the business or on demand cross-selling retention acquisition from these so far? Or would you, if not, could you let us have expectations of when we would? Thank you very much.
Peter Kern: Yes, Mark, I'll give you a quick answer. I think we sort of addressed some of it already. But basically, the Vrbo transition to the unified stack is more of just a, an execution thing. I think what it gives us is the opportunity now to accelerate Vrbo in terms of feature and test and learn and grow faster, as I mentioned to the rest of the group. We dug a hole, we knew we would. When we moved it to the new stack, the conversion would go down. We have been digging out of that hole. We're about back to par. But we didn't do it to get to par. We did it to accelerate far past that. And now we have the opportunity in Vrbo riding on the same rail as the other brands, gets the benefit of all the testing, shared testing opportunities, winners that we found other places and so forth. So we're excited about the progression of that product, but it had to go through the bad to get to the good. As far as One Key goes, I also mentioned, we feel very good about the early indicators. Yes, there is more cross shopping. Yes, we're seeing more repeat from certain pools of customers that we thought would benefit from this, like hotels.com customers who had less than 10 stamps in our old system and people, if you will, who hadn't earned any benefit. Now they have benefit and they're coming back more. And that's what we want to see. But as I also mentioned, while millions of people have earned One Key cash on Vrbo, a small percentage of them have re-spent it. And that just has to do with the cycles of the booking windows for Vrbo and that people rarely book more than once or twice a year. So we've got to get those, we expect to see those people back in. That's why I've said we've built up this value and now that value needs to be realized as they come back direct later, as they use that One Key cash across other brands with more cross shopping, like that's the dream. And of course getting Expedia and hotels.com members to use their One Key cash on Vrbo, which we've also seen. But again, those cycles aren't every month. People do that once, twice a year. So we're seeing good early signals, but it's all building. And that's why I'm excited. Like it's going to be a slow build, but it's going to be a great sticky thing for us over time. And again, we'll keep more and more people as we get more of the right people in, as we keep more of them, and as they get to use all of our products. And again, we capture more wallet share from them. That's what we're pushing for.
Mark Mahaney: Thank you, Peter.
Peter Kern: Thanks. And thank you everybody. I think that was the last question, operator. Is that right?
Operator: That's correct.
Peter Kern: Okay, thank you everybody. Appreciate your questions and we'll see you in May. Take care.
Operator: That concludes today's call. You may now disconnect your lines and have a nice day.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-02 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Expedia Group Q3 2023 Financial Results Teleconference. My name is Lauren, and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]. For opening remarks, I will turn the call over to SVP, Corporate Development Strategy and Investor Relations, Harshit Vaish. Please go ahead.
Harshit Vaish: Good afternoon, and welcome to Expedia Group's Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. I'm pleased to be joined on today's call by our CEO, Peter Kern, and our CFO, Julie Whalen. As a reminder, our commentary today will include references to certain non-GAAP measures. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are included in our earnings release. And unless otherwise stated, any reference expenses exclude stock-based compensation. We will also be making forward-looking statements during the call, which are predictions, projections or other statements about future events. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Actual results could materially differ due to factors discussed during this call and in our most recent Forms 10-K, 10-Q and other filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we do not undertake any responsibility to update these forward-looking statements. Our earnings release, SEC filings and a replay of today's call can be found on our Investor Relations website at ir.expediagroup.com. And with that, let me turn the call over to Peter.
Peter Kern: Thank you, Harshit, and good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us today. Our third quarter results came in ahead of our expectations with record revenue and EBITDA. This was particularly gratifying considering the fires in Maui, which had a disproportionate impact on our Vrbo business and put pressure on the top line overall. Travel demand otherwise remained solid with broad trends consistent over the last few months. North America and Europe demand remained stable with more pronounced growth in APAC and Latin America. Prices also remained stable by and large. Hotel and Vrbo ADRs are holding up in each region, but mix effects are leading to a slight year-over-year decline in overall lodging ADRs. Conversely, we have seen some modest price pressure in air and car. We are also keeping a close eye on the escalating violence in the Middle East, which appeared to have some impact on global travel in early October. More relevant to our specific performance, I'm happy to share that we've just completed the final leg of our verbal migration onto our single front-end stack with the conclusion of our global launch of the new Vrbo app this past Monday in the U.S. This marks the last of our major migrations associated with our multiyear transformation. It has been a long, complex journey, but well worth the effort as we are now in a position to accelerate into the future without the drag of transformation work that forced us to go backwards in order to go forward. We are now in a position to dramatically increase our test and learn capacity and feature release velocity while also providing a scalable and efficient base to operate upon. We continue to utilize our industry-leading AI and ML capabilities to radically improve all aspects of our traveler experience. And with the launch of One Key and our increasing ability to understand the long-term value of our travelers, we can now begin to drive faster, more profitable growth. Moving on to the key pillars of our performance, starting with our category-leading B2B business, which remains on track for a strong year with Q3 revenue growing 26% versus last year. We're winning new deals, increasing wallet share with existing partners and launching new products and features to support our growth. Demand from China, in particular, continues to pick up with Q3 bookings from China Partners up over 150% year-on-year. We anticipate continued strength from B2B going forward, driven by our continuing push into the addressable market along with the advantages that our platform improvements will bring to the B2B business, whether in core technology, the application of AI and machine learning or in service and payments. As we unify stacks, this will also further enhance the capabilities on offer for our B2B partners. But as pleased as I am with the continued growth of our B2B business, I'm even happier to see our B2C business picking up momentum with year-over-year revenue growth in Q3, accelerating over 400 basis points sequentially. This is what we've all been working so hard for us. So it's very gratifying to see these results beginning to improve. Another major milestone for us was the U.S. launch in July of One Key, our new loyalty program. One Key unifies our major brands, expediahotels.com and Vrbo, allowing our members to earn and burn one simple currency, One Key cash across our vast marketplace. As I've mentioned before, getting dividends from a program like this will take some time given the frequency with which most consumers travel. That said, we are very happy with the early results and traction One Key had with our members. We have already migrated over 82 million members to the program. And with the addition of Vrbo to the mix, we have seen 34% growth in new members over last year. We have already seen many members using One Key cash across brands, including on Vrbo and have been pleased that Hotels.com members have not been unduly impacted and have already been using One Key cash to shop for other products on Expedia. Overall, these promising results have given us solid learnings that will be useful as we launch One Key in other countries next year. And with the Vrbo migration complete, we can now more fully lean into the core differentiation that One Key gives Vrbo in the vacation rental space. One Key, along with our ongoing efforts to more generally attract higher lifetime value customers, is accelerating our mix of loyalty members, app users and app members. And the percentage of bookings coming through our apps continues to grow and was up approximately 300 basis points sequentially in the third quarter, which ultimately contributed to our year-over-year marketing leverage in our B2C business for the third quarter. We have also been releasing exciting products and features that remove more and more friction from the planning and booking process. In September, we announced our fall release showcasing a series of new features and products squarely aimed at solving complex traveler problems and enhancing engagement. In case you missed it, I'll give you a few of the highlights. We have simplified group travel planning, providing for the first time one place for friends and family to collaborate on a group trip to see one another selections and add saved options across air lodging, car rentals and activities, significantly using the group planning process and creating a better, more successful trip for everyone. Products like these not only enhance the consumer experience but allow us to utilize a consumer's own network of friends and family to expand our reach. We've also launched tools to aid research into a given destination. Hotel prices, weather, best times to visit, crowd levels and even generative AI-powered tools to determine the best neighborhoods to stay, given the traveler one place to research where and when to stay in their dream location. We now also leverage generative AI to scrape reviews to answer traveler questions about amenities and property details. So no more sorting through hundreds of reviews to find out how strong the WiFi is, quality of the pool or whether you're going to like the breakfast. We also launched the first project of its kind, EG Labs, which allows interested customers to test our AI-powered beta products, allowing them to play a hand in how we shape the future of travel. I could literally go on and on, but the takeaway is no one in travel is innovating faster than us. And with so much important platform work behind us and with our leading capabilities and machine learning and AI, we will out innovate in the space for many years to come. We have literally worked for years and given up many short-term opportunities to get to this place, and I don't believe anyone is in a better spot technologically, which is not only exciting for our existing business but sets us up to go back on offense in many more markets next year. In closing, I'm pleased to see our solid execution in Q3 and through 2023 so far. While the geographic mix of business distorts global growth rates, we believe that we have held or grown hotel gross booking share in virtually all of our key markets and with Vrbo finally completing its migration and the key differentiator of One Key, we expect our vacation rental share to improve going forward. In addition, we are finalizing our plans for '24, where we expect to drive faster and more profitable growth. Our high-level strategy is not going to change, best product, best loyalty program, best marketplace and best service. But instead of spending most of the year doing surgery on our own business, we will be focused on growth, innovation and efficiency. I'm excited for 2024 and beyond and for what we will bring to our travelers, partners and shareholders. And with that, let me hand it over to Julie.
Julie Whalen: Thanks, Peter, and hello, everyone. Our third quarter results reflect a meaningful acceleration in the business with revenue reaching a record $3.9 billion with year-over-year growth accelerating approximately 300 basis points sequentially from the second quarter to 9% and with earnings accelerating even further to an almost 31% EBITDA margin, over 110 basis points of expansion versus last year, both of which beat expectations. It is clear our transformation strategy and growth initiatives are playing out. and we anticipate this momentum to continue into the fourth quarter. This is why we have continued buying back our stock at an accelerated level, have announced a new $5 billion share repurchase authorization and are confident to reiterate our full year guidance of double-digit top line growth with margin expansion. Now on to our results for the quarter. Total gross bookings of $25.7 billion were up 7% versus last year, a sequential acceleration in growth from last quarter. Overall, lodging gross bookings grew 8% and were the highest third quarter on record. And this acceleration would have been even higher, but for our Vrbo business given our hotel business grew at a much higher pace at 14%. Our Vrbo business was particularly impacted by the recent Maui fires as well as the brand's short-term migration to our single front-end stack and the continued softness from the demand shift towards more urban areas. Despite this impact, we saw our B2C business accelerate from the second quarter, primarily from continued strength in hotel. And our B2B business saw continued strength and outperformance consistent with what we have been seeing all year. Moving to the key financial metrics in the P&L, starting with total revenue. Revenue of $3.9 billion was the highest on record and grew 9% versus last year. Revenue growth was primarily driven by the continued performance of lodging, which grew 12%, driven by our hotel business. We also saw our B2C year-over-year revenue growth to accelerate over 400 basis points sequentially versus the second quarter. This growth was partially offset by the softness we have been seeing in our insurance and car businesses, which, as we discussed last quarter, have been impacted by some industry-wide changes post the pandemic. Both insurance and car have become less of a drag to growth this quarter, and we expect that trajectory to continue for the rest of the year as we start to comp these declines in the fourth quarter. Total revenue margin increased by approximately 20 basis points versus last year, primarily driven by the continued mix to higher lodging revenue, which have higher margins. Cost of sales was $409 million for the quarter, which is lower than last year by $42 million or 10%, with approximately 210 basis points of leverage as a percentage of revenue versus the third quarter of 2022, driven by the ongoing efficiencies we have seen all year. And while we will start to comp some of these benefits during 2024, we expect to continue to drive efficiencies as we eliminate redundant systems and reduce key costs in such areas as cloud, licenses and maintenance. Direct sales and marketing expense in the third quarter was $1.7 billion, which was up 11% versus the third quarter of 2022 due to an increase in commissions in our B2B business to support strong revenue growth of 26%. Again, commissions paid to our B2B partners are in our direct sales and marketing line and overall are more expensive as a percentage of revenue than our B2C business. But as they are generally paid on a stated basis and to a contractually agreed-upon percentage, the returns are more guaranteed and immediate. Our B2C business saw marketing leverage again this quarter as a percentage of gross bookings. These B2C marketing efficiencies resulted from the incremental benefits we are seeing from our continued investments in loyalty and app members, and we expect this positive trend to continue as higher loyalty and app members result in higher direct and repeat traffic that is more efficient. Overhead expenses were $617 million, an increase of $48 million versus last year or 9% and in line with revenue growth. As we have said, this increase is a result of our year-over-year investment in talent across our product and technology teams to support our strategic initiatives. And as we finish our technology work this year and look to deprecate systems and redeploy resources in 2024, we expect to realize cost efficiencies going forward. With this strong revenue performance and expense control, with expenses overall growing lower than revenue, we delivered record EBITDA of $1.2 billion, which was up 13% with an EBITDA margin of almost 31%, expanding over 110 basis points year-over-year. Our free cash flow remains strong at $2.3 billion year-to-date. Similar to the last quarter, the year-over-year decline is primarily associated with timing changes within working capital. Last year, as the business emerged from the pandemic, we saw meaningful year-over-year increases in our deferred merchant bookings balances, which has since normalized this year. We remain pleased with our ongoing robust cash flow levels from record EBITDA levels, and we expect them to remain strong going forward. On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with strong liquidity of $7.6 billion, driven by our unrestricted cash balance of $5.1 billion and our undrawn revolving line of credit of $2.5 billion, which provides us with plenty of cash to operate the business. From a debt perspective, our debt level remains at approximately $6.3 billion with an average cost of capital at only 3.7%. And with our expanding EBITDA, our gross leverage ratio has come down to 2.4x. As a result, we have continued to make progress towards our target gross leverage ratio of 2x and expect to make further progress in the coming quarters through EBITDA growth and potentially some early debt repayment. From a capital allocation perspective, we have been buying back our stock at record levels. We continue to believe that our stock price remains undervalued and does not reflect our expected long-term performance of the business. And given our liquidity and strong free cash flow levels, we believe buying back our stock on an accelerated basis is the best use of our capital to maximize shareholder returns. As a result, we bought back approximately $1.8 billion year-to-date or approximately 17 million shares, our largest level of repurchases to-date, offsetting not only our COVID era dilution, but in fact, getting us to our lowest share count since 2015. And given our confidence in the long-term outlook of our company and the cash-generating power of our business, as well as our commitment to maximizing returns for our shareholders, we have announced a new $5 billion share repurchase authorization, and we expect to continue buying back our stock opportunistically going forward. So in closing, we are pleased to see the continued momentum in the business, delivering our best ever quarter. We have been able to deliver upon what we said we were going to do amid a significant period of transformation and corresponding uncertainty. Looking ahead, we are reiterating our full year outlook of double-digit top-line growth with margin expansion. As for the fourth quarter, based on the uncertain geopolitical environment and its potential impact on travel, we expect gross bookings growth to be relatively in line with third quarter levels, with modest sequential acceleration in year-over-year revenue and EBITDA growth versus the third quarter. Overall, our execution and results this year give us the confidence that we are on the right path and that there is a huge opportunity in front of us to drive long-term profitable growth and to maximize shareholder returns. We look forward to updating you next quarter on our plans for 2024. And with that, I would now like to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Eric Sheridan from Goldman Sachs. Eric, please go ahead.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe two, if I can. In terms of Vrbo and the migration, how should we be thinking about post-migration and elements of growth and how Vrbo will be tied deeper into One Key as a stimulant for growth on that brand as we look out beyond 2023 and into 2024. And with respect to the new buyback authorization, any guardrails either aligned against annualized free cash flow or targets around liquidity about how you might deploy that $5 billion in the years ahead. Thanks so much.
Peter Kern: Thanks, Eric. I'll take the first one and maybe let Julie answer the question on buybacks. As far as Vrbo goes, obviously, as I said, we just literally finished the app migration, and people haven't even updated all their apps yet. So it will take a little time for us to be fully across, but we're talking about weeks. And then I think it's a build from there. You have to remember that going through the migration was actually a negative process. It was conversion negative for us to come across, switch the stacks then optimize the stacks and improve them. So we're in the process now of having everything across and working on the improvement part and inflecting past where we were previously. So one, the product will improve from here. We won't have the drag of the conversion drags we've had during this past year, while we were migrating. And then, there are many things to drive growth in the future, we believe, obviously, we believe greatly in One Key. It's a key differentiator in the VR space. It allows all our members across Expedia and HCOM, which are many more in number of humans to have the option of using their One Key cash on Vrbo instead of on a different VR platform or for other products. It's a way to pull out more customers into Vrbo. It's a way to make Vrbo decidedly better as a value proposition than its competition. And I think there's a number of other things we are doing. I mentioned on our last call, we will work to incorporate much more of the multiunit vacation rental properties, we actually have on our OTA brands that don't live on Vrbo yet that we will be moving. So there's many parts to our growth plan in Vrbo, but I think we're excited now. We had to get across this work so that we could again start optimizing, really push One Key fully and take advantage of some of these other pieces we've been waiting on to finish the migration so that we could then move this inventory and do other the things that open up growth opportunities. So we feel good about how Vrbo's positioned. Obviously, this was a tough year of migration, but a lot of optimism for what we can do in the coming years with it.
Julie Whalen: And then as far as the $5 billion buyback authorization, we don't per se have any set guardrails, although I would say that generally speaking, we look to what our free cash flow levels are in the year. and obviously make a decision then where our stock price is and where we believe the valuation of the company is and what our long-term outlook is, make a call as to how much then pivots to buybacks. But at the same time, we've also got excess cash and so if we wanted to be even more aggressive on what is per se, the free cash flow plan for the year, we could do that as well. So the short answer is it really depends, but we have a lot of flexibility there and we intend to buy back our stock opportunistically.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lee Horowitz from Deutsche Bank. Lee, please go ahead.
Lee Horowitz: Peter, you talked about your business next year driving faster and more profitable growth yet, which presumably underwrite some top-line reacceleration yet you're a bit more cautious on the fourth quarter given some geopolitical concerns. I guess what gives you the confidence in sort of that accelerated outlook into 2024 despite the geopolitical concerns you guys highlighted as well as others in the market perhaps going out some incremental macro headwinds building for the travel industry.
Peter Kern: Yes. Thanks, Lee. Look, I'm not opining as a world leader on the likelihood of geopolitical acceleration potentially in '24. I certainly hope not for all our sakes. What we're seeing now, as we referred to, there was some short-term movement in early October that appeared to be from what was going on in the Middle East. That doesn't appear to be an ongoing thing, but there was some noise. So we are mindful of the potential volatility from that. But I would say we're more ambitious and more excited because, frankly, even the fourth quarter is just barely beginning to get the benefit like when I talk about Vrbo being past the migration like it was like 2 days ago. So fourth quarter, we're in the middle of the fourth quarter. So getting a lot out of that now in the next 8 weeks is a lot harder than what we have ambition for next year. And if you take that across everything and you take that across One Key still being in relatively early days, and so forth. We're still like this is a big snowball we're pushing and it's starting to turn, but it's going to turn faster and faster. So we have more ambition about our own ability to drive it next year and our own opportunity there. Obviously, there could be macro things that make it harder or easier on all of us. But we think relative to our competition, relative to where we've been, we're just going to be in a much better place. So that is what gives us ambition, it's not that we think the world will all come down and all wars will go away and everyone will have piece. It's that we think we're just going to be in a materially better spot as we're further along this journey.
Lee Horowitz: Got it. And then maybe one follow-up on that. You talked about sort of leading into some international markets perhaps next year. I guess now with all of the tech migration behind you, are there any gating factors as it relates to the timing of when you may put some investment dollars to work there, or how should we just sort of think about the phasing of sort of those broader global ambitions that you guys have into 2024?
Peter Kern: Yes. I think technologically, there aren't a lot of gating items. I mentioned that we've only rolled One Key to the U.S. So rolling One Key along with leaning in more energy into certain places will be part of the strategy. But again, not a gating issue, but that has to happen and there is some technical work to getting that launched in other countries. It's not a big lift, it's just something that will come as we roll out. But more importantly, I'd say it's a balance. We believe we're equipped now. We believe we have the tools to compete better than we ever have. We believe we have a winning product. And as we all know, you've got to market back into these countries. I mentioned the better understanding of customers, which customers we want, how we get the right customers, how we find the highest lifetime value customers, things like that. It's really just about doing it in an orderly process. We're not going to just carpet bond in the world. We're going to go selectively after the most valuable markets to us where we have the most right to win, and we're going to keep chipping away at it. But we're excited to go back on offense in the rest of the world.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Kopelman from Cowen. Kevin, please go ahead.
Jacob Hendricks: Hi. This is Jacob in for Kevin. So wondering if you can provide color on regional performance quarter-to-date? And also, what are the cost levers that you expect to see from the tech market ratio as we look at points before.
Peter Kern: Yes. Sorry, you broke up a little bit, but I'll take a stab at it. I think in terms of the regional, what we've seen is, as I mentioned, APAC and Latin America have been faster-growing markets for everybody. Basically, it's a function of where different regions are in terms of their rebound post-COVID. North America and Europe and APAC, excuse me, EMEA are more stable. They've been kind of saw the rebound earlier and have been on a more consistent state. We've seen the same in our business, but our business is less exposed to APAC than it is to, obviously, North America, somewhat less exposed to Europe. So there's differences there. But what we've seen and I referred to is what we're seeing is pretty much around the globe, we've been able to hold or grow share even in markets where we have relatively small share. Again, we're eating into the pie and different of those markets, we have different aggression for but remember, we've done this basically with four arms tied behind our back. We're trying to do what we could with the levers we had. And increasingly, we have more and more levers and better and better product and all of that will make us more competitive, we believe, as we go forward. As far as the efficiencies go, I think we've been saying this for a while, but we've had these huge tasks that we've undertaken to get across the transformation, do these migrations, et cetera. Everything gets faster and easier. So think of it as either more output with the same amount of energy or opportunities, whether it be in cloud, as Julie referred to or other licensing and maintenance other opportunities in which work we choose to do, that there's this opportunity now to stop. We've grown for quite a bit of time now in our, particularly in product and tech. We no longer need to grow our base of overhead in order to grow our business much faster. So as those lines diverge, we become more efficient, and that's what we're talking about.
Operator: Our next question comes from Naved Khan from B. Riley Securities. Naved, please go ahead.
Naved Khan: A couple of questions here. So just on the consumer, are you seeing any sign of the consumer weakening or maybe trading down or just taking longer to book anything there? And then on the Vrbo migration, Peter, I think you had earlier talked about how the website piece was done and the app was the one that was remaining. And that, I think, has been completed just in the last week or so. But anything you can share on the website migration and how that might be yielding results, any early signs on that? Thank you.
Peter Kern: Sure. So the first part of your question, we haven't seen really anything on the consumer side. We keep looking. But there's definitely nothing obvious and you'd have to squint it really hard and look by sub, sub, subregion to try to foray and cut it by price point and a lot of things to really see anything noticeable. Interestingly and anecdotally, we've seen that customers who have gotten One Key cash where they didn't have it before, et cetera, or in some cases, as part of One Key, we introduced higher discounts for our silver and gold members at certain properties that customers are typically using it to get a better room type as opposed to take the money to the bottom line. So they're actually using the available capital they had in mind just for more rather than saving the money. So again, that's just an anecdote, but there does not appear to be any major shift going on. Of course, we have historically and still are strongest in the mid and upper parts of the market as opposed to the lowest end of the market. And that, again, may be moving slightly, but we have not seen any broad consumer change in habit. As far as your second question goes, as I mentioned, the first part of moving the website was going backwards to go forwards, was consolidating it. Vrbo is now getting the benefit of a lot of successful winners that we had rolled out on our OTA brands across Expedia and Hotels.com, and now it will benefit from many of the things that have won there. So we're in the middle of testing in all the things that have won historically on the OTA brands, getting the best-in-class of maps and other things search and store and so forth. I'd say we're still in that journey. I'd say we're still behind in terms of conversion, in terms of pre versus post migration on the website, but we are on the rise and catching up, and we expect to inflect past where we were [indiscernible]. And the app so far has appeared to have done better, and our hopes are that we'll see less of -- less going backwards and more going forward faster. So we're directionally going up from here, but we did have to take a little bit of a step back as we migrate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jed Kelly from Oppenheimer. Jed, please go ahead.
Jed Kelly: Two, if I may, can you just talk about some of the marketing efficiencies you plan, you think you'll get around brand now being able to use One Key and highlight your three brands. And then just going in now that the tech migration is complete, how do you view growing EBITDA dollars versus EBITDA margin? Thank you.
Peter Kern: I'll take the first part and thanks, Jed and have Julie take the second. I would say that from a marketing efficiency standpoint, you've seen us just begin to market more with the launch of One Key sort of the brands together. And that is a journey that we will continue to learn on and grow on in terms of how to optimize our brand spend and all of our performance marketing spend to optimize the best place to bring a customer in. And then the best way to bring them around our universe of products. But I would say what we're most excited about is the ability to get customers to cross shop and to get them to use, stay in our group of brands and spend their money there, and that gives us a lot more opportunity to drive direct business because we already have a big base of customers in each of those brands that we can now bring to other brands, whether it's an HCOM customer who needs a flight or a car or whether it's an Expedia customer who needs a Vrbo, that ability to keep everything in the universe, get people to use that currency across. As we all know, the more direct business we have, the more margin it drives and then we have the latitude to invest or not as much as we want into performance marketing, driving new customer acquisition. And again, we're getting smarter and smarter about who we go after, how we go after them and how we optimize for the lifetime value of that customer base. So I think that's how we think about it. In terms of the practical like have we figured out all the nuts and bolts of the best way to promote the brands together. The best way to promote One Key, I think we're still on a learning journey there, but we're excited about it. And the One Key work was awesome and you're going to start to see the brands more present in other brands as time goes on. But I think the big opportunity, as I mentioned about new members, we took a group that didn't have membership basically, and turn them into new members in a big pool of membership where they can get a lot of benefit across a bunch of different products that they couldn't get before from Vrbo. So that's what's exciting to us. Our goal is to drive much more direct business through that. And as I think we've said before, we look at spend for loyalty, for marketing, for any kind of pricing and discounting things we do, all as one pool of capital that's focused on the best way to acquire and retain customers, and that's really -- so we're happy to trade those dollars off to the most efficient way to drive the overall business. And that's what you're going to see us do over time more and more.
Julie Whalen: And I think the short answer on the EBITDA question post tech migration is, we expect to drive obviously both. We want to have strong EBITDA dollar growth and we want to have margin expansion. We're not going to need to invest as much as we have in the past. As Peter said earlier, now the protect migration is complete. We should be starting to get more efficiencies out of machine here by deprecating systems, redeploying resources, cutting all the incremental costs associated with that and just getting more output, getting more leverage from all of the goodness that we've been investing in the past. Now we are also wanting to be on the offensive as we said. So there may be times in areas that we think we need to invest, still driving EBITDA growth and maybe not as much EBITDA margin in certain situations. But for the most part, we're committed to both, but this is a year of offense and so we want to have that flexibility.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Colantuoni from Jefferies. John, please go ahead.
Chris Roop: This is Chris on for John. Thanks for taking the question. So there have been some questions around the trajectory of alternative accommodation nights growth across the industry broadly. Could you elaborate on kind of how recent demand trends as far to Vrbo and beyond the onetime impacts from things like the tech migration in Maui fires, have you seen any changes in customer preference for vacation rentals?
Peter Kern: Yes. Thanks, Chris. I think for us, and we're a little differently situated than our competition. But for us, we saw a huge COVID era boom when everyone was trying to be in their own house and rent their own space and whatever. We definitely saw a little bit of pressure on that this past year as that kind of came off. But in terms of how things are progressing, once you kind of reset for that, we think demand is pretty stable, and there's lots of opportunity for growth. In the other parts of the business, our friends across the way, they play in urban much more in shared accommodations. We do think there's opportunity in urban and we are building supply in many areas, but we are sticking to our knitting of the whole home whole apartment experience as opposed to shared spaces, et cetera. We think there's lots of runway there, and there will be probably more supply coming on as homeowners struggle with mortgage rates and other things. There's a good opportunity for supply there. So we still see plenty of opportunity in compressed places and compressed time, banded time periods in different areas. So I think we feel good about going back on offense. We've been playing, this is one of the areas we've been playing a little bit with the hand tied behind our back. But macro in the whole home space, we expect there to be growth again, barring geo political, who knows. And I can't speak for the other shared accommodation spaces and other things, that's not where we're focused.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Post from Bank of America. Anthony, please go ahead.
Justin Post: With bookings growing 7% this quarter and you're suggesting similar growth next quarter, how do you think that positions you for top-line growth next year? You mentioned maybe accelerating off of this year. So just thinking about the bookings growth rate and implications. And then second, I know there's been a lot of effort to increase app users versus maybe using search marketing. Are you seeing anything in the customer metrics, and I apologize if it's already been asked, but anything in the customer metrics that show better repeat rates or better return on that ad spend than you were getting, say, a few years ago.
Julie Whalen: I'll take the first one. I mean as far as the bookings, I think this past quarter and the subsequent Q4 guidance that we gave those are both indicative of some shorter-term things that have occurred. So as we mentioned, we were unfortunately impacted by the Maui fires that brought down gross bookings lower than we had expected in Q3, and we're being thoughtful in our Q4 guidance of what could potentially be an impact associated with the uncertainty in the geopolitical environment. So we'll see how that plays out for the quarter. So early in the quarter, we've seen very little noise at this point, but that doesn't necessarily provide an indication of what's going to happen in 2024. And for all the things that Peter mentioned that we have completed and all the momentum we have in the underlying health of the business and coming out of the tech migration and all the goodness that's coming from the One Key launch and the growing base of app and loyalty members and all of that kind of adding on top of each other as we incrementally roll through the year should drive that gross bookings up.
Peter Kern: And I'll just add, and I'll take the second part. But I wish I could tell you that this migration is like we flip a switch when it's over and everything goes 2x. But it is, you're growing out of a period of lots of change with all the tools you need to go faster, but they built on each other over time. So our first week out of the gate is not going to be like our 52nd week out of the gate. And so this is something where there's some noise in the numbers as we alluded to from geopolitics and other things, we'll see where it ends up landing, but our enthusiasm for what next year can bring is built on the underlying building blocks, not on the what is the trend line today or what is the macro. So that's where our enthusiasm comes from. As for the metrics you're asking about, yes, absolutely. I mean it was the understanding and knowing that app members, in particular, our highest producing customers have the highest return rates, the highest CLV et cetera, was the reason we lean so heavily into app. It may not be that surprising that's the case. Obviously, they have a propensity to come direct more, which saves us money is remarketing them. So there's lots of elements that make those members better for us. We have invested both directly and acquiring them through marketing as well as doing much, much more in the product. to move customers into the app for all of those reasons. And we're still seeing that those cohorts still perform better even as we pushed more and more people they still perform better than a guest or a member who's not in the app, et cetera. So those statistics have held up. We keep pushing it. You're going to see us keep pushing it. We are going to be app first in terms of product, in terms of where you see the most innovation coming and coming fastest. So we are fully leaned into getting customers into our best product, making our app our best product and experience and making sure all of that innovation I talked about is happening first and foremost in the app, so we get more people in it. More people into the state we like and then, of course, hopefully, working between our apps as they enjoy the benefits of our loyalty program. So that's, yes, to all of that. The numbers hold up. We've seen the benefit, and that's why we keep pushing it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Champion from Piper Sandler. Tom, please go ahead.
Tom Champion: Peter, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the growth you're seeing out of China. Maybe it was on the B2B side. It sounded quite strong. And then, Julie, question for you, going back to the buyback, the size is kind of eye-popping. How did you arrive at that amount being appropriate? And what's the total in the plan as of today, including the existing plus new?
Peter Kern: Yes. I'll knock off the first. Yes. I mean our B2B business, we have a nice business in China. China, as you know, is a tough place to compete on a B2C basis and really none of the Western companies do anymore. So we don't have that benefit. On the B2B side, we're seeing a nice pickup. But I'll remind you that airlift out of China is still well below pre-Covid levels. There were some recent announcements in the last week increasing flights between China and the U.S., which is a good story, but it's still not a massive story. So you still have substantially less airlift out of China into most of the west. So it's not going to be again, it's not going to be a snap your finger and it's back to 2019 levels, but I think it's going to be a nice tailwind for a long time as hopefully, relations improve and more travel opens up, there's visa issues in China and other things. So we're seeing some good progress there. We power some of the local players in our B2B business, off-line travel agents and online. And there's definitely a pickup of travel. Some of that is intra-Asia. Some is even intra China, but for the big pick up, there is a piece that we really haven't gotten to yet, which is getting China back to real international travel at pre-COVID levels, which will take some time. But it's a nice tailwind, obviously, mainly for our B2B business, and that business has a lot of tailwinds. So it's just another one for us.
Julie Whalen: As far as the $5 billion buyback, I mean, if you look at how much we've bought back just year-to-date, it's what, a little over 2x that. So this is meant to be a multiyear, but we feel definitely very comfortable with this level and with the fact that we know we're going to be having growing free cash flow. And so we thought this was the right amount to go out with. So we're not doing an annual review, if you will, but not also making it so far out. So we thought it was a good healthy balance. As far as what's left in the plan today, there's very, very, very little. So this is really I would see this as sort of a new and existing launch.
Operator: Our next question comes from Deepak Mathivanan from Wolfe Research. Deepak, please go ahead.
Zachary Morrissey: This is Zach on for Deepak. I just wanted to ask about how Hotels.com, like consumer behavior has been performing given the change in incentives from the 1Q launch? Thanks.
Peter Kern: Yes. Thanks, Zach. As I mentioned in my comments, we were prepared for some dislocation and some people being upset. Obviously, there have been a few, but actually, it's been considerably less than we expected and the behavior of the customer base has been frankly better than we anticipated. Hardly, we had a number of ways we were going to make that right with our customers and continue to do. But in general, we've seen less unhappiness and generally behavior that's consistent with their prior buying behaviors by and large. There are some exceptions, and we've had some programs to help with our most valued customers there. But again, we think we're moving into a really good state with being a gold or even platinum member of One Key and ton of benefits that come with that. And as I alluded to, we're starting to see them use their One Key cash on Expedia to buy other things. So it's the beginnings of what we are trying to ferment, which is this idea that while it may not be quite as rich, it's much more flexible. You can use it for many more things and with the improved member discounts and other added benefits we've added to the program. you can get just as much benefit out of the program, just built slightly different way and now way more flexible. So in general, we were pleased. I'd say if we took the over-under, it was definitely better than we had hoped and knock wood it remains that way, and we feel pretty good about how it's trending.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Clarke from Bernstein. Richard, please go ahead.
Richard Clarke: Just the first one, thinking about your growth into 2024 and beyond and the ability to keep B2B revenues growing in the double-digit level. What visibility do you have of future deals or upside within your current deals to keep delivering that level of growth?
Peter Kern: Yes. I'd say we feel quite good about our continued growth of the B2B business. As I mentioned, we're still finalizing our plans for next year. So not committing to any numbers or anything. But in terms of double-digit growth, we feel confident that the B2B business can continue to grow based on a number of reasons. One, we are constantly adding new partners. And like same-store sales, first year new partner doesn't perform like a second-year partner, and so people mature into performance. So we've got a runway of that. We have an expectation of what we continue to sell into in the marketplace, whether it's offline travel agents, new partners on our APIs or on our platform. We've got a number of initiatives designed to make our products even more appealing, whether it's new flexibility and how our technology works for our partners, how they can choose the best price, how they can put the best pieces together. So we have a number of initiatives that all build up to what we think is good visibility into continued strong growth in that business.
Richard Clarke: Thanks. And maybe if I can just ask one follow-up to a question someone asked earlier. Just on the One Key launch, I guess there's been some questions around what's the cost to you of rolling that out? And maybe could you quantify what's been the level of contra revenue you've had to include to fulfill the decent growth you've seen there?
Peter Kern: Yes. Well, I would say that in principle, when we were rolling it out, the idea was that between our collective loyalty programs, it would not be net additive to the cost. It would be allocated differently among our customers and the benefits would be spread more evenly across our base of customers. So you can think of it as kind of a zero-sum game in terms of total expected dollars expended in contra revenue. Now there were other benefits, as I mentioned, more member discounts, other things built into our platinum level and other. So there are some other pieces that added other value outside of just what you see in kind of the contra revenue space. But that was designed to kind of be a zero sum-ish game. And as I alluded to, we held some back to help bring along our Hotels.com customers, et cetera. some of which we've expended. But all in all, it's basically been as good or better than we you thought in terms of a cost exercise. We still have a long way to go to get all the benefit on the growth side of it. That's something we continue to work on. And as I mentioned, it takes some time to come through the numbers. But in terms of the cost side, I think we've made that transition we are incurring roughly a similar -- think of it as a similar overall cost against the revenue margin across the whole business. And now we just have a lot more people engaged in the program. So we think the net positive on the growth side and shouldn't really cost us in terms of, think of it as revenue margin shouldn't really cost us any more than we were expending before.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney from Evercore ISI. Mark, please go ahead.
Mark Mahaney: The feature that you've had on the app for quite some time, I think, maybe on the website, too, with ChatGPT, can you just talk about what kind of traction that feature is getting and what you'd like to get out of that in the future.? Thank you.
Peter Kern: Yes. Sure, Mark. Well, so first of all, we were the first to launch it. We've been learning a lot as we've gone. We've talked at a few conferences about how we've learned to help customers engage with it. Sometimes they don't know what to ask. There's a lot of discovery going on in the world of generative AI around prompts and how to get people into the right questions, et cetera. So we're doing a bunch of work on that. We've recently, frankly, just highlighted it more, so people could find it. We weren't necessarily certain it was a net conversion winner or not anything winner. We just knew customers were curious. We wanted to see if we could help them with planning, et cetera. Since we've highlighted it more, we've gotten much more engagement. But again, it's early days, and it's not really I wouldn't think of it as impacting the business materially other than keeping us on the forefront of technology for our customers and the customers who want to experience it and discover through it. Now as I mentioned, we are using generative AI in many other ways besides just that, hey, I want to go to Paris, when is a good time to go to Paris question, but we're using it in our reviews to help customers sift through reviews and ask a simple question. We're using it in service. We're using it in a lot of places. So generative AI is a bigger story for us long-term and for everybody. But I think in terms of that one feature on the home page, it's still pretty small. People who like it really like it. I wouldn't say it's moving the business one way or the other, but it's a feature we want to have up there, and it's a feature we want to enhance. And ultimately, we want to use AI broadly and generative AI to take you more easily through the collective journey. Whatever part of it you can use it best for, whether that's home page, discovery, kind of greenfields trying to figure out a trip or anywhere through search, sort, purchase comparison, all of those places that are complicated areas for customers. We want to help use AI, use generative AI where appropriate to just take friction out of that journey end-to-end. And that's a journey we're on, and homepage is just one part of it.
Operator: Our final question is from Ken Gabreski from Wells Fargo. Ken, please go ahead.
Alec Brondolo: Hey. This is Alec on for Ken. Appreciate the question. It seems like the business journey over the last couple of years has been focused on centralization, centralization of the tech platform, centralization of the loyalty program. How do you think about centralization of brands? Specifically, it feels like Orbitz, Hotwire Travelocity, the legacy brands have been a drag on nights growth over the last few years. Could it make sense to clean that up in '24? Thanks.
Peter Kern: Yes. Thank you, Ken (sic) [Alec]. I would say, again, we are happy to have customers on any brands they enjoy. But if you look at how we've invested capital, we have not been really investing in those smaller brands for the last few years. There are still customers who enjoy those brands. We're not planning to turn them off or make them go somewhere else. We obviously think they'd be better off in our main brands with the best-in-class loyalty program and everything else. But at this point, and really, to your point, as we've centralized the technology, the lift of maintaining those things has gone away. So as we get rid of having multiple stacks and old stacks to keep up and other things like that, we get to an efficient state where 1 or 21 doesn't really matter. Now it's a matter of brand marketing, as a matter of consumer experience, we are focused on the big 3 and we will keep doing that. And in different parts of the world, that may look slightly different. We may have fewer than three. We may have one or two that's under a different name. But in general, we are going to be focused on a small group of brands where all the spending goes and then to the extent we have these other brands, we don't want to run customers off. As you say, that's been a drag. It's increasingly small drag, if I can say that, like it's getting smaller and so the drag is getting smaller, which is helping us, honestly, as we start to accelerate the bigger pieces and they outrun the drags. But we're also not trying to accelerate their drag on us, and we will maintain those as long as customers like using them, but you should expect those to continue to shrink and for virtually all our energy certainly are spending energy to go into the core brands. Thank you.
Peter Kern: I think that's it. So thank you, operator. That's the last question. Thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to talking to you after the end of the year. Take care.
Operator: That concludes today's call. Thank you for joining, everyone. You may now disconnect your lines. Have a nice day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-03 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Expedia Group Q2 2023 Financial Results Teleconference. My name is Colby, and I'll be the operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]  For opening remarks, I will turn the call over to SVP Corporate Development Strategy and Investor Relations, Harshit Vaish. Please go ahead.
Harshit Vaish: Welcome to Expedia Group Q2 2023 Earnings Call. I'm pleased to be joined on today's call by our CEO Peter Kern and our CFO Julie Whalan. As a reminder, our commentary today will include references to certain non-GAAP measures. Reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures are included in our earnings release, and unless otherwise stated, any reference to expenses excludes stock-based compensation. We will also be making forward-looking statements during the call, which are predictions, projections, or other statements about future events. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions, which are subject to risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Actual results could materially differ due to factors discussed during this call, and in our most recent forms, 10-K, 10-Q, and other filings with the SEC. Except as required by law, we do not undertake any responsibility to update these forward-looking statements. Our earnings release, SEC filings, and the replay of today's call can be found on our Investor Relations website at ir.expediagroup.com and with that, let me turn the call over to Peter.
Peter Kern: Thanks, Harshit, and good morning, and thank you all for joining us today. Our travel demands remain robust, and we are pleased to see our continued execution result in solid performance for the second quarter. As gratifying as those results are, I am even more excited with the progress on our platform transformation journey, having just launched one key in the U.S., and continuing to be on schedule of our verbal migration. We are particularly pleased that we were able to meet our second quarter financial goals while electing to move some marketing spend from Q2 to Q3, where we believe it can be better spent in support of the launch of one key and our accelerated growth in the back half of the year. Industry trends have remained broadly consistent with the first quarter. And North America and Europe has remained stable with stronger growth in APAC and Latin America. Travelers worldwide continue to favor shorter stays in urban locations versus longer trips in sun and ski destinations. As far as pricing, both hotel and vacation rental ADRs are holding up year-over-year, while international cross-border airfares are stable. U.S. domestic airfares have seen some declines as capacity increases. Rental car rates continue to decline as inventories normalized from compressed levels last year, resulting in more attractive prices for consumers and more transactions. Overall the data continues to show that travel remains a top priority for consumers. As I explained before, our B2C strategy is to build products, features, and customer propositions that attract and help us retain valuable customers, and to move those customers into loyalty membership and app usage to amplify their value. These travelers drive higher profits per transaction and higher repeat rates, ultimately leading to higher lifetime value. In addition, as these customers have a higher propensity to come to us through direct channels, this helps us drive future leverage in sales and marketing. As a combination of all these factors, these travelers have a much higher return on investment and ultimately drive more profitable and faster growth as they stack up over time. As we continue to move from a purely transaction, room-night-focused world to one in which we focus on customers and lifetime value, we have been able to build a bigger, more valuable base of these high ROI travelers. Our focus on acquiring and retaining loyalty members and app users to drive this strategy continues to show good results. This quarter active loyalty members continue to hit new highs and were up 15% year-over-year in our core brands, and the percentage of bookings coming through our apps was up 300 basis points sequentially versus the first quarter. We know that members with the app have the best economics, which is why we have been so focused on growing this segment of customers. In our Expedia brand in the U.S., I am pleased to say that we have seen this cohort of customers increase roughly 135% versus 2019. As we roll out our strategy across all our brands and all our markets, there remains a significant opportunity to accelerate further. A couple of weeks ago, we took another major step forward with the launch of One Key in the U.S. This is the most flexible travel rewards program in the industry, with our core brands unified under one loyalty program offering our customers the ability to earn and use One Key Cash, a simple common currency, across our vast breadth of flights, hotels, vacation rentals, car rentals, cruises, and activities. In addition to the breadth of this program, this marks the first time any major vacation rental marketplace will have loyalty, which is a significant differentiator against our competition. It's early days, but as we have seen historically, our loyalty members are much more productive, and with this now best-in-class program spanning our biggest brands, we expect to drive many more customers into the program and substantially increase our base of loyal travelers. Overall, our B2C business is finally nearing the end of its major changes, and piece by piece getting the benefit of new capabilities and greater agility that comes from a unified stack. With One Key out the door, our last major tech lift is the verbal migration to our main platform. We have already moved 100% of our verbal U.S. web traffic to the platform and our on-track to complete the migration during the fourth quarter. As we've explained before, we expect some modest headwinds to conversion as we transition, but ultimately the payoff is well worth it with better conversion, increased feature velocity, and ultimately better performance from verbal overall. Our single-tech strategy is designed to give all of our brands the benefit of our entire suite of product features, including our latest advancements in AI and machine learning, to personalize and enhance the customer experience. On the topic of AI, earlier this year, we launched conversational trip planning, powered by ChatGPT and the Expedia iOS app. And last month, we launched it on the Expedia Android app. We have been learning from consumer interactions and are adding a number of new features to help consumers on their journey of discovery. Travelers can now start a new conversation by choosing from suggested prompts, and soon they will be able to return to a conversation at any time and even respond throughout a conversation by simply choosing a suggested response, all of which is designed to bring them one step closer to booking their desired trip. Along the growth and progress we've seen with our brands, we continue to see tremendous momentum in our B2B business, which grew revenue 32% year-over-year in the second quarter. Our B2B business has greater exposure outside the U.S. and has benefited by continued opening of markets around the world. The engine for our B2B business is fueled by the same technology, supply, and service that serve our own brands. And as we have advanced in all areas over the last several years, this has only added to the velocity of our B2B business. We believe we have the most successful and differentiated B business in the travel world with a large addressable segment still available to penetrate further. And our wins in the marketplace continue to demonstrate that point. In the second quarter, we announced a new partnership with MasterCard, where our tech will power MasterCard's global network of issuers so that their customers can spend their loyalty points on great travel experiences. And in another huge development for this segment, we've teamed up with Wal-Mart, where we are now powering their first-ever travel benefit for Wal-Mart Plus members through our white-label template solution. We also continue to expand our tech delivery to our existing partners, not only through our core TravelOS products, but through our expanding offering of solutions. After recently commercializing our fraud prevention capability, I am happy to announce that our Revenue Performance API is now in pilot with one of the largest hotel management companies. As our tech continues to advance, driven by our industry-leading AI capabilities and the acceleration of our single-and-platform strategy, there is much more opportunity to gain [lot of share] with our existing partners and to scale further with new partners. So overall, I'm very pleased with the momentum we now have in our accelerating product improvements as we move towards the second half of '23 and beyond. Over the last few years, we have taken on many difficult challenges in order to transform not only our tech, but our entire strategy. As we begin to emerge from this period of massive change, it is clear that we are building the best offerings for travelers, a better marketplace for our partners, and overall a better company. It is great to see so much finally come into fruition, and our entire organization is excited about the future. And with that, let me hand it over to Julie.
Julie Whalen: Thanks, Peter, and hello, everyone. Our second quarter results with record revenue and EBITDA demonstrate that our strategic initiatives are working and that we have a significant opportunity for long-term growth and profitability. And it is this ongoing strength in the business that enabled us to deliver another quarter of accelerated levels of share repurchases, resulting in approximately $1.2 billion repurchased year-to-date, our largest buyback to date. Before I jump into more of the details, I wanted to remind you that going forward, all financial comparisons will be on a year-over-year basis. It is also important to note that our second quarter 2023 growth rates, as compared to 2022, were impacted by FX headwinds of approximately 40 basis points to gross bookings, 170 basis points to revenue, and 530 basis points to EBITDA. We also saw an approximate 80 basis point headwind to the EBITDA margin. Now, as far as our performance this quarter, let's begin with our gross booking trends. Global gross bookings of $27.3 billion were up 5% versus last year, and in line with our mid-single-digit top-line guide. Growth was driven by lodging gross bookings, which were up 7%, and were the highest second quarter on record. The strength continues to be driven by our hotel business, which achieved record gross bookings primarily from strength in our B2B business, as well as in brand Expedia, which saw a 15% increase year-over-year. This was partially offset by our Vrbo business, which was impacted by the shift in consumer demand toward urban markets and shorter lengths of stays, as well as the impact from Vrbo's tech platform migration that we mentioned on last quarter's earnings call. However, given the size and strong growth of our hotel business, we were pleased that we were able to deliver record lodging bookings in total. Moving to the key financial metrics in the P&L, starting with total revenue. Revenue of $3.4 billion was up 6% versus last year, in line with our mid-single-digit top-line guide, and was the highest second quarter on record. Revenue growth was primarily driven by the continued strength across our lodging business, which grew 12%. This was partially offset by softness we have been seeing in insurance and car, two categories that have been impacted by some industry-wide changes post-pandemic. For insurance, we are seeing lower attach rates as consumers appetite for insurance normalizes. And for car, we are continuing to see rates decline as supply has increased. Total revenue margin increased 10 basis points to approximately 12.3%, versus last year primarily due to an increased mix shift to lodging revenue, which has higher revenue margins. Cost of sales was $403 million for the quarter, which is lower than last year by $13 million, or 3%, with approximately 110 basis points of leverage as a percentage of revenue versus the second quarter of 2022, driven by ongoing efficiencies across our customer support and other operations. Our customer support operations continue to benefit from the various automation initiatives we have implemented over the past couple of years, and we will continue to find more efficiencies in such areas as the cloud and license and maintenance costs when we finalize our migration to one platform and eliminate redundant systems accordingly. Direct sales and marketing expense in the second quarter was $1.6 billion, which was up 2% versus the second quarter of 2022. The primary driver of this year-over-year increase was related to an increase in commissions in our B2B business to support its strong growth of over 32%. As we've noted in the past, commissions paid to our B2B partners fall into our direct sales and marketing line, and overall are more expensive as a percentage of revenue than our B2C business. Whereas they are generally paid on a state basis and to a contractually agreed upon percentage, the returns are more guaranteed and immediate. This increase in B2B direct marketing costs was mostly offset by marketing efficiencies in our B2C business this quarter, and resulted in marketing leverage as a percentage of gross bookings as compared to the second quarter of 2022. These B2C marketing efficiencies resulted from the benefits we are seeing from our continued investments in loyalty and app members, as well as our decision to move some of our planned spend from the second quarter to the third quarter to tie it more closely with the one key launch and to support our accelerated growth in the back half. While marketing will fluctuate quarter to quarter, we were pleased to see this marketing leverage. Overhead expenses were $627 million, an increase of $77 million versus last year, or 14%. While we remain disciplined on our overall cost structure, as we have said, over the past year we have continued to invest in talent across our product and technology teams to support our strategic initiatives, and we are pleased we were able to more readily fill these positions given the surplus of top tier tech talent in the market. We also saw higher salary expense associated with our annual compensation increases this year, which went into effect during the second quarter, and was the primary driver of the overhead increase from the first quarter. As we finish our technology work in the coming quarters and look to redeploy resources and to deprecate systems next year, we expect to realize cost efficiencies going forward. Despite this overhead pressure, we were pleased to see that with another quarter of strong revenue and overall expense disciplines, including our decision to shift some marketing spend, we delivered record second quarter EBITDA of $747 million, which was up 15% with an EBITDA margin of 22.2%, expanding approximately 190 basis points versus the second quarter of 2022. Our free cash flow remains strong at $3.8 billion year-to-date. The year-to-year decline is primarily associated with changes in working capital from the timing of payments. Last year, as the business emerged from Omicron, we saw meaningful increases in some of the working capital drivers like payables, which has since normalized this year. We remain pleased with an ongoing robust cash flow levels, and we expect them to remain strong on the year. On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with strong liquidity of $8.8 billion, driven by our unrestricted cash balance of $6.3 billion, and our undrawn revolving line of credit of $2.5 billion, which provides us with ample access to cash to operate the business. From a debt perspective, our debt level remains at approximately $6.3 billion, but with our expanding EBITDA, our gross leverage ratio has come down from the first quarter to 2.6 times. We have started to make progress towards our target gross leverage ratio two times, and expect to make continued progress in the coming quarters through EBITDA growth and potentially some debt repayments. As far as capital allocation, given our strong free cash flow levels and a stock price that we believe remains undervalued, we have been buying back our stock on an accelerated basis to maximize our return of capital shareholders. As a result, we bought back approximately $1.2 billion year-to-date, or nearly 12 million shares, our largest level of repurchases to date. We continue to believe that our stock price remains undervalued and does not reflect our confidence in the expected long-term performance of the business. Therefore, considering our ongoing strong liquidity and free cash flow, we expect to continue buying back our stock opportunistically throughout the remainder of 2023. Looking ahead, we are reiterating our full-year outlook of double-digit top-line growth with margin expansion. As it relates to the third quarter, we expect year-to-year gross bookings growth to accelerate to high single digits. This acceleration is driven by Brand Expedia and Hcom, partially offset by Vrbo, which continues to face short-term headwinds from its migration. While we expect revenue growth to be lower than gross bookings growth, driven by the prior quarters reduced Vrbo bookings converting to stays, and therefore revenue in the third quarter, which is historically our highest revenue quarter for Vrbo, we expect revenue growth to see modest sequential acceleration. We expect EBITDA margins to stay relatively in line with last year. While we expect to see continued cost of sales leverage, as previously mentioned, we will be investing in marketing to support the One Key launch and to set us up for a strong back half. Overall, we expect fourth quarter will see a more meaningful acceleration in both top line and bottom line growth as Vrbo finishes its migration, the One Key impact starts to kick in, and the growing base of app members drives more production, all of which gives us confidence to reiterate our full year outlook. In closing, we finish the front half of 2023 on a strong note with record second quarter revenue and EBITDA. We are pleased to see the continued momentum, even while we continue to transform the business and navigate associated headwinds. Our accelerating product improvements give us confidence that we are on the right path and that there is a huge opportunity in front of us to drive long-term profitable growth and to maximize shareholder returns. And with that, I would now like to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. 
Eric Sheridan: Thanks so much for taking the question. Two if I could. In terms of forward booking trends, I understood on the commentary broadly about the summer, but the industries obviously had some tailwinds from elements of longer booking dynamics as we've come out of the pandemic. Are we seeing more normalized behavior with respect to forward booking, or is there anything to call out either in consumer behavioral geography in the forward booking trend that you'd want to highlight? And then in terms of thinking about the exit philosophy for Vrbo, is there a way to quantify elements of what One Key mix and easier comps might mean in terms of reacceleration at Vrbo at the end of the year? Thanks so much. 
Peter Kern: Sure. Thanks, Eric. I'll take a crack at both of those. I'd say broadly, yes, I mean, what we're seeing is a relative, what I would call a relative normalization of seasonal trends and booking trends. There's obviously some dynamics around what is opening or more newly opened, and what has been open for a while, as we've seen, for example, this summer with lots of travelers going to Europe, where maybe they didn't go last summer, Asia opening up, and more travelers going there. Of course, parts of Asia like China still don't have full airlift out of China. So there's still differences. But I think broadly in terms of the effect of like COVID, last year we had COVID first quarter, and then the second quarter was a huge quarter because things opened up after Omicron. That's kind of normalized out, and I think in terms of booking windows, booking trends, they're moving around a little bit, but by and large, they're normalizing to what I would call generally pre-pandemic patterns. So I think that's the main thing. In terms of geo, again Asia will open up more. There will be more travel there. We're seeing APAC and LATAM growing faster because of those things opening more recently. So that's certainly a trend. But again, I think that normalizes once it's been opened, call it a year or so. And then as far as Vrbo goes, very hard to quantify. And obviously, the switch, the sort of consumer switch from Vrbo or vacation rentals generally to more hotel started happening in the back half of last year and earlier this year. So that's sort of a macro trend as far, so we'll be lapping some of that now as we get into the back half of the year. But as far as our journey goes, yes, One Key we think is a big opportunity for us it's the first time that Vrbo customers will have loyalty. It's a chance to get them involved in our whole universe of products so we can bring them into the other products. Obviously now, Expedia members, hotels.com members can use their points on Vrbo. So we think that becomes a very attractive reason to use Vrbo. So we definitely think One Key will drive a lot of cross shopping between the products. Hard to quantify yet, but that's a core belief in what we are trying to do with One Key. And then as far as the migration goes, as we've talked about, you're changing the product, you're moving it across, the last piece will be moving the app, which is very binary, so you tend to do it at the end. That's still coming, but we're excited about what the product will be able to do. We're excited about having all the products on one stack and being able to innovate across all of it together. And as we've talked about for a long time, that will eventually lead us to be able to sell much more easily Vrbo products across all brands, across our B2B products, etc. So we don't have a number for you, but I think broadly, I think we're going to lap the macro trends of shift from vacation rental to hotels later this year, and then, the migration stuff will still be around for a few more months, bu we're excited about being past it and the opportunities that presents.
Eric Sheridan: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from a line of Lee Horowitz from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Lee Horowitz : Great, thanks. So you talked about some of your marketing spend getting pushed from the second quarter to the third quarter in order to support the One Key loss. Can you maybe help us better understand how this may have impacted the bookings and nights in the second quarter relative to your expectations, and then maybe relatedly, can you talk a bit about how you think lodging share pays throughout the second quarter and what your expectations are for share as you move through the balance of the year and you drive that extended growth across a number of your properties? 
Julie Whalen: Hi, it's Julie. I'll take the first one. Yes, I mean, obviously, I'm sure there was some impact to the second quarter as a result of our decision to shift the marketing. At the end of the day, our top line was hitting our expectations and obviously what we had told the street about mid-single digits, and so we thought the right choice of action was to take that spend and to get the best return to tie it nicely with our One Key launch and also to set us up for the back cap. So we made the decision to take that money and push it into the third quarter. But sure, could we have spent more and maybe gotten some incremental nights and bookings in the second quarter? Sure, but we thought this was a better path to take. 
Peter Kern: And then I think the share point plays into that. We feel like we've been holding share in our core markets. We've been gaining some of our outside North American markets, outside U.S. markets in a number of places. So again, as Julie said, it's all sort of placed in together, which is we're trying to, of course, drive the best return on our investments. We thought there was better return when we had the extra hook of One Key. We felt like we were holding in places and we could have spent the money to drive some more bookings into Q2, but we felt like the return was better, literally waiting weeks, many weeks to push it into July when we were launching with One Key. So it's a small movement in the scheme of things. Of course, it moves around margins a little bit and it moves around. Yes, it moves some bookings from maybe Q2 into Q3. And yes, it moves some even though maybe into Q2 instead of Q3. But in the scheme of things, we're trying to spend that money as efficiently as we can. We launched One Key as soon as we could basically and it would have been nice to obviously launch it sooner, but this is when we could get it out the door and we think that there's better returns attached to that hook and getting customers in, getting them engaged in One Key, getting those return dynamics and direct dynamics where we want them. So that's why in the scheme of things, not huge dollars or anything, but we moved a little money and sure, that cost us a little bit of [GBV] and revenue in Q2 and will mean a little bit of extra spend in Q3.
Lee Horowitz : Helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kevin Kopelman from TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Kevin Kopelman: Great. Thank you. As you think about the acceleration that you're looking for in the third quarter, the issue is being focused in U.S. and B2C given the One Key launch or is it going to be more broad-based?
Peter Kern: I think it's a number of things. As I mentioned, Kevin, we are seeing good growth as we push back into some of our foreign markets where we saw opportunity and that's been going reasonably well. In the scheme of things, obviously, U.S. being so big for us to accelerate broadly, we also need the U.S. to accelerate, so that's a combination of a number of things which are, yes, One Key starting to kick in, but Q3 is early days, right? One Key is a loyalty program designed to incent return, certainly attractive in terms of make your first purchase and get value, but I don't think we're not expecting massive impact in Q3 from One Key. We're just seeing good acceleration in the market. Q2 comps were tough because of last year, and as Julie alluded to, some of the strange insurance dynamics and other things normalize out in the Q3 as we lap that and Q4. The acceleration is really just a continuation of, we see strong demand. We built this base of consumers that we continue to build on that are repeating more and having behaviors we like a lot more, and that just keeps building, and One Key enhances it, and that's really the core of it, but it's not just in the U.S. The growth is also outside the U.S., but I will say a lot of the acceleration certainly is coming from B2C as opposed to more acceleration in B2C.
Kevin Kopelman: Great, thank you. And then could you just touch on the CapEx expectations for the rest of the year and drivers there? Thanks.
Julie Whalen: Yes, I mean, we've seen CapEx come up even in the last quarter, and we had expected this. We are putting more into capitalized labor in order to hit our strategic initiatives this year. Obviously, there's a lot of transformation that we have still been pushing through this year, i.e., One Key launch and the verbal migration and things like that, and so literally this is just a function of higher capitalized labor to complete out these projects, and as we go forward, we don't expect it to be as much in these elevated levels as we will, and we'll start to get the return from these projects that we're putting in place.
Kevin Kopelman: Great, thanks, Julie.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Post from BOA. Your line is open. Your next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney from Evercore ISI. Your line is open. 
Mark Mahaney: Okay, let's see, I want to ask two questions. One, the travel bot or the ChatGPT experience that you have on the site, what have you seen so far in terms of, I think there's enormous potential here. I just don't know how long that takes and whether there's just a ton of tweaking that needs to happen in order to really get it right. How do you feel? What have you seen so far in terms of engagement? Has it kind of led to increased conversion rates, and if not, maybe it's way too early, what's a reasonable expectation for when you could actually see that. And then the other thing is on One Key, now that you're rolling it out, can you set up an expectation for when you think we'll see kind of the impact that has, I know it's just recently launched, but is that something you take one quarter or is it one full year before you really can tell how successful that's been in terms of a deeper engagement and maybe attracting newer users? Thank you.
Peter Kern: Yes, thanks Mark. So on ChatGPT, I agree with you. It's interesting. It has a ton of promise. It is early days. We've been studying it. I won't say it's moved the numbers in any way that you could see. And the customers who like to engage with it like to engage with it, lots of customers don't need it or don't choose to. I think the future though lies much more in a better integration, which will come as more large language models come out. And we figure out how to embrace them with our own data. Right now they kind of live separately and you can do a bunch of discovery with the tool and then save things and come investigate with us. Over time, there will be ways, I think, where we're not sharing your personal data with chatGPT, but where we can combine their capabilities with our data and use that to serve you better. So this is going to be an evolution of experience. That's why I mentioned we've been learning, we've been studying where customers get stuck, what they can't seem to do. Some of them don't exactly know how to engage or start a conversation. So there's a lot of work, not just by us, but by the industry around the large language models on prompts and other ways to get customers through it more easily. And I think all of those pieces will add up to more impact, but the impact now is basically the minimum, since you wouldn't see it in the numbers. As for One Key, I think that's more of a gradual build. Obviously, there's a couple of different things you're looking for. There's the appeal of having a strong, broad, flexible, best-in-class rewards program to attract customers and make them choose us over other people. And then there's the back-end part of, then do they come back directly once you've got them in their One Key program and hopefully once you've got them to download the app and now do they exhibit the behaviors of coming back? So that second part takes longer because as we all know, some people don't travel all that often, so it takes time for them to come back and book again, etc., even though many booked a lot. And then the first piece, we should start to see, as we literally just launched it, you may have seen the ads, the campaigns are out there, starting to put the messaging into all our performance marketing and anything that's out there digitally, etc., into our out-of-home. So it will continue to build, and you'll start to see it show up in all our marketing for all our brands. And we believe that's a hope that will continue to make intelligent consumers choose us because it will be a better value that gives them more back for their travel. So that part we should begin to see sooner, and that's why we think that will start to have a bigger impact into the back-end of this year. But the longer-range part of return and direct and driving those things, that will take a little longer to play out in the numbers.
Mark Mahaney: Okay. Thank you very much, Peter. 
Peter Kern: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes in a line from Justin Post from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Justin Post: Great. Thank you. Sorry about the drop-off. Could you talk about the customer and the B2C customers? It seems like you're trying to improve that quality base, and maybe the street doesn't see it in the numbers yet. What gives you confidence there? Are you seeing higher repeat rates? You said you had some leverage in the quarter. Was that timing, or is there some real improvement you're seeing on the B2C side on marketing leverage? And then one question on One Key. Starting to see some discounts on the site, do you think that allows you to better compete against booking? And who's funding those? Thanks a lot.
Peter Kern: Maybe I'll take those in reverse order. Take the sort of factual ones first. So yes, one of the pieces, not that relevant necessarily for the investment community, but that is important for the consumers, because we've expanded our member discounts as part of this One Key launch, so that where we used to have one level, basically, of member discounts, we now have, blue, silver, gold levels, and there are more discounts for higher tiered members, and that is part of the value proposition that we give to our consumers. Those are funded by our supply partners. It's a way for them to get to better and better higher value travelers, and that is an important added feature that we launched with, and we will be expanding over time. So that is certainly, booking has had tiered discounting from some of their supply partners, and that is a feature we have not had before, so I think, yes, that is a good competitive way. I will say that we also think we have those discounts on more valuable hotels that are worth more value to our customers who are more valuable. So, which goes to your first question, which is, yes, we have confidence that we are building a pool of more valuable customers, in the large part because we are getting them into more valuable states, so as we get them into membership, as we get them into app, and we follow how those cohorts perform, we know those cohorts perform for lots of good and thoughtful reasons, much better. So a member, of course, sees the member discounts, the loyalty rewards, and so forth, and app member does even more typically and comes back more directly, all good things. So as we build up those pools, and our blend of total consumers and total transacting consumers is blended towards these pools that have higher peak rates, higher LTV, et cetera, we are essentially building a bank of more value that is left to play out in the future. So that is why we do have confidence in what we are doing there. Obviously, we have done it particularly well as I talked about before in Expedia US, now we are doing it in more countries, now we are working on doing it with Hcom, and then expanding that to more countries, now we will be able to do it in Vrbo as well. So that is why we say we have a lot of runway left here, but we can see it happening where we have intent, where we have spent according to that, where we have driven the product, moved more customers into membership, and signed up into the app. Every step in that journey creates more value for us.
Justin Post: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lloyd Walmsley from UBS. Your line is open.
Lloyd Walmsley: Thanks. Anything you can share in terms of just early feedback, going back to One Key on maybe cross shopping, and then, changes in conversion rates at Vrbo, now that you have loyalty, anything interesting there, and then as part of that, anything in terms of cross currents from Hcom customers, given they are getting eluded there as part of One Key, would love some help understanding that.
Peter Kern: Sure. I think the first one, the short answer is, it is too early. I mean, we have converted more than $70 million, don't have today's count, but over 70 million consumers into the One Key program. These are existing members, and also new members that have joined in the last few weeks. We've had lots of new members join in Vrbo. We've been able to activate, a customer who may be using Vrbo and may have been a customer of one of the other brands a long time ago, but now they're in a program where they'll see the benefit in the other brands. So we've done a lot of, sort of, the core work of getting customers aligned, getting their accounts right, getting their accounts consolidated if they had reports in different places, which was complicated. So we've made huge progress. It's too early to say that, there's not enough signal yet to say, well, people are, doing acting, behaving differently and doing lots of different things. And even in Vrbo, there's a lot of cross currents and a lot of the time is launching One Key. And a lot of our Vrbo customers, even though they're getting a great benefit, they're, they're having to understand, like, wait a minute, there's a membership program. What is it? Do I sign up to it? So there's the usual issues of launching something new and a product experience that people are accustomed to, but we've seen a lot of great response and, millions of sign-ups and I wouldn't say necessarily massively incremental in terms of the velocity, but just a lot of people engaging with it and signing up. And then as far as HGMP goes, yes, we have, there is a little bit of noise from our heaviest users about what does it mean for them. But I will say we've taken care of them. We've made sure that the value they had did not get diluted. And our view of the new program is that they get much more value through flexibility. They get value through the deeper discounts. We just talked about a member discount. So while it might not be constructed exactly the same, our heaviest users will get massive benefit and in our opinion, more benefit than they can get anywhere else in travel. So it's not like we went from, we love you and we give you all this and now we're going to devalue your program and not give you a lot. We're actually carrying over their value and we're giving them huge incremental flexibility, ways to spend their value on flights, on verbal, all kinds of things they couldn't do before and far more member discounts and other high-end benefits for our heaviest users, gold and platinum, et cetera. So they're going to get a ton of value and they just have to make, I think the industry has trained people to think they're going to lose out every time, loyalty program changes. This is not one of those circumstances. I won't say there's not a single customer who won't find that, they don't like this one as well as the last one. But this is a great program with a lot of value for the heaviest users and I think they will all come to understand it and love it. And appreciate the benefits. What they got, even though, it might be slightly different than it was. All right, thank you.
Lloyd Walmsley: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Naved Khan from B. Riley Securities. Your line is open.
Naved Khan: Yes, hi. Thank you. Just a couple of questions. Peter, I think you, I heard you say you might have gained share in some of the international markets and I'm a little intrigued what may be driving that. Any kind of commentary there would be helpful. And then I will follow up.
Peter Kern: Yes, I think it's really just intent on our part, as we reacted to COVID and we started rebuilding things, in a number of markets in the rest of the world, we back down spend a little bit and we got a little more conservative as we wanted to build our new mousetrap, as it were. And I think now that we have greater confidence in all the things I've talked about, be it membership, the value of app downloads, and so forth, we've been driving back into a number of international markets where we think there are good returns and we've been seeing nice returns. Now, these are modest changes in the scheme of things. There's nothing dramatic happening, but we're just seeing, what I call low hanging fruit and opportunity for us to move back into some of these markets in a smarter way. So, again, not a huge story there, just that, we feel good about share in the U.S., we feel good about what we're seeing, early signs as we push back into these international markets. So, on share , we're feeling reasonably good with more on this.
Naved Khan: Understood. Yes. The follow up I had is just around advertising and we are hearing some commentary from other players about maybe some increased competition, maybe in Europe or other markets. I'm curious if you're seeing anything there or anything to say about Google's new ad format. I think they recently introduced proper understanding of their main search.
Peter Kern: Yes. I think on the last part, you're talking about vacation rentals. Is that what you're talking about?
Naved Khan: No, it's still, there's hotels, but I think this introduced a new format into the main search.
Peter Kern: Yes. I mean, I would say, look, we're working with them and working in the auctions around the world all the time. I don't think we've seen anything particularly different in terms of inflation or not in the auctions. I mean, the auctions have been inflating over the last several years. And of course, they're highly competitive, particularly amongst the biggest of us. But no, I don't think we've seen anything that's of any concern, et cetera, over what's happening in terms of pricing in those markets. And of course, we are trying every day to find better opportunities, higher long-term return opportunities to invest our advertising dollars, be it in app downloads or other kinds of environments, shall I say, that encourage those behaviors, as opposed to just Google auctions. So I think we're probably not alone in that, but that's been a core part of our strategy as we've tried to get away from simply trying to buy transactions and getting much more focused on what consumers we buy, getting them into the right state in the app, and so forth. So that's an ongoing journey for us, but that's the direction that journey will keep going on forever.
Naved Khan: Got it. Thank you, Peter.
Peter Kern: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Colantuoni from Jeffries. Your line is open. Your next question comes from the line of Jed Kelly from Oppenheimer & Co. Your line is open.
Jed Kelly: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Just two, if I may. Just one, just the airlines that recently called out weaker domestic trends. Is there anything where there's just softening underlying demand or is that the pattern shifts that you kind of mentioned earlier? And then just thinking about your back half brand spend. Can you just talk about the efficiencies you plan to get on being able to market all your brands under one loyalty program versus marketing them all separately? And are you going to continue to market each of your key brands separately? Thanks.
Peter Kern: Sure. So I think, yes, as far as the airlines go, I mean, we have seen, you've never heard that pricing is softened a little bit in domestic air in North America. There's a little bit more supply. And yes, there's been high demand for international. So I think it's been mostly a shifting of patterns. It's not total consumable dollars. Obviously, in every industry, not everybody participates the same way. Some are more domestically focused. Others have bigger international exposure. But in terms of consumer demand, I'd say it's broadly been steady and good, and there hasn't been -- there are places that fall and other places that rise. But overall, the consumer has been acting healthy and strong. So I don't think there's anything to see there other than moving, moving geographical trends and consumer trends in terms of what they're looking for. As far as brand spend, and again this isn't, I wouldn't get focused on the word brand spend, as we conventionally think about it, it is spend against our business, which could be brand spend, it could be performance marketing, it could be a lot of things. When we say we wanted it to support the One Key launch, it's not in the sense of like we needed money to buy TV spots, it's in the sense of we thought our money with the hook of One Key out the door would be more efficient as we drove consumption, be it through Google auctions or be it through digital advertising of various kinds or television. So that's what we were talking about. As far as how we're going to spend, we have a campaign out now that's very focused on One Key as a concept and the three of them coming together. But our intent is, at least for now, to keep marketing each brand, they will then, they will all have a touch point to One Key and make clear that they are, sibling brands and part of one big umbrella loyalty program, but they will each have their own brand identity in terms of what their consumer proposition is and how they deliver it to the consumer.
Jed Kelly: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Colantuoni from Jefferies. Your line is open.
John Colantuoni: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Sorry about the drop earlier. I want to talk a little bit about the One Key rollout. Can you help us understand what's changing from a loyalty perspective across each of the individual brands and how we should think about the sort of collective impact to take rate from these loyalty changes and perhaps some sort of other potential merchandising changes related to the rollout. And can you also help sort of talk a little bit more about the puts and takes of the acceleration in bookings growth? Next quarter, there's, the bites or slowdown in the system marketing spend and maybe some pull forward in the last quarter into Q1 from Q2. But I'm also curious if you've started to see an inflection point in some of the smaller brands where, they've gotten small enough to not have as material an impact on the overall business. Thanks.
Peter Kern: A lot of good questions there. I would say starting with One Key, basically I think the simplest way to think about it is One Key is closest in what it offers to what the Expedia program was, the brand Expedia program was historically in that you earn points, the points are worth money, you can spend the money. Some things have changed. I mentioned the member discounts. You now have silver and gold member discounts. There's added benefits for those silver, gold, platinum members that they get. But it's most similar, so that's, I would say, the least change in the sense that you could already use that currency across many products and things. You couldn't really use, you couldn't use it in Vrbo, but that was the one missing piece. So maybe the way to think about that is you've added Vrbo to the pot and those consumers can now benefit when they want to rent a vacation rental. Hotel.com, many of you are familiar, had a very rich program for the super user. If you book 10 rooms, you get a night free, and that was a very valuable benefit for a super user, but the vast majority of users didn't get a benefit because they never stayed enough nights. So we're trying to make that program much more attractive to all users while still keeping it very attractive to the super user for all the points I went into a moment ago as to why they would find incremental value there. And again, you could only use that on hotel product. Now you can use it on anything. And that's a lot more flexible, a lot more vast, and you can do a lot more with it. And then, of course, Vrbo had nothing. Now Vrbo will have rewards, which Airbnb doesn't have, etc. And you'll be able to use it for your next Vrbo stay, but you can also use it to go to a hotel or a resort or take your family on a flight or whatever. So again, it just gives all of our customers a lot more ways to use it for a lot different occasions and for a lot different products. And ultimately, we're trying to build a base of loyal customers that use us for all their travel needs that can go across whatever they need and spend more with us, buy more products from us, etc. So that's the game. We have all these brands, all these capabilities. We wanted the customers to benefit from all of that. So the patterns we're looking for is cross shopping, more items per customer, higher LTVs, more direct, more app-direct, etc. So that's what we think One Key really helps drive. As far as the puts and takes in the back half of bookings, your point about the smaller brands, as part of it, yes, the smaller brands that we have to emphasize for some time now are getting smaller and that drag is getting lighter all the time. We mentioned some of the things going on with insurance normalizing post-COVID and a few strange effects there. That's normalizing in the back half of the year. And lodging continues to grow, B2C lodging continues to grow, for instance most through [indiscernible] but both brands are getting stronger in the back half after the tough comp. And so you're basically getting the strong pulling more weight and getting bigger, the sort of noisy stuff making less noise. And overall we see good velocity in the business right now and we're seeing it continue and we feel good about all the product improvements. I mean this has also been a journey of improving product, improving conversion, improving sign-in, improving app-down, like all of those things are part of that journey. So every day they're literally getting better and stacking up on themselves. So I think that's a long journey and there's no magic to why it's going to hit next Tuesday, but with Vrbo's migration done, with One Key, which is a huge amount of resource for us out the door, these things, the velocity of other innovation gets faster and faster. And that's what we're focused on.
Unidentified Analyst: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from a line of Deepak Mathivanan from Wolf Research. Your line is open.
Deepak Mathivanan: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. Julie, can you help us with the full year guide on margin expansion? We're almost into the peak travel season and you said that for 3Q, margin should be flat here on here. But anyway, you can frame for us what the full year margins can reach to. And then kind of related to that, how should we think about the headwind from fixed cost growth? You obviously have a little bit of a duplicative cost right now with all the replatforming efforts. Is there a timeline when we can expect this to somewhat sort of start to show leverage and maybe you can deploy them for other projects? Thanks so much.
Julie Whalen: Sure. On the margin side, the EBITDA side, obviously this quarter's leverage certainly helps on the full year. We did guide to next quarter being more in line with last year. And that is, as you mentioned, the shift from the marketing spend that we have. But for all the things that Peter just alluded to, the strength of the business in the back half, particularly in the fourth quarter, we expect to see strong margin expansion in the fourth quarter that will help us on the year. So we're going to be operating top line, which will leverage the entire P&L, including marketing leverage in the fourth quarter that we think will drive that expansion. From a headwind from a fixed cost perspective, certainly we are going to be aggressive as we move out of this year and come out of the transformation phase to finding efficiencies across the P&L. As we've said, we have got redundant systems for very good reasons and migration, but it's time that we'll be starting to deprecate those systems and pulling costs out of the P&L, and whether that's cloud costs, licensing and maintenance, repurposing some of the product and tech staff to now go on the offense and go after optimization and innovation instead of migration. There's a lot of opportunity to really dig through the cost and pull that out as we move forward, but that's probably more of a 2024 going forward focus. But certainly with all that optimization as well, we should be able to leverage the P&L next year. So super excited about that.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you.
Peter Kern: Yes, I think that was the final question. So thank you all. Have a good Thursday. Appreciate your time. Take care.
Operator: That concludes today's call. You may now disconnect your lines. Have a nice day.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-04 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Expedia Group Q1 2023 Financial Results Teleconference. My name is Emily, and I'll be the operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] For opening remarks, I will turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Corporate Development, Strategy and Investor Relations, Harshit Vaish. Please go ahead.
Harshit Vaish: Good afternoon. Welcome to Expedia Group's earnings call for the first quarter of 2023 that ended March 31. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by our CEO, Peter Kern; and our CFO, Julie Whalen. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's view as of today, May 4, 2023, only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking, typically preceded by words such as we plan, we expect, we believe, we anticipate, we are optimistic or confident that or similar statements. Please refer to today's earnings release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You will find reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the company's Investor Relations website at ir.expediagroup.com. And I encourage you to consistently visit our IR website for other important information. Unless otherwise stated, any reference to expenses exclude stock-based compensation. And with that, let me turn the call over to Peter.
Peter Kern: Thank you, Harshit, and good afternoon, and thank you all for joining us today. As I mentioned last quarter, this year marks the final phase in our major platform transformation journey, and I'm pleased to have started the year with strong performance. We posted our highest ever quarter for lodging gross bookings and free cash flow and our best first quarter for revenue. Throughout the quarter, we saw strong consumer demand with acceleration in international and big city travel and more of Asia reopening. The reemergence of major international cities has meant increased hotel demand, offset in part by flattening demand in vacation rentals as travel demand mix to shorter stay urban destinations over extended beach and mountain trips. Similarly, air has continued to mix towards international travel and away from COVID era concentration in domestic. By and large, prices have held up quite well after several years of inflation. We've seen lodging ADRs hold fairly steady across geos. Air ticket prices, however, continued to increase as strong demand continues to outstrip capacity. The only area where we have seen any meaningful decline in average daily rate is in the car rental space, where larger inventories have allowed rental companies to drive more volume at the expense of price. Overall, we are pleased to see broad travel demand remains strong in what appears to be a more structural post-pandemic environment of people prioritizing travel above most other categories of spend. This has held up despite inflation in recession worries and even more recently, bank system concerns. While economists continue to debate potential recession outcomes and clearly, many unknowns are still out there, consumers have so far shaken it off and continue to travel. Against this backdrop in our consumer business, we continue to invest in our strategy of acquiring and retaining high-value loyalty members and app users across our 3 leading brands. As I have explained before, these cohorts drive higher production and repeat rates versus other customers, ultimately leading to higher lifetime value. Q1 '23 was another step in this journey as we saw our active loyalty member base for our Core OTA brands grow over 25% year-over-year and the percentage of gross bookings coming through our app roughly doubled what it was in 2019. This continued growth in our base of valuable customer cohorts, obviously, bodes very well for our future. I've also talked for a number of quarters about our platform journey and in particular, about the drag we had last year on our business resulting from the migration of Hotels.com to the Brand Expedia stack. I'm pleased to say that with that migration fully behind us, Hotels.com is now back in growth mode. We are already seeing higher conversion, increased feature velocity and higher bookings. In fact, year-over-year bookings growth for Hotels.com was nearly 20% in Q1 '23, which is beginning to approach the almost 30% we saw in Brand Expedia. This inflection back towards growth was exactly what we had expected, and we were pleased to see the pivot come so quickly. As you may recall, we are following the same migration path with Vrbo, which has now started taking some traffic on the Expedia stack in our largest markets. Just as we saw last year with Hotels.com, this work has flowed conversion and feature work on Vrbo for the past few quarters. And as we cut over, we expect some inevitable degradation in conversion due to the switch. But as we get this migration finished in the coming months, Vrbo too will be in prime position to benefit from the Expedia platform and just like Hotels.com will benefit from reaccelerating, testing, conversion and feature improvements. Our tech journey hasn't been easy, but we had to have conviction to give up some short-term gratification to get to the promised land. With a couple of big last lifts finishing this year, we will finally be in position for all of our business to accelerate their velocity of innovation and deploy more traveler features as widely as possible. In particular, I'm excited about the power to deploy AI and machine learning to all corners of our product to enhance the customer experience and move towards our North Star of true personalization. To that end, you probably noticed our launch of the Expedia plug-in for ChatGPT and the launch of ChatGPT in our own Expedia iOS app. This would not have been possible at this speed or with this efficacy in our prior world, and it's just a small piece of what the future will hold. It is yet to be seen how impactful large language models will be in facilitating travel shopping. But for us, this is just one step in a journey to bring the best technology to our members and partners at an accelerated pace. And to be clear, we have already been at the cutting edge of deploying AI and ML across almost all experiences for our consumers. When they land on our site, we use AI to customize the sorting and filtering options and the images we render to make the shopping experience most relevant to them. AI allows us to deliver price predictions and enable comparison shopping so they can book the right product with confidence. Then post booking, we use AI and our service stack to help consumers self-serve their problems, and it even helps our customer service agents more quickly address issues. While we have been using AI and ML for some time to make the experience better for consumers, we will go much further this year to continue to deliver the best technology in online travel. Another exciting milestone ahead of us is our unified loyalty program, One Key, which will be released in July in the United States. It reflects the culmination of years of work on the technology side to get to a solution that enables earn and burn across multiple products and brands in our portfolio. We've been busy testing this program and sourcing preferred deals for our members, all with great results to date, and we cannot wait to launch it this summer. I discussed many times how our broad investment in technology not only benefits the B2C traveler experience, but how it also enhances our B2B partner experience. This includes the over 400 million loyalty members we serve through our template partners and more than 35,000 offline travel agencies we power across more than 30 countries, all the way to our numerous API partners who take our inventory and certain debt capabilities to build their own experiences. On the back of this, demand in our B2B business continues to accelerate worldwide. We had yet another quarter of impressive growth with revenue growing approximately 55% year-over-year. We continue to sign new business, including SoFi, who has launched our full template product to their customer base. And as we look to enhance our partnerships with our biggest suppliers, we went live with both Hilton and Accor who will use our capabilities to sell packages on their sites. These are just a few examples, and we have many more wins coming this year. We continue to innovate for our supply partners and equip them with highly differentiated solutions. Last year, we spoke about our optimized distribution product that gives our lodging partners greater control of their wholesale business. This product has helped some of the biggest hoteliers in the world, and over the past 2 years, we have tripled the number of participating chains using this capability. There are significant innovations coming this year to give more control to our partners and allow smaller partners to participate in the product. I'm particularly proud of this product as it truly represents a winning technology for the entire industry and allows us to provide much more than just a marketplace for our partners. Finally, though somewhat more nascent, we have talked about our ambitions to externalize our tech in the form of micro services to help any kind of travel company use our tech to enhance their business. Our first pilot of our fraud capability started late last year, and I'm proud to say we now have our first paying customer on the service. We also have other products in beta testing with a number of partners, including our best-in-class service technology and our revenue management API. While still early days, we believe that by delivering our technology as micro services, we are greatly expanding the addressable market for our tech and cementing our technology as the core operating system for the travel industry. Next week, we will host our EXPLORE partner event at our Seattle campus, where we are excited to showcase what we've been working on for our partners and how we are helping our partners sell more, operate more efficiently and ultimately better serve travelers around the world. Overall, I'm really pleased with our progress. I'm excited that we're in the final innings of our tech transformation, and I'm encouraged by the incremental momentum we achieve with every step. We've been willing to take some short-term lumps in order to get these moves finished, but the rewards are now clearly becoming visible in the Hotels.com reacceleration and the sheer velocity of our tech delivery. And in our B2B business, where we have not had disruption, and have only enriched our offerings, our growth has been phenomenal. No company is doing more to move travel tech forward and make the entire experience better for travelers. And ultimately, that is how we will win. And with that, let me hand it over to Julie.
Julie Whalen: Thanks, Peter, and hello, everyone. I am pleased with our performance in the first quarter with record lodging levels driving gross bookings up 20% year-over-year, revenue up 18% to its highest ever first quarter levels and record free cash flow. Our robust top line performance reflects the success we're seeing from our strategic growth initiatives as well as the continued health of the travel industry. And it's this strength in the business that gives us the confidence to continue to buy back our stock at accelerated levels at $600 million, one of the largest buybacks we have done year-to-date. Before I jump into more of the details, I wanted to remind you that effective this quarter and going forward, all financial comparisons will be on a year-over-year basis. As a result, we no longer need to refer to like-for-like growth rates as the Egencia transaction and associated Amex GBT supply agreement closed in 2021. Additionally, to provide more clarity and transparency, we have removed less relevant disclosures and discussions within the press release, while at the same time, added new disclosures such as lodging gross bookings. Of course, we will continue to evaluate whether any additional disclosures may be helpful over time, and we'll update you accordingly. It is also important to note that our first quarter 2023 growth rates as compared to 2022 were negatively impacted by FX headwinds of approximately 200 basis points to gross bookings, 300 basis points to revenue and 1,600 basis points to EBITDA. We also saw an approximately 80 basis point headwind to the EBITDA margin. Now let's discuss more of the financial details regarding our performance this quarter, beginning with our gross booking trends. Total gross bookings of $29.4 billion were up 20% versus the first quarter of 2022 and saw a sequential acceleration in the year-over-year growth rate from the fourth quarter. Growth was driven primarily by total lodging gross bookings, which grew 19% versus last year and reached a record quarterly level of $21.1 billion. In our hotel business, we saw significant growth from our B2B segment, driven by strong demand in EMEA and APAC. In our B2C business, Brand Expedia maintained strong growth and our Hotels.com brand showed impressive recovery post its migration to the Brand Expedia platform. These results are also aided to some extent by shifting demand patterns. For instance, as more and more businesses return to hybrid work policies, we've seen increased demand in urban markets and a reduction in length of stay. So while these trends are helping our hotels business, the same trends are also putting some pressure on our Vrbo business. Yet this pressure was far outweighed by our hotel strength, enabling us to maintain total lodging bookings at record levels. We also saw strong growth in our air bookings this quarter, especially in international travel, which was more impacted by the Omicron variant during the first quarter last year. This air strength was both in the number of tickets sold and an air ticket price increases as demand continues to outstrip capacity. It is great to see that air continues to gain momentum despite higher prices and international air has recovered to close to 2019 levels. Moving to the key financial metrics in the P&L, starting with total revenue. Revenue was the highest first quarter on record at $2.7 billion, up 18% versus the first quarter of 2022. The revenue margin at 9.1% was down slightly versus last year, driven mostly by the strong recovery in our lower-margin air business. Cost of sales was $411 million for the quarter, which is up about $43 million or 12% with approximately 100 basis points of leverage as a percentage of revenue versus the first quarter of 2022, driven by ongoing efficiencies primarily across our customer support operations. We benefited from lower customer support call volume as well as the continued efficiency from the various automation initiatives we have implemented over the past few years, and we expect to continue to find even more efficiencies as we finish our migration onto one platform in areas such as cloud and license and maintenance costs as we eliminate redundant systems. Direct sales and marketing expense in the first quarter was $1.5 billion, which was up $311 million or 26% versus last year. There were 2 main drivers of the spend increase. First, in our B2C business, we leaned into marketing to take advantage of the strong demand environment and to accelerate gross bookings growth. And we also maintained our marketing spend mix towards longer-term payback channels to drive loyalty members and app users, which given the longer-term return profile of the spend is less closely correlated to demand within any given quarter. The second reason for the increase in marketing spend is an increase in commissions to support the accelerating growth in our B2B business, which fall into our direct sales and marketing line. These commissions are generally paid on a stay basis and to a contractually agreed percentage. And therefore, the returns against marketing spend are more guaranteed and immediate. Given these factors and the fact that we underinvested last year due to Omicron, we did see marketing deleverage. Overhead expenses were $588 million, an increase of $56 million or 11% versus the first quarter of 2022, growing slower than revenue growth, resulting in leverage of approximately 160 basis points. While we remain disciplined on our overall cost structure, we continue to invest in talent across our product and technology teams in support of our platform initiatives to drive growth. EBITDA was $185 million, up $12 million or 7% versus the first quarter of 2022, which includes the 1,600 basis point negative impact to growth from FX. Excluding this year-over-year negative FX impact, EBITDA grew 23% and ahead of revenue growth, resulting in an EBITDA margin, excluding FX, 10 basis points above last year. Free cash flow for the quarter was at record levels, at a positive $2.9 billion or up 3% versus 2022, primarily driven by higher working capital from the outperformance in our gross bookings. On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with over $5.9 billion in unrestricted cash and our undrawn revolving line of credit of $2.5 billion, which provides us with ample liquidity of $8.4 billion to operate the business. From a debt perspective, our debt level remains at approximately $6.3 billion with a leverage ratio of 2.7x. However, in order to further fortify our investment-grade rating, we are targeting a leverage ratio of approximately 2x. And through EBITDA growth and potentially some early retirement of debt, we expect to make progress towards this goal by the end of the year. The great news is we have recently received upgraded ratings or outlooks from all 3 rating agencies, demonstrating the actions we have taken to improve the financial strength of the business are being well received. As far as capital allocation, given our strong free cash flow levels and a stock price that we believe remains undervalued relative to our expected long-term performance, we have been opportunistically buying back our stock on an accelerated basis. Year-to-date, this is one of our largest levels of buybacks of $600 million or nearly 6 million shares. Post these buybacks, we have ample levels of shares remaining under our existing authorization for future repurchases at approximately 12.1 million shares. And considering our ongoing strong liquidity and free cash flow, as long as we continue to believe that our stock remains undervalued and does not reflect our confidence in the long-term strength of the business, we plan to continue buying back our stock opportunistically throughout 2023. Looking ahead, given the strength we continue to see in our business, we are reiterating our full year outlook of double-digit top line growth with margin expansion. As it pertains to the second quarter, it is important to remember that although we continue to see strong travel demand, we expect year-over-year top line growth to moderate in the short term to mid-single digits, primarily driven by a tougher compare given the strength in the business last year from the immediate rebound we saw post Omicron as well as some short-term disruption to Vrbo resulting from its migration to the core Expedia stack. In addition, similar to the first quarter, we expect to lean into marketing in the second quarter as we invest to drive gross bookings and increase loyalty membership and app usage ahead of the busy summer season, all of which has set us up for a stronger back half. Overall, we expect to see EBITDA margins in the second quarter to be relatively in line with last year. In closing, 2023 is off to a great start, with record revenue and cash flow. The travel industry appears to be strong and growing, and our growth initiatives are gaining momentum. And all of this, we believe positions us well to drive long-term growth and shareholder returns. And with that, I would now like to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Lee Horowitz with Deutsche Bank.
Lee Horowitz: Great. So you talked a lot about continued improvement in loyalty and app usage. But can you maybe help us sort of clarify sort of all indirect bookings and how that's trending and how that informs the way you view advertising leverage, particularly in the second half of the year and as you look out to next year? And I have one follow-up after if I could.
Peter Kern: Sure. Thanks, Lee. It's a little hard to hear you, but I think I got it. The -- so basically, the way we think about it is, our business, we said it last quarter, it's running at a similar level. About 2/3 of the business comes from direct. That continues to grow as a nominal number, but as a percentage, it's fairly similar to where it was a quarter ago. And basically, yes, we are investing in app and these longer -- and loyalty and these longer-term payback products. But remember, we're only taking a portion of our quarterly spend, if you will, and putting it into these channels. So it's not like we reversed the model, and it's all into these long-term channels. We are peeling off a portion of it, a fairly modest but sizable portion, and putting it into these longer channels. It means we give up some short-term payback and it means we stack up these customers over time. But given that it's not our full spend, it takes a while for this to stack up. Then you add to that, that we are now getting back to the conversion levels we used to have and accelerating through them as we get HCOM on BEX stack, as we get Vrbo on the new stack and we're accelerating BEX itself because -- Brand Expedia itself because we are just upping the velocity of testing massively. So we're getting a lot of improvement. A lot of it is coming through this year and coming even as we speak. And so the reason we have confidence in the leverage that will come in the back half of this year and the future is we're both stacking up the loyalty and the app usage and all these more direct channels. That's what we're doing with the money that we can tactically spend differently, but we're also changing and improving the product and the conversion in the product so that every dollar will work harder in the future. So all of that's coming and then One Key launches in July, which is yet again another sticky product feature that will add millions of people from Vrbo, customers from Vrbo into the mix and allow more of our loyalty members to spend across more products. So all of that is coming kind of at the same time, not that it's going to be a moment in time inflection, but it's building on itself. And that's why we said second half of this year will be stronger. And obviously, going forward beyond that once we get past the One Key rollout, et cetera, would be stronger. So that's what gives us confidence in the marketing leverage. It's not like one tactical change in spend changes it all. It's a combination of building that up over time, plus adding the product benefits and getting all the technical work behind us.
Lee Horowitz: Great. And then one more. With travel seemingly shifting back towards areas where you guys are incredibly strong, urban, international and the like, can you give us an update on how you think U.S. hotel share progressed in the quarter? And what your expectations are here for the rest of the year, particularly with HCOM accelerating at this point?
Peter Kern: Yes. I think broadly, we feel like -- from a share perspective in hotels in North America, we essentially held share, maybe slightly better. We're not overinvesting the problem again. It's a balance -- this journey is a balance of how you spend versus how the technology comes online. We could have spent a lot more on Hotels.com last year, but it wouldn't have been as effective as Hotel.com gets better, we can spend more. So all of these capabilities give us more weapons to fight better in the fight. And so we feel like we've held maybe slightly better, and we should see acceleration from that. And equally importantly, we did pull back, as you know, in the past few years from some international spots where we were not as effective and as efficient, but as we now feel like the products improved, we have a marketing model that we believe in, we feel like we'll be in a position to start rolling out more aggressively. Not a North America story, it has been for a while, but this is really how do we grow beyond that as we get past these technical hurdles and are in a position to roll more quickly across the world.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Kopelman with Cowen.
Jacob Seide: This is Jacob Seide in for Kevin Kopelman. Just a question on One Key launch. So with the launch in July, how are you thinking about some of the smaller brands that are not going to be included in the launch? And how are you thinking about managing them going forward?
Peter Kern: Yes. Thanks, Jacob. I think we've talked about it a couple of times before. But by and large, we have somewhat deemphasized and not invested as strongly in the smaller brands as we continue to put more heft behind the big 3 brands. One Key will envelop the big 3. And we certainly aren't going to take our brands away from people right away or anything, but we do believe that, that over time, people will migrate to our big 3 brands where the latest product features are, where One Key is, et cetera. So essentially, the way to think about it, and that's why we've talked about how Brand Expedia is doing, how Hotels.com is accelerating is we've got a drag on the business, which is sort of our other brands going sideways to slightly down as against the businesses that are growing more quickly, where we're investing and where the product is accelerating faster. So it's essentially -- there's a little bit of the big brands have to eat the sideways or slightly slow degradation of the other brands, but that's something we've planned for in terms of the guidance we've given this year and certainly something we plan for long term.
Operator: Our next question comes from [ Anthony Post ] with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Unknown Analyst: I guess a couple of things. When I see the B2B growth versus outpacing the core retail, how do you think about that business as a margin versus your core business? And should we expect to see more the retail accelerate as you kind of fix the platforms at Expedia and Hotels.com? And then secondly, as you think about the overall use of cash, anything to stop you from deploying cash flow to buybacks, anything on the debt side we should be thinking about?
Peter Kern: Yes. I'll take the first part and then leave the capital side to Julie. But -- so I think the B2B business has been growing terrifically, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we haven't had to do any big technical migrations. In fact, we've added to the capabilities over the last couple of years and we've seen the benefits of that in many of our business lines. That business saw great growth in part because it is more exposed to some of the geographies that came back last quarter. So the opening of Asia is more impactful for our B2B business, Latin America, et cetera. So some of it is geographical mix that you're seeing there. But definitely, we expect our B2B business to continue to grow. I think I said a few years ago, this was an area we saw lots of opportunity that we were going to push into. So we expect and we'll be driving as much growth there as we can, again, to fill in the pockets of demand that we would not otherwise reach through our B2C business. But absolutely, we expect our B2C business to accelerate as we get through this major surgery we've done over the last few years, which has taken a long time and is painful. But as we get across, we are in a better and better position every day to accelerate. We've got a few of these last lifts to get through for sure. But hopefully, we're on the back 9, and we're close to the end of that, and we can put all our resource, technical product design resource against accelerating growth once we are across these things. So we do expect -- I'm not going to say I expect B2B to slow down to B2C. I expect B2C to accelerate, and I expect both businesses to grow well in the coming period.
Julie Whalen: And from a capital allocation perspective, our approach hasn't changed. We did sort of lay out the targeted leverage ratio this time just to sort of give disclosure to what we internally are striving for, and we will make progress towards that this year and going forward. And we can make progress towards that with EBITDA growth and potentially some small paydown of debt. And it won't take much given how much you already reduced our debt level. So all that to say with strong EBITDA and strong free cash flow, we have a lot of cash available to be able to deploy to buybacks. As we have done with our largest one to date -- one of our largest ones to date that we've done about $600 million this year. So there's still ample room and availability to be able to buy back. And as long as our stock is trading at the levels it is relative to what we know the long-term performance  of this company is going to do, we will continue to do that opportunistically.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Sheridan with Goldman Sachs.
Eric Sheridan: So much of the focus for investors tends to be in the North America market. And you made some interesting comments about some of the international markets on this call so far. Can you give us an update on your view on where you sit competitively and how you think about the investment cycle to drive growth away from North America, maybe through the lens of some of the B2B and B2C initiatives and some of the refocused brand initiatives, so we have a better understanding of that?
Peter Kern: Sure. Let me kind of work backwards. I think B2B is a great business, a great tool for us to reach pockets of demand. As I said, that we don't otherwise reach or reach well. That might be geographical like China, for example, where we have -- where we expect a good rebound there, and we have a nice book of business with partners in China and -- or it might be a loyalty program in a market we're already in, but that has a captive audience that's burning points in a bank credit card program or something. So that business definitely gives us ways to participate in travel economies that we are not otherwise sort of going head-to-head in the B2C side. But as we talk about the B2C side, we've had presence in many markets around the world, some of which we are just as leaned into as we've ever been, and some of which we -- as we talked about in the prior periods, we pulled out of because the economics just weren't worth it. We were losing money and not gaining retainable share, I would say, without having to continue to spend and lose money. We believe what we had to do and what we've been doing is building a better model, a better product, a better go-to-market marketing strategy that helps us acquire the right kinds of customers who value what we have, which is the best product, the best loyalty program, the best service in the category and that may or may not be every customer in the world, but we believe we can target those customers in lots of geographies. There are big pockets of them that we don't touch right now that are opportunities, and there are also pockets of them that we used to touch less efficiently that we think we can go back to with strength. So I think you'll see us -- it's not going to be a huge story in the numbers this year, although we have seen a great comeback in EMEA, in Asia, in Latin America, where we do participate. But that's a bigger story over time as we get our One Key launch done, as we get our product complete and as we can start to move our strategy more holistically into new markets and target the right customers for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lloyd Walmsley with UBS.
Unknown Analyst: This is Chris on for Lloyd. Maybe the first question on just as we think about the '23 double-digit growth guide on both the top and bottom line. Just philosophically, how are you -- how do you think about potentially showing letting upside flow through on either the top line or bottom line for this year? And then second, just going -- it sounds like things are turning around in the air product. Just can you talk a bit about how you think about air as a separate funnel potentially for driving room night growth from here?
Julie Whalen: So as far as the guidance, I didn't hear all of what you said, but I think basically the question is, what gives you the confidence to be able to hit the top line and the bottom line guidance, which does include margin expansion. I mean it's several things. Peter alluded to many of them. But I mean, obviously, it starts with the travel industry -- strength of travel industry is really strong. Everyone is reporting great numbers. And so clearly, the consumer is prioritizing their spend on travel. We're seeing it in our own business with the success we're seeing with the Brand Expedia business with a 30% growth in gross bookings and then Hotels.com getting on that platform and at post-migration now driving 20% increase in gross bookings. We have a B2B business that's grown 55%, which is a halo for the rest of the business. We have Q2, we're at the moment where we've got to address this tougher year-over-year compare, and we're going through the Vrbo migration. But when we come out the other side, Vrbo will be on the same platform that is delivering that same sort of double-digit growth. And so we're excited to see that. And then on top of everything else we're doing with the growing loyalty member base, the growing app user base and all of the goodness that, that will drive in the back half, along with all of our tech and product initiatives, that's what gives us the confidence that we're going to be able to hit this guidance on the full year.
Peter Kern: Yes. And I'll just take the second part on air. We've been innovating a lot on air. Now it's important to remember, since if you go back pre-COVID, we sold Egencia, our corporate business in to Amex GBT, and we got out of the air business with our partner, Chase. So there's some weird comps if you go back in history. But if you look at the air product, I think we've made huge progress on it as a product. You'll find we have price tracking and predictions now in most of the world. That's been a great engagement product. It's helped with conversion. It's helped with attached sales of hotels and other things. We've increased our speed. We've got smart shopping, which is a new capability of comparison shopping -- or looking at the best seats and the different economy -- basic economy, et cetera, and comparing more easily. We use AI to suggest the best option for each customer. So all of these things are in the works. We've improved our search speed considerably recently. So there's a bunch of work going in to make that product, the preeminent product in the space again. And I think we definitely look at it as an opportunity. It's a unique capability, something we've always been strong in, something we can drive traffic through. We have a lot of opportunity to improve our attach rates and our packaging, if you will. We have terrific package rates for many of our partners, and we've just started deploying as part of the run-up to One Key member flight member discounts, which we've never had before, which is a great opportunity for airlines to use their pricing to help get the best customers out of our marketplace. So I think there's a lot of things that have been in the works and coming. And again, this is just one of the areas where I say the technology has been evolving through this period and it's all getting to a place where it can be much more effective. And we haven't spent much time on it. But obviously, once everything is on the same stack, we start to have a unique capability to start moving more products across brands. So things we've talked about before, like better selling, our Vrbo content, on our OTA brands and through those points of sales becomes a reality. Selling Vrbo content through our B2B partners, there's some vacation rental content in our OTA brands that isn't on our Vrbo stack. So we will have that consolidated. So there's lots of opportunities that come from this migration that are all in sort -- air is one of them, and we've done a lot there, but there are many.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Colantuoni with Jefferies.
Unknown Analyst: This is Chris on for John. Can you double click on the commentary from last quarter around delivering margin expansion throughout the year? And maybe just give us a sense for kind of what line items we should expect that to come from and then help us size the [ efficiency ] you're anticipating as well?
Julie Whalen: Yes. I mean as far as margin expansion as we move throughout the year. I mean, certainly, as we deliver more top line growth. And right now, we're sort of more of a mode of driving gross bookings where we don't get the benefit of that to revenue -- into earnings until the stay. And so in the back half with this outperformance that we're seeing today, we expect to have that benefit the P&L. And of course, we're expecting marketing leverage as we move throughout the year based on all the things we talked about that we're going to benefit from. So it's really those two lines. We're going to be obviously working on efficiencies across the company as we deliver on our tech stack and start to be able to repurpose individuals and cut costs and things like that, and that will also drive some efficiencies, but it's really the top line revenue growth and the marketing efficiencies in the back half.
Peter Kern: Yes. And I'd just add one thing, which is the shape of the curve this year is we have a lot of work to get done, and that involves a lot of people being dedicated to these big lifts. But as we get towards the end of the year, a lot of that work subsides so that we can stick those people and that great talent on growth initiatives that are more near-term generative. So that's part of what happens is every time we put something to bed, we get more resource available to drive conversion growth, to drive improvement in the customer experience that turns into money. So that the efficiency we get going forward once we're over these big lifts is much bigger. How much of it hits this year versus future years, TBD. But that's the journey we're on is we've got to get over these big humps and then we start -- we've seen it already when we did the Hotels.com conversion, the migration. We freed up a lot of talent to work on near-term conversion wins, and it's been hugely productive for us. Again, every time we do one of these, we get more capability back to put against more near-term uplift in the business. And so that's where we start to get more separation relative to the cost base, and that's partially this year, but it's obviously more going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Champion with Piper Sandler.
Thomas Champion: Peter, just any interesting observations behaviorally on the GPT plug-in, maybe too early, but just curious any comments. And then I think this is self-evident in your implication, but the tech replatforming will be ostensibly complete in the U.S. in July with the launch of One Key. Just curious if that's the case. And then maybe just a final one for Julie. I was a little surprised by the outsized impact of FX on EBITDA in 1Q. Curious if you could elaborate on that or add any details.
Peter Kern: Thanks, Tom. I'll try the first couple. So you said the GPT -- the ChatGPT plug-in, which is that is where we have made a plug-in for their environment so that when people are searching, thinking about travel and their environment and want to see if there are hotels near the Eiffel Tower or what flights leave from L.A. to New York on Tuesday, if they have our plug-in, we can provide that. That is still only available in the paid and the developer environment. So it's not like out in the wild. So it's small still, but interesting to see how people behave. People are using it. And obviously, it's not materially changing our numbers, but it's definitely a lot of interesting learnings for us. We've also deployed it, which may have been what you meant, into our own iOS app, and that's to allow people to essentially use the capability in our app to do a similar thing, what hotels are near the Eiffel Tower or whatever they might be searching for. And what we do then is if ChatGPT provides answers and it's a series of hotels, we will take those hotels, save those hotels for people so that they can then go shop, comparison shop, look at images, do whatever they want. Again, early days, but people have engaged with it. It's been interesting to people, not a huge driver yet. And that's why I say we don't know how big a driver is going to be in behavior, but it's definitely interesting. And I'll just add, we wouldn't be the only company in the world, but we are on the forefront of looking at other ways that large language models can help other parts of our experience, whether it's with our partners, whether it's turning descriptions into property descriptions, making that easier for people. There's a lot of ways we think we can look at using AI in this construct, but we use AI and machine learning a lot of other constructs as I talked about, whether it's optimizing pictures or anything else. So it's interesting, it's early, and we'll see and we'll see when the plug-in is available to a wider audience, what it drives, and we'll see what ChatGPT does to the search environment. We'd love to see more competition in global search. So we're rooting for a more competitive search environment, and we think we're staying on the absolute front of what anyone is doing in travel with large language models. As far as the tech replatforming goes, yes, the answer to your question is, yes. The last of the big things in the U.S. is really to launch One Key. Now a launch is a launch. And sometimes it takes a little time to harden that and make sure everything is working perfectly. But yes, essentially, once One Key is done in the U.S., that's the last of the sort of big boulder lifts we've had. Now we want to launch One Key in more places. There's work to do to complete the set, if you will, as we complete the geographical set of capabilities and so forth. But in terms of the really big lift on the biggest piece of our business, that would be the last of the lifts, and that's why I say, I think we'll have a lot more talent available to drive other things once we're over that hump.
Julie Whalen: And as far as FX, obviously, it just really depends on which currencies we are transacting in and their relativity to the strength of the U.S. dollar. And the difference between the delta on the top and the bottom line is really just a function of Q1 is our lower earnings quarter. And so it has a more pronounced impact on the lower level of earnings relative to the top line. It's obviously a much bigger number. So it's just -- it's a function of math.
Operator: The next question comes from Mario Lu with Barclays.
X. Lu: So the first one, a follow-up on One Key. You mentioned it's rolling out in July. Just -- is that a global rollout? Or just U.S? And then is there like a rough time frame we should think about in terms of when we should see the benefits of the joint loyalty program? I understand that take rates will take hit initially once points are redeemed. But just curious how we should think about the expected payback period?
Peter Kern: Sure. Thanks, Mario. So yes, the -- we are rolling on the U.S. first. We will roll out in the rest of the world more later in the year and next year. And then just keep in mind, there are differences in the rest of the world where, in some cases, not all brands are present. In some cases, we have a different brand in lieu of one of our brands. So they will take on slightly different flavors across the world. But the U.S. obviously is the biggest proof point and the biggest place in which we think the installed base gets the biggest lift. And as far as that payback goes, obviously, loyalty is a thing which drives future repeat, future loyalty, future engagement. And as you know, we've been focused on signing up as many -- even before One Key, on getting way more of our customer base signed in, signed up and engaged with our products, not least of all because they see the best prices that way, they get rewarded for their travel, and they have reasons to come back. So we've modeled it a lot of different ways. It's difficult to say how quickly it pays back given that travel for most people is a 1.5x a year kind of endeavor on average. Now obviously, there are people who go 20x a year, like everybody on this call probably. But -- so we will see, we've modeled it a series of ways, but we don't expect a huge payback in this year. We think some of it will come back this year and some of it will come back in the future, and it will keep building on itself. And as we've said before, our intent is between all of the levers we have of spend, be it direct sales and marketing, paid search, discounting, loyalty and everything else. We view that as one pool of capital, and we intend to balance between those pools. So as we as we provide more loyalty, which will drive, again, some longer-term payback than the short-term paid search stuff. We will pull it out of other spots to accommodate that and live within an envelope of spend that we think is right in terms of what we should be spending all up against buying that future business. So again, it's a little bit a timing dislocation compared to that quick twitch muscle of performance marketing, but we think well worth it. And again, we are going to envelop a whole millions of customers in Vrbo that used to live outside our loyalty plan that will all of a sudden be able to spend into our loyalty plan whether it's for a different kind of trip or something else. And likewise, all of our existing loyalty members in Expedia and Hotels.com will be able to use their points against vacation rental. So there's a lot of things that could be shorter to it, so a lot of things that could be longer and we've modeled it a bunch of ways, but we'll see. We don't have too much of the benefit coming in this year.
X. Lu: Got it. And just one for Julie, in terms of the 2Q commentary on the top line to mid-single digit, any color in terms of the drivers to get to that in terms of what level of bookings growth or take rate we should expect?
Julie Whalen: No, we didn't go into that level of detail. I mean, obviously, it's a tough compare, I think, for a lot of companies for next quarter given the immediate rebound in travel post Omicron. So that's the biggest driver. That's bringing us down to the single digits. And of course, as we've been talking about, we're doing the Vrbo migration during the same time period. So those are the 2 real big drivers. And so I wouldn't think about anything else that's a big at play there.
Operator: Our final question today comes from Jed Kelly with Oppenheimer.
Jed Kelly: Great. Just 2 questions. Just on the Vrbo migration you called out. Are you seeing any pressures from sort of the vacation rental markets having call it, 3 record years and now people being able to travel to other destinations? And then just my second question related to supply. Can you just give us a sense how your Vrbo supply is trending? And then your supply in some of the international markets like where we are in supply?
Peter Kern: Yes. Thanks for the question, Jed. So if you missed it, I mentioned it. But yes, we have seen a little bit of flattening in demand in VR, and that is largely because the length of stays have shortened, people are going to cities more than they're going to long extended beach -- COVID-era beach vacations or mountain vacations where they took a month and went wherever. So that's definitely changed, hybrid work has changed. So all of those things are impacting macro demand slightly. Now much of it is going back to cities. In our VR business, we don't participate as much in the urban market, though we do have good product there. I mentioned it before, but we actually have good urban market product in our OTA brands, but it's not in our Vrbo brand. So one of the things that the Vrbo migration brings us is the ability to get all that content together. And that actually will help a lot. And as you think about supply because we've had it kind of in pockets as opposed to all available everywhere. And that makes a big difference in supply. Having said that, we've grown supply well in our Vrbo. And again, in our core product, which is whole home or apartment, and is focused not on shared spaces or any of that. But we've had good solid growth throughout the period, and we continue to add product that are principally focused on places where we've seen the most compression overall in the world. We're not trying to break brand-new ground where we don't have demand. But we have seen solid growth in supply. We'll continue to push into that. But I think the biggest unlock for us will actually come when we get the Vrbo migration done and all of our supply can move really to any point of sale and any endpoint in our brand system. And that's -- it will take us a little while to optimize. So I don't think that's like a moment in time inflection point. But that's the biggest opportunity for us to amp up our supply and reveal it better to the demand in the market. Thank you. And with that, thank you, everybody. I think that was our last question. Thanks for joining us. We'll see you next quarter. Take care.
Operator: This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect your lines. Have a nice day.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-09 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Expedia Group Q4 2022 Financial Results Teleconference. My name is Emily, and I'll be the operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] For opening remarks, I will turn the call over to Senior Vice President, Corporate Development, Strategy and Investor Relations, Harshit Vaish. Please go ahead.
Harshit Vaish: Good afternoon, and welcome to Expedia Group's earnings call for the fourth quarter of 2022 that ended December 31. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by our CEO, Peter Kern, and our CFO, Julie Whalen.  The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's view as of today, February 9, 2023 only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information.  As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking, typically preceded by words such as we plan, we expect, we believe, we anticipate, we are optimistic or confident that or similar statements. Please refer to today's earnings release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You will find reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the company's Investor Relations website at ir.expediagroup.com. And I encourage you to consistently visit our IR website for other important information. Unless otherwise stated, any reference to expenses excludes stock-based compensation. And with that, let me turn the call over to Peter.
Peter Kern: Thank you, Harshit. And good afternoon. And thank you all for joining us today. This past year was an important one in our company's journey. We did a ton of work and made great progress on many transformational initiatives, all while delivering record EBITDA.  Q4 was yet another step in that journey, despite the impact to our P&L from the severe weather. Hurricane Ian in early October and the winter storms in late December drove up cancellations, causing bookings and revenue for the quarter to come in behind our expectations, despite demand otherwise accelerating through the quarter.  The good news is that we have seen those booking trends come back much stronger in January post the disruptions. So, 2023 is off to a great start.  And we were really pleased that our investment over the last several years in service technology and capabilities allowed us to deliver best-in-class service through these difficult travel circumstance. As I've said many times before, when your strategy is centered around long term retention of valuable customers, every element of the work must deliver for the traveler. So big thanks to our service team for all their hard work, especially over the holidays.  Now, as we launch into 2023, I'm particularly pleased with how our strategy of investing in and retaining high lifetime value members is showing accelerating improvement across our business.  For the fourth quarter of 2022 versus 2019, our new customers that became loyalty members grew over 60%. And we entered 2020 with a record number of active loyalty members, which is 10% higher than any prior year. And just as importantly, our quarterly active app users increased by approximately 40%.  For us, these are the most important metrics to gauge the progress of our strategy. Just to remind you, our loyalty members each drive two times the gross profit on repeat business over an 18-month period as compared to non-members. And our app users each drive 2.5 times the gross profit on repeat business over the same period.  When you combine these two and have a loyalty member who also uses the app, this drives the highest production of all, and that group represented the fastest growing customer cohort for us in 2022.  But as strong as those numbers are, for our overall business, they're even better in our Expedia brand in the US. This is extremely important because Expedia US is the business where we've been able to make our fastest product and marketing improvements, and where we have the most complete set of capabilities to support our strategy.  And the evidence is clear. In the fourth quarter of 22 versus 2019, Expedia US grew new customers that became loyalty members by over 300% and entered 2023 with nearly 70% more active loyalty members than any prior year, and almost 60% more active app users. Expedia US was able to deliver almost 20% revenue growth in 2022 as compared to 2019, and there's still plenty of improvements yet to come.  Of course, when you look at our all-up B2C numbers, the accelerating performance of Expedia US has been largely offset by our intentional deemphasis of some smaller non-core brands, our pullback in certain geographies where we did not have the right model, and of course, our much discussed technical migration, which required significant work, and like all migrations resulted in some short term friction.  But what I'm really excited about is that with the proof now very clear that our strategy is working, we will begin more aggressively rolling it out to our other brands and our non-US markets. After years of democratizing travel, we are now taking a leap forward to use cutting edge technology, a better marketplace, a broader rewards program, and best-in-class service to drive true customer benefit and loyalty. Because when you take care of customers and give them great experiences, they keep coming back. And that's how you win.  In support of this long term strategy, you will see us maintain a higher mix of marketing spend to channels that attract desirable long term customers, rather than just chasing short term transactions. Therefore, the parameters of when and who is worth marketing to and winning as a customer will be different. We have clearly proven the value of attracting and retaining the right customers, and increasingly, our P&L will reflect that.  We're starting 2023 with the highest number of active loyalty members and app users for any year. And we will see further momentum in the business this year thanks to a much larger base of loyal customers.  Of course, our confidence in our strategy is ultimately only possible because of the underlying technology that we have invested so much in over the last several years. This is what has enabled Expedia US to grow faster. And all of our brands and geographies begin to ride on that same tech stack, we will expand our ability to compete and win in more places. Work that created a drag on our business in 2022 like the migration of hotels.com to our core platform become big on lots for us in 2023.  As one example of this, we expect our test velocity around optimizing our sites to grow roughly fourfold with the same resources this year and more engineers and product team members are freed up post migration and our tests can be run across our entire base of core OTA traffic. In other words, we will have many more tests where the winners get deployed across a much larger base.  And as we continue to invest further in product and technology and new features and capabilities to take online travel to the next level, these improvements increasingly impact more and more of our customers more rapidly worldwide. No travel player in the world has done more over the last few years to innovate around the shopping and service experience to improve the travel journey for the consumer.  And just to emphasize the point, all of our advances in technology, in product and in customer service not only benefit our direct customers, but continue to benefit our expanding base of B2B partners as well.  Our B2B business is one of the largest in the world and continues to grow rapidly. The breadth and depth of our products are expanding as is our partner base, reinforcing the importance of our supply and our technology as the core operating system of the travel market.  To that end, we added many new partners and grew significantly in 2022, despite agents still being greatly constrained. With the return of travel into and out of China in 2023 and a robust pipeline of new partners around the world, we anticipate significant growth and a great year for our B2B business.  So as we wrap up what was the most profitable year in our history, we begin what will be another exciting year of growth and the last in our major technical overhaul. This coming year, we will finish moving all of our brands on to one front-end stack. Vrbo, the last major brands to come across, has already been testing traffic on the new front end, and will make the final migration in the coming months.  This last step will then allow us to launch our new One Key loyalty program, which will span all of our main brands. It will be the broadest, most flexible loyalty program in the world. And for the first time, give vacation home renters the benefits of a loyalty program. And importantly, it will complement our many partners loyalty programs as well.  So overall, I'm confident that with more technical tailwinds and headwinds this year, and with a proven strategy that we will be expanding on, we will once again drive strong financial growth while completing the last of our major changes. It has taken several years and a lot of hard work, investment and patience. But we're extremely gratified about where we are and what we know we can deliver going forward. And I'm even more excited about moving the last big boulders of our plan across the line and driving greater acceleration in the future.  And with that, let me hand it over to Julie.
Julie Whalen : Thanks, Peter. And hello, everyone. 2022 was a year of significant progress on our strategic growth initiatives. And our financial results are evidence that we are on the right path to deliver long term profitable growth.  The accelerating success of our lodging business, particularly in our brand Expedia business in the US, which is the first of our brands to benefit from our transformative tech and marketing initiatives, enabled us to deliver total company record lodging bookings and revenue. And we did this while at the same time driving significant profitability with record EBITDA levels at over $2.3 billion and an EBITDA margin of over 20%.  Our fourth quarter also benefited from continued strong lodging demand, but unfortunately was heavily impacted by Hurricane Ian in October, and the storms in the US during December. Absent these weather related events, as well as FX headwinds, our results on both the top and bottom line would have been at record fourth quarter levels.  As far as the details regarding our financial performance for the fourth quarter, similar to previous earnings calls, I will discuss our revenue related and adjusted EBITDA growth metrics this quarter both on a recorded and like-for-like basis.  The like-for-like growth rates excludes the contribution from Egencia, Amex GBT and the non-lodging elements of our Chase relationship. As a reminder, on November 1, 2021, we completed the sale of Egencia and our EPS business entered into a 10 year lodging supply agreement with Amex GBT.  It is also important to note that our fourth quarter 2022 growth rates as compared to 2019 were negatively impacted by FX headwinds of approximately 250 basis points to gross bookings, 400 basis points to revenue, and 800 basis points to adjusted EBITDA or 70 basis points to our adjusted EBITDA margin. We believe these like-for-like numbers and the disclosure of the negative impact from FX headwinds are helpful in assessing the operational performance of our business.  Please note that we will discontinue disclosing these like-for-like numbers next quarter, the first quarter of 2023, as we move away from comparing our financial performance to 2019 levels and move towards standard year-over-year comparisons.  Now let's move back to our performance this quarter, starting with our gross booking trends. Total gross bookings were down 12% on a reported basis and down 2% on a like-for-like basis versus the fourth quarter of 2019. Total gross bookings were impacted by a spike in cancellations and lost transactions related to the hurricane and the winter storms in the US, as previously mentioned. If we further adjust for the approximately 250 basis points negative impact from FX during the quarter, our gross bookings would have been above 2019 levels.  Growth was driven by total lodging gross bookings, which were the highest Q4 on record at plus 4% on a reported basis and plus 6% on a like-for-like basis versus Q4 2019. By month, lodging gross bookings on a reported basis were up 3% in October which was impacted by the hurricane, up 7% in November and up 2% In December, which was impacted by the winter storms in the US.  Excluding the weather-related events, growth versus 2019 for each month in Q4 reached high-single digits that accelerated through the quarter. And in January, we saw a step change where our lodging gross bookings accelerated even further, growing over 20% versus 2019.  While it is still early in the quarter and 2023, we are pleased to see strong lodging demand continue, including total lodging bookings for stays expected to occur in the first half of 2023, continuing to meaningfully outpace 2019 and 2022 levels.  Moving to the key financial metrics in the P&L, starting with total revenue. Revenue of $2.6 billion was down 5% on a reported basis and down 1% on a like-for-like basis versus Q4 2019, and includes the 400 basis point negative impact from FX, as well as the financial impact from the weather related events. Excluding these factors, our reported revenue would have been above 2019 levels.  Total revenue margin also improved to 13% for the quarter, or up approximately 90 basis points versus Q4 2019 as we continue to benefit from a mix shift towards our higher margin lodging business, which as a percentage of the total has grown approximately 1,000 basis points over the same period.  Cost of sales was $408 million for the quarter, which is a cost reduction of $125 million or 24% and 380 basis points of leverage as a percentage of revenue versus 2019, driven by our divestitures and ongoing efficiencies primarily across our customer support operations. Our customer support operations continue to benefit from the various automation initiatives we have implemented over the past couple of years. And we expect that, going forward, with the further consolidation of our tech stack onto a single platform, we should be able to continue to drive efficiencies across our cloud and licensing and maintenance costs as we eliminate systems that are no longer necessary to support.  Direct sales and marketing expense in the fourth quarter was $1.2 billion, which was up 20% versus 2019. The primary drivers of this increase over 2019 were associated with both our B2B and B2C businesses.  Our accelerating growth in our B2B business is driving an increase in commissions paid to our partners. And these commissions fall into our direct sales and marketing line.  In our B2C business, we had increased marketing spend to support our accelerating growth during the quarter. Unfortunately, given the storm related cancellations and lost transactions and their impact to the top line at the end of the quarter, we did not fully realize the anticipated return of our marketing spend.  In addition, we also have been strategically mixing towards longer term investments in our marketing spend, which, given the longer term return profile of the spend, is less closely correlated to demand within any given quarter. As a result of these two factors, we saw this marketing spend deleverage versus Q4 2019. However, on the full year, we saw leverage in our total B2C spend versus 2019, inclusive of loyalty and discounting, that are contra revenue. And we expect to maintain this leverage for improvement going forward.  Overhead expenses were $590 million, a cost reduction of $157 million in the fourth quarter of 2022 or 21% and 470 basis points of leverage as a percentage of revenue versus 2019. We continue to remain disciplined on our cost structure. And with the expected improvement from the consolidation of our tech stack and general growth initiatives, we believe we can continue to maintain this lower cost structure and drive long term leverage as we deliver accelerating top line growth.  Overhead expenses slightly increased from the third quarter, approximately $23 million, as we continue to invest in top talent across our product and technology teams to help accelerate our various platform initiatives in support of our growth strategies that will drive long term financial returns.  Adjusted EBITDA was $449 million or down 6% versus for fourth quarter 2019 and was down 2% on a like-for-like basis, which includes the negative impact from the weather related events and FX headwinds.  On a margin basis, we were relatively in line with 2019 despite absorbing these negative impacts. And absent these factors, our fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA grew in the mid-teens as compared to 2019.  Free cash flow for the full year was strong at positive $2.8 billion, up approximately $1.2 billion, over 70% versus 2019. The strength was driven by our record EBITDA levels on the year and an improved benefit from working capital as well as lower overall capital expenditures, as our spend is now primarily focused on our technology and product transformation.  On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with strong liquidity of $6.6 billion, driven by our unrestricted cash balance of $4.1 billion and our undrawn revolving line of credit of $2.5 billion, which provides us with ample access to cash to operate the business. This liquidity, combined with our strong free cash flow levels, enabled us to maximize our return of capital to shareholders during the quarter by further accelerating our share buybacks to approximately $350 million or 3.7 million shares in the fourth quarter. This resulted in approximately $500 million and 5.2 million shares being repurchased since the end of September 2022. Even after these buybacks, we enter 2023 with ample levels of shares remaining under our existing authorization for future repurchases at approximately 18 million shares.  And given our ongoing strong liquidity, our confidence in the business, and the fact that our stock remains undervalued and does not reflect our accelerating business performance, we plan to continue to buy back our stock opportunistically in 2023.  In closing, I couldn't be more excited about what lies ahead in 2023 and beyond. With accelerating demand trends and the proof points that our growth initiatives are working, combined with our strong financial position as we enter 2023 with ample liquidity and a higher margin profile business, all of this gives us the confidence in our ability to deliver double digit growth and expanding margins, as well as long term shareholder returns.  And with that, I would now like to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today comes from Eric Sheridan with Goldman Sachs.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe two, if I could. In terms of thinking about moving all of your brands and all of your geographies on to the technology stack as we go through 2023, are there some elements of either costs that still have to be absorbed by the business model that we should be keeping in mind in 2023? And once that transition is over, how should we be thinking about possible lift from a business momentum standpoint on the other side of that transition?  And maybe one quick follow-up on B2B. I know, obviously, we're not going to guide to the full year, but can you talk a little bit to some of the variables you're seeing in the B2B business that are building momentum or things that we should be keeping front of mind as we think about what growth and volume you might build in the B2B business through 2023? 
Peter Kern: I'll start at the top. In terms of moving the businesses on to a single technology stack and front end stack, I think hotels.com is an instructive example, in the sense that last year we talked about this a few times. As we're moving hcom across, we obviously did less to improve Hcom as a standalone entity, because all the engineers were working on moving it. So, you lose a little momentum as you're moving something. And then there is typically an uplift period where you've got to optimize the new stack and the new product on the new stack to get back to where you were, and then get all the benefits beyond that. So there is typically, if you will, a lull that takes place as you move things and some friction that you have to absorb in the numbers. So we did that with Hcom, as I mentioned. We're now getting the benefit of much faster testing between all the OTA brands.  Vrbo is the next one to move. It will suffer a little bit of the same things. But we think we can absorb that, as Julie said, and still show the growth we are planning for this year. And that unlocks, then, of course, being able to do One Key and other things. So there's a lot of unlocks on the other side, but you do have to sort of weather a little friction to get across and we've weathered it in the last year's numbers. We have a little left to weather this year. Again, we think will drive very good growth despite that. And, of course, when it's behind us grow even faster. So, that's what we're really looking at.  And then, on the other side of it, you get the benefit of testing faster, improving the products faster across everybody. You get the benefit of One Key. And you also get the benefit of being able to then deprecate older stacks that have costs associated with them, engineers associated with them, etc. You can put all your resources on the most valuable thing. So, that's the big thing we've got left to do. Those are the two big hitters we're launching this year, but there's lots of other work going on under the covers constantly, both in optimization and in cleaning up and consolidating other back end things in the stack.  And then, on the B2B front, there's a lot that's gone into what's growing, as I mentioned. We think Asia opening up will be good for us. We've had some big relationships there, including China where we haven't gotten much output during COVID. That will help. But really, we've been growing across many vectors. We've talked in the past about our optimized distribution product that we used to help hoteliers with their wholesale businesses. That's been growing very well. We've invested in our travel agent product, which has driven a lot of growth. And we've expanded, as I said, the breadth of our partnerships, the number of our partnerships. We continue to power a lot of the biggest supply partners, like airlines and others. So we continue to grow kind of in every dimension, sort of more partners, more depth with each partner, and new products coming all the time. So that continues to be an exciting area for us. And as we innovate faster with technology, with AI and other capabilities, those underlying capabilities become more and more valuable to our partners.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lee Horowitz with Deutsche Bank.
Lee Horowitz: Just thinking about the investment plans for 2023 and how that impacts margins. So on the one hand, you obviously have investments in One Key, driving some incremental marketing investments. What are the areas that you see potentially offset some of those incremental investments from perhaps fixed cost growth, maybe underlying marketing efficiency via bringing that function under a unified stack? Or perhaps other areas of cost efficiency that you see across the P&L?
Peter Kern: We will be investing somewhat more in the loyalty program, but we expect, as we've talked about many times, we think about our investment in acquiring and retaining customers as everything from loyalty to discounting to direct marketing spend and performance brand, et cetera. And we expect to balance those things. So we don't expect the all up cost of that, if you will, to be expanding over the course of the year. It might shift between buckets. And we believe we can underwrite that with the total spend we already have. So there may be some noise. And when we get there, we'll explain it to you in terms of how the loyalty program will roll out. But we expect to absorb that all in all those line items, just trading them off, one against another.
Lee Horowitz: One follow-up, if I could. Obviously, you're seeing really strong underlying demand for the industry with growth into January that looks really healthy. Obviously, this is maybe somewhat counterintuitive, given the state of the consumer savings rates and inflation. To what do you owe sort of this strong underlying demand for the overall travel industry, given the macro backdrop?
Peter Kern: I think you've heard [indiscernible] talk about it for a while, and maybe it was hopeful. But we continue to see that people are prioritizing travel over just about everything. If any of you have been traveling, I'm sure you've seen it. Rates are still very high. Demand is high. Planes are full. So I think maybe it's still the effect of COVID and people realizing there's more valuable things to do with their lives. And it's not just like revenge travel, but it's beyond that. Like, I want to keep traveling, I want to keep enriching my life. But I think we're seeing high demand. We obviously think we're doing a good job of capturing that demand, relatively speaking, but the markets are strong. We still haven't seen really Asia come back fully.  I'm sure we'll see pockets. We're all worried about it. But so far, demand continues to be quite robust. And we're really pleased with how 2023 is starting. So, with any luck, there'll be soft landings all over the world. And Asia will come back and the industry will remain robust through this year.
Operator: The next question comes from Kevin Kopelman with Cowen.
Kevin Kopelman: I had a follow-up on that. Could you help us think about or help us better understand the growth that you're seeing year-to-date? Should we think of that as kind of getting back to that high-single digit number? Or have you been able to surpass that?
Peter Kern: I think as Julie pointed out, January was north of 20% up in lodging, GBV, gross bookings. So we're definitely running ahead of high single digits so far. We'll have to see how the rest of the year plays out, rest of the quarter, rest of the year plays out. But it's really been driven by pretty much all quadrants. It's our brands. It's our B2B business. It's geographically dispersed. APAC is coming back a little stronger, but that's a relatively small base for us. So, it's been pretty broad. And right now, it's definitely running well ahead of where we were in the fourth quarter.
Julie Whalen: Yeah. And I think just to remember, even when you go back to the third quarter, we also had high single digits. So really the fact that we're holding that ex all the storms and the noise that we've been talking to you guys about, and it's been accelerated in the fourth quarter, and we're seeing a step change as we enter into 2023, as well as with our Bex US business, we think that's a really good sign that we've got some strength ahead for this year.
Peter Kern: And I'd add, Kevin. I talked a little bit on the first question about friction. We spent a lot of last year doing some heavy lifting on things like hotels.com, having reduced testing, etc. We really spooled that up in the fourth quarter, and it's accelerating further now. So just the ability to be back and really innovating on the product in the day to day and the product is really valuable and it's increment by increment. It's small pieces. But when you add them up, it really can drive a lot. So conversions improving, lots of things are improving. So I think we're just starting to multiply those effects of all the work we've done along with the marketing and everything else. And hopefully, also, we're working in a good demand environment, which helps. But I think those things are just more tailwinds than headwinds again, and that's just helping to drive us a little faster.
Kevin Kopelman: Just one quick follow-up on that. Can you touch on ADR trends? The kind of slower number in Q4, was that just related to the weather incident?
Julie Whalen: Yeah. That was I think called out in our remarks. But that was pretty much solely due to the weather-related incidents. ADRs have been holding pretty strong, but still elevated. I don't think we've heard anyone else speak of any issues with ADRs. We've seen a little bit of movement in Vrbo. But again, it's coming of off really high levels, and it's not that significant. Slight movement. But ADRs are really holding strong for us across the board. 
Operator: The next question comes from Lloyd Walmsley with UBS. 
Lloyd Walmsley: Two, if I can. First just on the  I think on the marketing, the all-in the marketing side, loyalty, discounting and marketing and the plan for that to kind of be balanced through the year, is there a point where you get to the other side of kind of some of this longer dated spend and feel like you're going to see leverage as this bears fruit? And then sort of related to that, it sounds like the stats around loyalty and app users show a compelling uplift. How convinced are you guys that those boosts are incremental and kind of causal rather than just coincident with your heaviest users just gravitate towards those things? Anything you can share there would be great.
Julie Whalen: So on the marketing side, from a leverage perspective, we actually are leveraging with our all-up spend with, obviously, loyalty and discounting which are contra revenues.  When you look at totality on the year, we are leveraging and we expect to hold that, if not improve it, next year. I think we're just wanting to make sure we make the point that on any particular quarter, you can see movement, right? Because we're shifting our spend and have started to do that now for a couple of quarters where we're putting more of our spends into long term investments. And so, you could make that investment today and get the benefit two or three quarters out. And so, it's not about any one particular 90 days that we should be judging per se, the total bucket of our spends. So, we're really focused on leveraging it in total on the year across the entire spend profile.  So, I think that's how you should think about it. I think it's great that we've seen it leverage. We're shooting for that again here. And I think when you look at things like the types of customers, the high lifetime value customers that we are getting and are getting significantly more in brand Expedia US business and we're seeing that translate into really strong revenue, it's a pretty exciting time to see this all come to fruition.
Peter Kern: I would just add on your question of causal or not. What we've seen, Lloyd, is that we've been able to greatly expand the numbers at a pretty rapid pace and bring more and more people into the loyalty plans and into app usage. And our historical  those trends I gave about 2x and 2.5x with even higher multiple for app loyalty members, those have held even as we've expanded the pool. So, it's not just the devotee who's becoming a loyalty member. It's really everybody that we can get into loyalty, that we can get into app usage starts to see all the member benefits, starts to get the pricing benefits and points and other things. And that's consistently sticky at bringing them back. And as Julie says, over time, we'll create more leverage in the model because once we have this bigger and bigger base of loyal customers, then the marketing beyond that, beyond loyalty, et cetera, becomes, again, trying to buy the right customers in given places and add them to the pool. And that we think we can do more effectively once we have a bigger base and more efficiently.
Operator: The next question comes from Anthony Post with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Anthony Post: Maybe one big picture question about the shape of the year. Your marketing spend is over 50% of revenues. I know you're working on a lot of projects to build a better customer base. Can you help us think about how you think about that long term? And when you said leverage this year, does that mean on that line? Are you thinking about as a percentage of bookings for 2023?  Secondly, just a comp question. I know there's some tough virus comps  easy virus comes right now. Ton of bookings float in kind of in the spring. How are you thinking about the shape of the year, for our models? 
Peter Kern: I'll let Julie deal with the second one. But to your first one, I think the way to think about is you've got to break it up a little bit. First of all, we've got expanding B2B business, where commissions are part of our marketing spend. So as that business grows and has been growing currently faster than our B2C business, you've got some movement into that mix, where the commissions are higher than this 50% level. So, it's pulling the number higher.  At the same time, we're trying to use marketing to build this base of customers, leverage the model. And as the base of direct gets bigger, right, you're driving more business from direct and you start to get leverage in what you're spending to add new people to the funnel because the new people become a somewhat smaller piece of the overall pie of business. And so, that is where I think you will start to see us gain leverage, is as the big base of loyalty and app members grows and grows and grows, and we're very focused on retaining them, lowering churn, all the pieces that go into that. That is how we get a bigger direct business that we're driving on top of adding new people to the funnel. But that spend is now on top of just a bigger and bigger base of customers that keep coming back. So that's where we believe long term we get that leverage from. And the better we get at it, who knows how we will balance growth and profitability, but that is the base on which we build.  Can you repeat the second question? I'm sorry, Anthony.
Anthony Post: We have easy comps now with virus first couple of months. And then you saw a big flood of bookings into the industry in April and May. Just want to make sure people are thinking about the models right and how you how you think about that.
Julie Whalen: So for top line comps is what your suggesting?
Peter Kern: Comps to last year. 
Justin Post: And bookings, yeah.
Julie Whalen: Obviously, [Technical Difficulty] that we believe on the year that we can drive double-digit comps year-over-year. We're obviously not speaking how it plays out by quarter. But I think what's super exciting is how we started 2023 at these levels with greater than 20 on our [Technical Difficulty] gross bookings and really coming out of the year strong. That gives us a lot of confidence. That plus Bex US and how it's performing under the covers gives us a lot of confidence for the momentum as we move throughout the year. But I wouldn't get ahead of us right now, still early in the year, early in the quarter, but we are committing to the double-digit growth on the year.
Operator: Next question comes from Bryan Fitzgerald with Wells Fargo.
Brian Fitzgerald: A couple of questions, guys. Could you give us an update on China outbound, your partnerships there and how those work in relation to other players in the market and any early thoughts on how you would pursue that opportunity as they reopen?  The second one was just really quickly on the test velocity that it can grow 4x, Vrbo cuts over in the first couple of quarters, if I got that right. If you had to put a bow around the amount of testing across all your properties, are we in the ninth inning in terms of  or eighth inning in terms of [indiscernible] and then we're homing in on that 4X test velocity.
Peter Kern: China first. Our biggest relationship there is outbound with trip.com in China, and then we have some smaller relationships and some offline travel relationships. It's early days, there's tons of interest. I'm sure you'll hear this from other players, but there's a lot of shopping going on. But it's still fairly challenging for outbound travel between the political issues, between airlift which is challenging, and there's still a lot of unique rules now getting in and out of China that the airlines are dealing with, making it hard to fly direct and so forth. And then, of course, you've got the issues of Russian airspace, with great issues with European airlift to China. So it's going to take a little while to work itself out. But interest is very high. We are seeing uplift, but we expect a big uplift to be still a little ways out. But it's very exciting, obviously, and hopefully, some of the things that are going on will quiet down, and we'll continue to see more robust cooperation between various governments to make it more possible. Certainly, the US travel industry is doing a lot to lobby to get rid of various restrictions.  The second piece, we are already planned at 4x velocity. So that has a lot to do with bringing sort of the core classic OTA brands together. So Hotels, Expedia, and then some of the smaller brands that ride the same rails already.  Vrbo is the next thing to come across. And it will benefit from a lot of similar testing. But it will also be a somewhat unique product in its own right. So, the 4x has nothing to do with Vrbo coming across or not. It's really around core OTA. When Vrbo comes across, it will get the knock on effect of some of these winners and some of these benefits that can go across everything, whether it's in checkout or payments or other things. But on the front end, the Vrbo front end will still be a little different, and it will get some of those benefits, but the 4x is already baked, going to happen. And I think in terms of what we're capable of as a company, I would say that's less than halfway home because as we get more and more of the whole back end of the stack aligned, as we get our test environment all aligned, we have lots of opportunity to go faster. And a lot of our tests are now really more than what used to be a single test because they're AI driven with multi variables. And so, one test might be the equivalent of 10 tests. So it's really starting to amp up considerably.  And there's a lot of opportunity that we haven't gotten to during all our big transitions because we're just so focused on shifting things and moving them into one platform. And we're finally getting back to the bread and butter of doing that. And there's a lot of upside there.
Operator: The next question comes from John Colantuoni with Jefferies. 
John Colantuoni: I wanted to start with the comment you made about the Expedia brand performing well, and that some of your smaller brands and geographies have been sort of dragging down the overall business because of sort of intentional decisions to deemphasize them. So, I'm just curious if there's going to be an inflection point when those smaller brands and geographies become less material, so that the overall growth improves as it starts to mirror the Expedia and Vrbo brands?  The second question is there's been a big uptick in conversations about AI. And I'm curious if you could unpack where you see the biggest opportunities to leverage AI capabilities across the business and how that could alter your trajectory in the travel ecosystem. Customer service is obviously one that immediately comes to mind, but curious to get your perspective on that as well.
Peter Kern: I think we could probably talk about your second question for a couple hours. But I'll take your first one first, which is, yes, we precisely believe that with brand Expedia  again, we talked about Expedia in the US. Expedia is obviously in a lot of countries. And the issue has been not everything we've developed was immediately available in all languages and all geographies. Likewise, not on all brands. So as we start to be able now with hotels.com on the same stack, with each benefiting from the same goodness that comes from tests and other things, we're going to be able to roll out that playbook to more and more places.  Now, there's still some work to do. Hcom's loyalty programs still different than Expedia. Once we have One Key, that will simplify that whole ecosystem as well. But we believe that those big brands, inclusive of Expedia, hotels.com, now on the same stack, and Vrbo and our B2B business, they will inflect past the slower growth of some of the smaller things.  But to be clear, we want to move back into geographies, we want to play this playbook out in more places, this is not about, like, keeping the good and slowing down the bad. And then there's no bad, but slowing down the slower growing. This is about keeping the focus on the winning strategy and deploying it in as many places in as rigorous and controlled way as we can. And you're winning in more places and driving the business that way. So, it's a bit of, you're right, the big, good stuff overtaking the slower growth stuff. It's also about deploying the strategy to some of the slower growth items where we think we can still drive, whether it's a geography or a certain brand in a certain market where we believe we can play this playbook out and have the same success. So it's a combination of those things.  As far as AI goes, the big conversation, we already use a fair amount of AI and machine learning in all kinds of products. There's opportunities, for sure, in some of the newer things we're all talking about, like voice et cetera. In customer service, we're already experimenting with that there. In creating content and answering queries for customers. But we're using machine learning across the board in terms of personalization, in terms of how we sort for you, what we serve up to you. We'll use it in direct consumer communications over time, et cetera. So, we're using that. And as I mentioned, we're using it in testing as well as we develop more sophisticated algorithms to test multivariable tests. Do multivariable tests, that expedites all our testing. So we're using it.  I'd say probably its biggest, highest value is ultimately in personalization. But you can think about that really broadly in terms of how you get service, taking care of how you search even for properties, natural voice search, which we already have a voice search capability, but that will get better with the benefit of the new AI capability. So all of those things become big opportunities to advance it. And I think we are by far at the forefront in our category in terms of how to use it and how we can use it to best improve the customer experience.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Champion with Piper Sandler.
Tom Champion: Maybe two quick ones for Julie. Julie, can you just quickly restate and clarify the guidance and expectations for the year? I think it was double digit growth. Is that in bookings? Is that versus 2019 or year-over-year? Can you just restate that for us? And I was also curious, your comments around headcount. It seems like a little bit of a different comment than we've been hearing this earnings season. How are you thinking about headcount through the year?
Julie Whalen: From a guidance perspective, we said double-digit growth. That's on both top and bottom line, and it's relevant to  year-over-year. So, as I mentioned at the beginning that we're going to be switching next year to no longer be, per se, to tracking against a four year old metric. We're going to move to year-over-year. And so, that guidance is relevant to that.  Regarding headcount, yes, that is different than probably what you've heard in other places. I think what's important to remember is that the team here did an incredible job, taking out $1 billion worth of cost over the last couple of years. And so, we're coming at this from a different spot than many other tech companies and so forth. And so, we've taken out a lot of that cost already. And heads, I think we're down  at some point, down 30% or so. And so, again, coming from a different spot.  We're really being thoughtful about what we invest back into, for obvious reasons. We're watching the economy just like everybody else. Obviously, we're seeing incredibly strong business, but we're being thoughtful about who we invest back into. And really, our investments are primarily in product and tech to support our growth initiatives and to get us over this line. Peter has been talking about getting this tech stack completed. And so, we feel like we're in a great spot to be able to do that with limited levels of headcount growth and maintaining our strong financial discipline, keeping our cost structure below our sales growth. 
Operator: The next question comes from Doug Anmuth with JPMorgan Chase. 
Dae Lee: This is Dae Lee on for Doug. I have two. So, revisiting the demand comments, is this something that you're seeing across deals and accommodation types? Or are there any particular deals or maybe property types that might be driving some of that strength that you're seeing?  With obviously your January comment, what's changed from 4Q to January that might be driving strong lodging growth in January and how sustainable do you think those vectors are going forward?
Peter Kern: I think, to your first question, we're not seeing anything  I'm sure we could dissect every variable and find some difference, but there's not anything, when you look at it broadly, that says luxury is doing well, but the bottom is doing poorly or vice versa. We are generally a little more biased towards the middle and upper end of the market. And we are seeing fairly consistent strength.  As I mentioned, APAC, measured against itself, is coming back faster, but it had a longer way to come back. Obviously, the West has been back for a while. But it's also seeing nice growth. So APAC for us is not big enough to drive our overall number. So it really is kind of everything. And by and large, it's every class of product and class of  every type within a class of product. So there's nothing we've really seen that's driving like, wow, luxury is off the board and everything else is making up for other things. So we haven't seen much movement between products or trade downs or any of that. It's been pretty consistent.  January, as I mentioned, we believe it's a combination of a lot of work we've put in in terms of improving the product, getting through some of the hardest transitions, getting back to testing, getting our marketing machine refined, and that's constantly improving. And we've been talking for a long time  Julie mentioned that we've been investing for a while in some of these long term vectors. And as we've all talked about, we gave up some short term business to focus on app downloads, to focus on getting the right kinds of customers. And we knew it would take some time for this to start to multiply on itself and get the benefit because people don't always book travel 20 times a year.  So I think this is the benefit of time of catching up and stacking up the base of members, this base of app users, improving the product. As we've gone, we've launched a bunch of great features around flight tracking and comparison shopping and smart shopping and collaborative shopping and a bunch of new products, all of which have been very engaging in their own right. We're rolling those out to more places all the time. We just recently rolled out flight tracking to the rest of the world outside the US. So we're seeing great benefits in those things. And I think they're just starting to stack up now. There's no magic to January 1. So I can't tell you exactly why January.  But post all the disruptions of the storms, we've seen really strong, robust demand and rebound. And I think it's a combination of a ton of hard work across our entire company.
Operator: Our final question today comes from Deepak Mathivanan with Wolfe Research.
Deepak Mathivanan: Maybe a couple of ones for Julie. So, first, the guidance on margin expansion was helpful, but curious if you can put any more specificity to it. Understand that, obviously, macro creates a lot of uncertainties. But is there a level that we can expect should macro trends kind of remain consistent with what you've seen in January and maybe recovery holds up through the year?  Also another financial question, maybe on buybacks. What is the philosophy in terms of maintaining the velocity of buybacks? Is 4Q kind of a good proxy for us to think about, given the business is very cash flow generative and you have plenty of capacity?
Julie Whalen: On margin expansion, I think, first of all, it's important to remember that we're ending this year with record EBITDA levels and margins that are expanding 200 basis points, and we're committed to expanding on top of that. So, we're really proud of where our margins are.  Certainly, we would love to give a target, but I think at that point  I think I even said this last time that when you give the target, then they want the higher target. So, we're really pushing towards driving efficient growth and driving profitable growth. And we think as we're starting to demonstrate when we're getting these lifetime value customers that we can get more efficient, as we have started to do on the year with our marketing spend, and we're deriving the top line to levels that we're seeing has accelerated through the Q4 and coming in even stronger in 2023, all of that should be bode well for us to be able to drive profitability and EBITDA. And so, that's about where we're going to commit to at this point, is margin expansion. But over time, we can update you on as we move through.  From a buyback perspective, as I said earlier, we're really committed to buying back our stock. We believe it's the best use of capital to maximize shareholder returns at this time. Certainly, with that momentum we're seeing in the business, our stock is still undervalued, we believe, and so therefore, we believe buying back our own stock is the best return. So we're going to continue with that. We're going to buy back opportunistically. Obviously, as you mentioned, and as we said earlier, we did buy it back on an accelerated basis, $350 million approximately in the fourth quarter. And that was on top of another $150 million that we had started sort of the end of September. And so, we're going to be continuing with these elevated levels and buying back opportunistically as we go throughout 2023.
Peter Kern: I think that was it. So thank you all for joining us. Appreciate your time and look forward to our next update. Take care. Thank you, operator.
Operator: That concludes today's call. You may now disconnect your lines. Have a nice day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-03 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Expedia Group Q3 2022 Financial Results Teleconference. My name is Nadia, and Ill be your operator for todays call. [Operator Instructions] For opening remarks, I will turn the call over to SVP, Corporate Development, Strategy and Investor Relations, Harshit Vaish. Please go ahead.
Harshit Vaish: Good afternoon, and welcome to Expedia Groups earnings call for the third quarter of 2022 that ended September 30. Im pleased to be joined on the call today by our CEO, Peter Kern; and our CFO, Julie Whalen. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects managements view as of today, November 3, 2022 only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on todays call are forward-looking, typically preceded by words such as we plan, we expect, we believe, we anticipate, we are optimistic or confident that or similar statements. Please refer to todays earnings release and the companys filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You will find reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the companys Investor Relations website at ir.expediagroup.com. And I encourage you to consistently visit our IR website for other important information. Unless otherwise stated, any reference to expenses excludes stock-based compensation. And with that, let me turn the call over to Peter.
Peter Kern: Thank you, Harshit. Good afternoon everyone, and thanks for joining us today. Before we get started with the update on the quarter, Id like to formally welcome our new CFO, Julie Whalen to her first earnings call. Im excited to add Julie to our leadership team during 10 years as CFO at Williams-Sonoma, she helped drive significant growth in the business and in shareholder returns. Ive also worked alongside Julie on our board since 2019 and she has chaired our audit committee since 2020. So she comes with a great sense of our strategic priorities and what were trying to achieve. I look forward to the expertise she can bring to our finance org and across our entire company. Now moving into the quarter. We were very pleased with our record breaking performance in the third quarter. We delivered our highest ever quarterly revenue and adjusted EBITDA, the ladder exceeding $1 billion for the first time in our history. We also delivered record third quarter lodging gross bookings. Despite some macroeconomic uncertainty and some short-term impact from Hurricane Ian, travel demand does remain strong and ADRs remain substantially elevated relative to pre-pandemic levels. This quarter, we also further delevered our balance sheet, which put us in a position to resume buying back our stock, which we continue to believe is highly undervalued. Going forward, we expect to continue to reduce leverage and return capital to our shareholders. Now moving to the B2C side of our business. As weve discussed before, our goal is to use great product innovation and unmatched membership benefits to drive more engagement with our customers and ultimately higher lifetime value from those customers. And the two biggest drivers of lifetime value are improving loyalty, membership and app usage. Im proud to announce that in Q3 we reached an all-time high and active loyalty members surpassing 2019 levels in August. New Expedia customers that became loyalty members in the quarter group by nearly 50% versus third quarter 2019. And the rollout of our unified loyalty program, one key is on track for next year, which will be a big catalyst for continued membership growth. Our app downloads continue to be strong as well. But even more important than downloads app usages at an all-time high with quarterly active app users increasing nearly 40% versus 2019. And in the quarter we continue to see almost two-thirds of all gross bookings result from direct traffic. We are also continuing to see leverage versus 2019 when we compare our all up marketing spend against booked gross profit. And as a reminder, this spend includes direct marketing, but also discounting and loyalty spend, which are recorded as contra-revenues. In terms of our marketing mix, we have been shifting towards longer term channels including app downloads and other methods to capture traveler intent outside of classic performance channels. These longer term marketing investments, including loyalty and brand, are helping us build a larger base of long-term high value customers. But as important as marketing is, we are ultimately marketing a product and the product has to be great. So most of our energy is going into product innovation to build the best customer experience we can with the most customer benefits to drive loyalty and consumer love. Among our recent successes, we have introduced exciting new products features including price tracking, trip boards, and smart shopping, all of which are designed to engage customers, to inform customers and to ensure theyre finding the right product at the right time, at the right price. So just to remind you, our flight  excuse me, our flight price tracking feature, which we launched earlier this year, has been a great engagement tool. Since launch, we have seen exceptionally high notification open rates, which demonstrate the value that our customers see in this tool. This features currently live on our app in the U.S. and is on track for global rollout in the first quarter of 2023. In Q3, we launch Trip Boards on brand Expedia where users can save their favorite lodging and activities and share and collaborate on trip details. This feature not only increased conversion, but has helped us expand our base of customers through sharing with family and friends. In the first two months, since its broader launch, we saw trip board users have twice the repeat visit rate, they were twice as likely to purchase multiple products, and most importantly, they transacted at four times the conversion rate versus non-users. And as for smart shopping, which is a tool that really helps travelers comparing and choosing between available rooms for a given property. We began leveraging machine learning recommendations to better match our customers with the right product and options. This has led to better consumer outcomes, more premium product sales for our partners, and ultimately higher value transactions for us. In addition to these new features during Q3, we finished the migration of the Hotels.com front end onto the Expedia platform, which allowed us to accelerate our optimization programs across our entire conventional lodging portfolio. While we are just getting started, the ability to test and deploy faster across one platform is already driving higher customer conversion, better customer experience, and improved signups to our loyalty program. So overall, weve seen a great reception from customers on these new features and benefits. And for us it has led to increased engagement, better conversion, and higher revenue per customer. Im really excited about the success we have seen so far and we have a bunch of new features in the pipeline and a terrific opportunity to roll out all of these features worldwide. Moving on to the B2B front. We remain bullish on this massive opportunity and excited about our expanding role in the travel ecosystem. Everything we are doing on the main technology stack for our B2C products will have benefits that inure to the B2B business, as well as a ton of work we are doing specific to the B2B business that will lead to new products, new partners, and new revenue streams. In the third quarter B2B continue to demonstrate success with growth across our key product lines as we want wallet share with many of our existing partners driven by our expanded capabilities and improved product offerings. As excited as we are about the momentum in our existing business, we continue to build, pilot, and deploy new products and services for our open world platform. This quarter we signed the first pilot partner for our best-in-class fraud prevention product, and next year we plan to continue to deliver more new commercial products and services. Im really excited about whats on our roadmap for B2B and the reception weve been getting from the industry. So to sum it all up, we delivered another record quarter of results, rolled out more products, features and member benefits, and continue to add significantly to our member base and our app usage. All of which, will be great for our future performance and builds the base that we are looking for to grow in the future. So all in all, were feeling really good about our progress, not least of all because of the phenomenal team of people weve assembled to drive all of our acceleration. And with that, I will pass it off to one of our newest, Julie.
Julie Whalen: Thanks, Peter and hello everyone. Im excited to be here and to be a part of the team. As you may or may not know, Ive been on the board here since 2019. So, Ive had the opportunity to develop a great deal of respect and admiration for the leadership team and the growth strategy that the company is executing against. And I know there is significant opportunity for growth and profitability ahead of us. And I look forward to helping the company to deliver against these growth initiatives and to maximize shareholder returns. As it relates specifically to the third quarter, we are pleased to see the continued momentum in our business. Resulting in revenue and profitability to levels we havent seen before, which clearly speaks to the early success we are seeing with our initiatives to drive long-term profitable growth. As far as the details regarding our financial performance for the quarter, similar to previous earnings calls, I will discuss our revenue related and adjusted EBITDA growth metrics, both on a reported and like-for-like basis. The like-for-like growth rates excludes contribution from a Egencia, Amex GBT and the non-lodging elements of our Chase relationship. And as a reminder, on November 1, 2021, we completed the sale of a Egencia and our EPS business entered into a 10-year lodging supply agreement with Amex GBT. We believe these like-for-like numbers are helpful in assessing the performance of our business. It is also important to note that our third quarter growth rates as compared to 2019 were negatively impacted by FX headwinds of approximately 200 basis points to gross bookings and revenue and 300 basis points to adjusted EBITDA. Moving on to the gross booking trends in the quarter. Total gross bookings were down 11% on a reported basis and down 2% on a like-for-like basis versus the third quarter of 2019. Total gross bookings for the quarter were impacted primarily by the industry-wide slowdown we saw in early July. However, since early July, we saw trends meaningfully improved, primarily driven by lodging bookings growth, our largest line of business with continued ADR strength. Total lodging gross bookings, which were the highest Q3 on record grew 5% on a reported basis and grew 7% on a like-for-like basis versus Q3 2019. The cadence throughout the quarter was consistent with the trends in total gross bookings. Lodging gross bookings on a reported basis was down 1% in July and the rest of the quarter rebound its up 9% in August and up 6% in September, which was impacted by Hurricane Ian. October was also impacted by the hurricane, but was still up approximately 5%. If not for the hurricane, both September and October wouldve been relatively in line with August. Overall, we are pleased to see strong demand extended to the fourth quarter as consumers continue to prioritize travel spend over other discretionary spending. And while it is still early in the quarter, we are seeing total lodging bookings for stays expected to occur in the balance of the year and into 2023 continuing to outage 2019 levels. Moving to the key financial metrics in the P&L, starting with total revenue. Revenue of $3.6 billion was up 2% on a reported basis and up 5% on a like-for-like basis versus Q3 2019. It was great to see another quarter positive and sequentially improving revenue growth. Our revenue margin also improved to 15% for the quarter or up approximately 190 basis points versus Q3 2019. This revenue strength resulted from a mixed shift towards our lodging business, including our higher ADR Vrbo business. Cost of sales in the third quarter was $451 million, which was down 17% versus 2019, driven by cost reductions, primarily resulting from our investiture of Egencia and from ongoing efficiency across our customer support operations resulting from the automation initiatives we have been implementing over the past couple of years. Direct sales and marketing expense in the third quarter was $1.5 billion, which was up 8% versus 2019, which includes spend with a longer term return profile to drive more profitable future growth. As a reminder, we are focused on acquiring high lifetime value customers. As a result, we are allocating more marketing dollars on channels that have a longer term return profile, such as brand awareness, loyalty and paid app installs, which as Peter mentioned, are already beginning to drive growth in loyalty members and app usage. Our sales and marketing expense is also impacted by an increase in commissions paid to our partners, which is a direct reflection of the accelerating growth we continue to see in our core B2B business. Overhead expenses were $569 million, down $144 million or 20% versus the third quarter 2019. We continue to remain disciplined on our cost structure and are always looking for ways to drive more efficiency. Overhead expenses slightly increased from the second quarter, approximately $19 million or 3%, primarily associated with our ongoing focus on investing in top talent across our product and technology teams to help accelerate our various platform initiatives, which we believe will ultimately drive future top-line growth and margin expansion. These results with another quarter of strong revenue and expense discipline allowed us to deliver our highest quarter profitability on record. Adjusted EBITDA grew 18% versus third quarter 2019 and grew 20% on a like-for-like basis to $1.1 billion. The adjusted EBITDA margin was nearly 30% in expansion of approximately 420 basis points over the third quarter in 2019 on a reported basis. Free cash flow, with negative $1.2 billion in the third quarter and over $200 million improvement over prior year due to higher EBITDA levels. As a reminder, the third quarter is a negative free cash flow quarter due to the seasonality of the business. Year-to-date, our free cash flow remains strong and a positive $3.1 billion more than double where we were year-to-date in 2019. On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with strong liquidity, a $7.1 billion from both our unrestricted cash and our undrawn revolving line of credit, which provides us with ample access to cash to operate the business. This quarter, we continue to focus on delevering our balance sheet, improving our leverage ratios, and solidifying our investment grade rating. As a result in September, we redeemed an additional $500 million of our senior notes as part of a tender offer resulting in a total repayment of debt and preferred equity of $3.4 billion over the last 18 months. These balance sheet actions, along with our significant growth in adjusted EBITDA has enabled us the additional flexibility to begin returning capital to shareholders again. As such, we were purchased approximately $200 million or 2 million shares through October and have approximately 21 million shares remaining under our existing authorization for future repurchases. As we move forward, given our strong liquidity, our confidence in the business, and the fact our stock continues to be highly undervalued, we expect to further delever the balance sheet and continue returning capital shareholders the form of share buybacks. In summary, our third quarter results demonstrate some of the early wins we are starting to see from the transformation of the business and the success of our strategic growth initiatives. These early wins give us confidence that theres a huge opportunity in front of us to drive long-term profitable growth and to maximize shareholder value. And I could be more thrilled to be a part of this company and this leadership team as we unlock this significant opportunity for growth together. And I look forward to getting to know all of you in the travel investment community soon. And with that, I would now like to open the call for questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today goes to Eric Sheridan of Goldman Sachs. Eric, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks so much for taking the question, maybe two, if I can. First, in terms of the broader end demand environment, I think there continues to be a lot of investor questions about levels of ADRs as you look out through the December quarter and into next year, or elements of how youre thinking about the booking windows more broadly. And any sense you can give us of the way youre thinking about what you see in the business today against elements of potentially more volatile macroeconomic environment as we moved into next year, thatd be number one. And appreciate all the color on the capital return. Are there any guardrails we should be keeping in mind around levels of gross debt or net debt that you want to sort of keep front of mind for investors in terms of what might balance prudence versus capital return over the over the next couple years? Thanks so much.
Peter Kern: Thanks, Eric. Ill take the first part first. I think this is consistent with a lot of what youve heard from the travel industry over the last couple weeks based on what weve seen. But there really havent been any material signs of fall off in demand for ADR for that matter in the world. There is a little bit of geographical mix change, APAC sort of coming back now with the opening of Japan and a few other markets. So theres a little balanced shift issues and there could be ADR change because of mix for certain players including us. But there has been no real let up in ADR and there has been no real let up in demand. We still see pacings for the rest of this year and next year, considerably above where we were in 2019. So, I think, theres a lot we all think about and watch the NBC or whatever, but so far theres really no evidence to suggest theres some bigger macroeconomic thing happening.
Julie Whalen: And as far as capital allocation, I would just say that first of all were, pleased that were in a much stronger position that weve been in the past. Weve seen improving profitability, obviously I mentioned that we, at record levels of EBITDA, this has enabled us to generate strong cash flow, strong free cash flow. Its enabled us to delever more in the balance sheet and resume our share buyback program, which weve stopped for a little bit. And so going forward, given the strength in our position certainly this enables us to continue to delever and buy back more stock, which we think is the right thing to do, certainly by, delevering on the balance sheet, it in four, fives our investment grade rating and gives us more flexibility to be able to return more to shareholders, which we think is the right thing to do. Certainly given the fact that we are very confident in the future growth of our business, that our stock is highly undervalued, that we have strong liquidity and we have 21 million shares remaining on our existing share purchase authorization to do buyback. So obviously with that in mind, we think its the right thing to do going forward.
Eric Sheridan: Great, thank you.
Peter Kern: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question Naved Khan of Truist. Naved, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Naved Khan: Yes, thanks a lot. Two questions, so first maybe just on the expense side of things, given the uncertain macro, how are you thinking about growing the fixed expense over the next 12 months or so? And then maybe just on the another sort of macro question. Are you seeing any kind of sort of consumer demand shift in terms of either trade downs or maybe consumer sort of looking to book maybe drive to versus fly to kind of destinations?
Peter Kern: Yes, thanks, Naved. So on the expense side; I would say, Julie mentioned weve been trying to hold the line pretty clearly. Obviously theres been inflation over the last few years, particularly in people. And weve certainly invested in people to build all the technology that we want, et cetera. But as Ive also mentioned before, we see plenty of opportunity ahead to become more efficient. So, we will keep a pretty tight hand on fixed expenses going into next year. And again, as technology delivers, we think theres lots of opportunity to continue to become more efficient. We think we can drive growth certainly without much more fixed investment and theres more opportunities for efficiency than there are for increased investment. So, we are pushing hard to get across the line on a number of technology fronts. We have, weve built up in some cases capacity, human capacity to do some of that work. But overall we think thats a general directional move towards greater efficiency. So, well hold the line, but we expect longer term, more efficiency coming out of the business. And then as far as the often asked question about consumer demand, the answer is no. We have not seen trade downs. We have not seen any major moves, shifts in demand patterns. Obviously putting hurricane aside, which this lodges people and things like that, its really been a very steady, very strong demand picture. As you know, weve been differently selective about the traffic and the consumers were looking to get and how were building them up into long-term valuable customers. But overall, the macro demand seems quite strong still. And as I said that the pacings for next year are strong, so a lot to still be filled in next year, but so far we havent seen any of it.
Naved Khan: Thank you, Peter.
Peter Kern: Yep.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question goes to Lee Horowitz of Deutsche Bank. Lee, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Lee Horowitz: Great, thanks. Maybe just one on sales and marketing. We continue to see that deleverage a little bit, say quarter-on-quarter and versus 2019 as a percentage of bookings, getting your investments in longer dated ROI initiatives. I guess my question here is, what sort of timeframe should we be thinking about it in order to see the ROI and these investments flow through the P&L and begin to see some of the sales of marketing leverage and some of the initiatives that youve taken across the sales and marketing organization to drive leverage longer term, play themselves through? Thanks so much.
Peter Kern: Yes, thanks, Lee. So, I think the answer to that is, we are already seeing benefit, but we are also investing more benefit back into long-term ROI. So, youre sort of not seeing the net benefit, if you will. But as we believe that as we build that base of customers, as I mentioned, our membership base is now high  our active membership base is now higher than its ever been and growing faster than it ever has. Our app usage, likewise and that all gives us the ability to build more direct traffic, which gives us the ability to invest in driving more direct traffic. Now, those lines will start to separate over time, and we will get, we believe the margin expansion and the incremental leverage. But right now were still  weve still been refilling the bucket to drive in essence use this base of high LTV customers to drive as much or more demand that we used to get just by buying traffic out of the marketplace and having them be non-members and anonymous customers. So its really a transition were going through and we think that separation will come, but we are continuing and well continue in the fourth quarter to invest in these longer dated return opportunities like apps, et cetera. So, we think well continue to see that. We think were already seeing it, but its hard to see from the outside. Youll see the separation overtime as we continue to build that base of members higher and higher and higher. And then as to your question on more broadly, how that affects us, I guess going forward, I think we will watch that, we will put the money back in, but we expect to see expanding leverage in this as we go forward. I would just add that we have the loyalty program, one key rolling out next year that would expand loyalty to many customers who werent in the program before. We think thats going to drive a lot of business, but it will again, drive a little bit of noise as you  as we try to help you figure out where the leverage is. So just fair warning like, its a great opportunity, but in terms of like this linear road, its going to be a little bumpy as we roll some of these things out and well help you understand those as we go.
Lee Horowitz: Understood. Helpful. Thank you.
Peter Kern: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question goes to Kevin Kopelman of Cowen. Kevin, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Kevin Kopelman: Yes. Thanks. Appreciate it. A couple of quick follow ups there. Could you give a little bit more color on how youre thinking about the, the one key launch and the type of investment that will be needed in that launch for next year? And also as youre thinking about app downloads and longer term or longer dated returns on those channels, how long is that when you are acquiring new customers through that channel? Is it six months? Is it a year? How are you thinking about that? Thanks.
Peter Kern: Yes, Ill maybe take those in reverse, Kevin. On the, when we think about LTV, its over a longer horizon. Its usually 18 months to 24 months. So were not, and, as you all know, travel for many peoples not a, five times a year kind of thing. It can be a twice a year, once a year kind of thing. So it does take a little longer, as Ive mentioned before, for some of these LTV investments to return. But thats how we think about that timeline is, were sort of normalizing it over more like an 18 month to 24 month period as opposed to six months or something like that. And thats really the tradeoffs youre making in many cases, is buying that very short term intent, perhaps unprofitably versus buying long-term intent and long-term LTV, but it takes longer to pay out. So thats the trade weve making with a portion of our investment. Its not everything, obviously, but we have directed money that used to be in that short-term intent bucket into these longer term buckets. So thats why it takes time. Its why we didnt pivot at all at once, because it takes time to build those customer bases that are those high LTV customer, customer bases that are then paying out at higher levels than the short term intent that we used to buy. So thats how we think about that. Its a balance and were constantly balancing it. As far as one key goes, we will launch next year. We will incorporate Vrbo customers among others into the plan. We will try to move customers who are in other brands, into the brands that have loyalty. So everything, we want everybody in the loyalty bucket. The value, as you know, weve had many different plans of many different values. We will normalize around one single value for everything for the currency. And we think, weve settled in a place that will be, very good for the customers. Theyre gaining flexibility, theyre gaining the opportunity to use the value on all our products, which is highly valuable and we know they want it. And yes, we will have more customers in that base, so we would expect that base to grow over time. But the short-term movements will be sort of the movement between putting Vrbo customers into the pace, changing the some of the platforms like the Hotels.com platform, the stamps platform into a points platform and so forth. And so therell be some short-term puts and takes, but over time its something we think will grow at a rational level. Its not going to spike to some crazy number. Its not going to shrink. But its going to, were going to retake that capital, deploy it better across our entire customer base, and then hopefully if its successful, which we believe it will be, it will continue to build on itself and more people will join and we think the economics of that are very attractive.
Kevin Kopelman: Great. Thanks Peter.
Peter Kern: Yep.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question, goes to Deepak Mathivanan of Wolfe Research. Deepak, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jack Matten: Hey guys, this is Jack on for Deepak. Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted talk about Vrbo real quick. Just providing any maybe high level trends here, I just seeing there, how it came out of the summer travel season and maybe expectations into the holiday season, and then sort of related there as well any trends in ADR as youre sitting for Vrbo? Thanks.
Peter Kern: Yes, thanks Jack. I think, our broad comments hold for Vrbo as well. We havent seen a lot of ADR pressure or anything thats really noticeable. ADRs have held up very strongly and holiday demand has, is strong and facing well. We did see disruption. We are  we have a pretty good base of business in South Florida, and hurricane did some damage, which [indiscernible] with our, September and October report results. But and we think by now most of that, its never a 100% will get replaced into other properties and other spots so that, theres a little bit of overhang from losing that supply for a little bit of time. But in general, were pushing much harder into growing supply. Now, again we are seeing ADRs hold up and so far, the business broadly remains strong. Again, you will see pockets of change as the world evolves as certain, as APAC opens up versus, maybe we all worry about EMEAs economy or something like. There may be shifts slightly. But broadly, we have not seen anything that is affecting the overall business.
Jack Matten: Great. Thank you.
Peter Kern: Yep.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question goes to Lloyd Wamsley of UBS. Lloyd, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Lloyd Walmsley: Great. Thanks. I wanted to go back to kind of the rollout of the integrated loyalty program and just understand the short-term trade-offs versus the long-term payback to the extent you feel like you have visibility on it. Just thinking back to the last time we saw this in 2011 and 2012, scaling up Expedias loyalty program and globally expanding the Hotels.com program, it did seem to drive a headwind to revenue take rate. And so with Vrbo not having a program prior to this, it would seem like it could be a take rate headwind in 2023. So what kind of magnitude should we think about on that side? And then how long will it take to get that to a state where you can sort of wind back the marketing spend and reap the benefits of the rewards of that loyalty program on the positive side? Thanks.
Peter Kern: Yes. Thanks, Lloyd. I think the way we think about it is were going to balance  we think of our portfolio of tools, including loyalty, regular way marketing, this discounting and other tools we use to drive sales. We think of that as one pool of capital that were investing to drive as award next years results.  And so there are some things happening, including the ramp-up of loyalty that we are balancing against other types of investments. So there is a little noise potentially, as you point out, between take rate, which is the contra revenue stuff above the line versus conventional sales and marketing below the line. But from our perspective, we look at it as one pool of capital, and we are trying to balance the investment and driving that long term. We think that loyalty hook of getting all of those Vrbo members been attached to our other brands and attached to our other products is going to drive a very nice result. Now its not instantaneous as you point out, its not like spending on Meta. It takes time. They rack up points; they wait for their next trip, whatever. But we think thats a big benefit in terms of expanding our base of customers, expanding our direct traffic, et cetera. So yes, there will be some  there may be some, I guess, I would say, across the P&L., there may be some movement top to bottom is a little more moves into loyalty perhaps when something gets taken out in some of the perhaps direct S&M spend, but we are looking to balance that whole thing. And as we get closer to it, we will give you insight into how to think about looking at the P&L going forward. But in general, we think we will balance it out. Its just that there could be some small movements as we light up the programs and certain programs get changed from one brand to another. There may be some balance sheet adjustments for accruals and other things, noise like that. But in terms of driving the real P&L and real cash flow, we think weve got enough things to offset it and some other opportunities to expand margins at Vrbo that we can pretty much absorb it and chew it up in other places and again, manage that balance as we go forward of driving these long-term investments as against the short-term loans.
Lloyd Walmsley: Yes. Yes, that makes sense. It seems like your take rate is below the kind of competitive environment for shorter. So that seems like one area and you could pick up for it. I dont know if thats one of the ideas, but curious anything you could share there. Thanks.
Peter Kern: Yes. I think, look, we are under our competitors. We are thoughtful about how we want to deal with that with  for our host partners and for our consumers, theres volume trade-offs for cost when you increase take rates as well. So theres a bunch of things to balance, but we are looking at all of those things and have opportunity. 
Lloyd Walmsley: All right, thanks.
Peter Kern: Yep, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question go to Mark Mahaney of Evercore ISI. Mark, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Mark Mahaney: Thanks. Two questions please. First, could you just address the issue of whether there are material share shifts going on in North America in the lodging market? And then secondly, I think you just touched briefly in the last question or two on Asia Pacific. To what extent have you  just any color commentary on  I think thats sort of the last not shoe to drop, but shoe to rise. So just what that recovery path looks like for that region? Thank you.
Peter Kern: Yes, sure. Thanks, Mark. I would say to address your first question, some of what we saw in, lets call it, the middle of the summer, and I talked about some of this on our last quarterly numbers, we had  we were moving platforms. We were doing a variety of things. We were  and pulled back on some discounting and some other things where the competition have been very heavy. Weve seen that normalize and we are  we dont see, if anything, we think were gaining ground, but there hasnt been a continued erosion. And I think you can see that in the relative growth rates, although again, we are still being more selective about the business we buy and everything else, we are stable and others have seen growth rates decline. But  so we think the U.S. is pretty stable to slightly in our favor. And again, we believe that as we continue to build this base of business and base of members, which is largely U.S.-driven given our relative strength in the U.S. that starts to be a repeating underpinning of our business, that drives us up as just buying in meta, the old-fashioned way that the  the ground board took place. So we think were setting up quite well for that, and we like our position there. Obviously, we would have liked to not give up some free room nights, but not all room nights are valuable and not all room nights are profitable and we dont view it as strictly a room night game. So  but were setting up well, and we like our position, and that noise has definitely stabilized from when we were doing all the platform transitions. As far as APAC goes, I wish it were a bigger part of our business. Its not a huge part of our business. We have a very nice B2B business there thats been largely stifled by the closed APAC market, so as our B2B  B2C business. And our B2C business, like many parts of the world, is much more internationally driven. So even though there has been some opening; Japan has opened up; somewhat Korea; China, not yet; its been more domestic travel than international. International airlift, Asia is still much more reduced than the rest of the world. So I think well see that come back. I think youll probably see some shift if Europe slows down, youll see airlift move to APAC, if APAC is opening up and youll see opportunities. Obviously, currency will play a role in where people are willing to go and how far their money goes in different regions. Again, we think thats probably net good for us being relatively heavy in North America where the dollar is strong. But again, we expect that to open up sequentially. Hopefully, China will open at some point this coming year, and we have a very good relationship with Ctrip and power a lot of their outbound international travel. So I think theres opportunity for us, but that is the next shoe to drop. We agree with that. That will be the next rising tide as it were we reversed our stories and the rest of the world, well see.
Mark Mahaney: Thank you, Peter.
Peter Kern: Yep, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question goes to Brian Fitzgerald of Wells Fargo. Brian, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Brian Fitzgerald: Thanks. Vrbo recently came with its known tech stack and there are different value propositions from the front end versus HCOM and Expedia. But is there more leverage to be gained there? Can we get an update on the progress of back in front of unification work? And then it just seems, Peter you mentioned Trip Boards and smart shopping and airfare tracker just this may be stating the obvious. The rate of iteration or testing or innovation is accelerating. Is that true now that you have a more homogenized base of technology and tools and should we expect more of the same?
Peter Kern: Yes. I mean were pushing in heavily into that. I would segment the last part to say theres testing and optimization work, which is ramping up significantly right now and was what was sort of on hiatus in the middle of the year as we were moving Hotels.com. Thats now allowed us to be in a new position to roll out innovation winners, et cetera, across a much wider base and to test across a much wider base of our consumers. Your first question, Vrbo, thats still on its own stack. It is next up. It is literally going to start testing traffic on the single platform by the end of this year, before the end of this year. But it will be a gentle  we mean to disrupt it as little as possible. But that, again, will give us potential future innovation. Now the Vrbo stack and the Vrbo shopping experience is a quite different thing than conventional lodging and shopping, Im sure youre familiar. So the ability to test the same types of winners across conventional lodging and Vrbo may not be quite as dramatic. But there are a lot of cross-cutting benefits like trip planning potentially or checkout or other things that will work for multiple products. So its all on a journey there. Vrbos the next to go. But Id say the big benefit on the conventional lodging side, weve gotten across and now we are starting to iterate significantly on. And then the future part whether its trip planning or flight tracking or other things, thats really another category thats like innovating into new ways of shopping, new ways of sharing and collaborating, and we think thats the future of the business. We think there hasnt been much innovation in the space. We want to lead in this space. We  the consumer adoption has been very good. But of course, weve got to get it everywhere on everything. And weve got to keep going. So we really want to differentiate on the product, on the benefits of being a member, including loyalty, but also pricing and packaging and other capabilities. All of that, we think is what makes the product sticky. Were doing a much better job of it now, but we will do a much, much better job of going into next year.
Brian Fitzgerald: Thanks Peter. Appreciate it.
Peter Kern: Yes, you bet.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question goes to Anthony Post [ph] of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Antony, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. A couple of questions for you. First, Peter, you look at  traditionally, we look at marketing to bookings, and I think youre kind of arguing we should look at gross profit, which is up since 2019. So can you just kind of help people understand how youre looking at your marketing spend maybe differently than the old management team? And then Julie, welcome aboard. I think the stock has been under pressure. Theres been a little disappointment that some of the margin improvement that was kind of speculated on after the cost cuts in 2000 hasnt been as evident. Is there an opportunity to kind of  and maybe not on this call, of course, but in the future, give some guideposts for long-term margins for the company to help the Street? Thank you.
Peter Kern: Thanks, Anthony. Ill take the marketing point first. I cant speak to prior management. I think it is slightly different, though. The point I mentioned about thinking of the whole pool of spend on customers, be it loyalty, direct marketing brand, et cetera. Thats how were looking at it now, which was not entirely held and looked at before. These are all from our perspective, ways to drive transactions, drive value and were looking at that as a complete pool of spend. So thats different. And then yes, we think you have to look at it relative to GP because volume by room nights is not relevant, right? It has to be a question of how much GP youre deriving on a given transaction because ultimately, GP is what turns into real margin into a real contribution. So we are  if you use that room was $100 and now $200 or our take was $100 on transaction and now its $200, youre not going to bid the same thing you would bid or invest the same thing you would invest to get a $100 transaction, youd be willing to invest more to get a $200 transaction. So you have to look at it at as GP. We recognize its challenging for the outside world to know what our booked GP is but were trying to express to everybody that, that is the  from our perspective, the right way to look at it. You are investing a portion of your profits back into keeping the machine growing. And that is how we look at it. So Id say the big differences are were looking at it at the entire pool, not discrete, like loyalty can be X, but marketing should be Y or its all about direct marketing as a percentage of revenue, right? Thats not the right math from our perspective. But we recognize that it makes it more complex to understand from the outside because booked GP is obviously correlated to booked room nights is correlated to other things. But theres noise in it because most of us have here and other things floating through the gross booking lines, and it gets a little confusing. So  but that is how we look at it. That is how we think its the right way to look at it. And as Ive said a couple of times, its all for us about balancing this journey into this long-term investment pool without over-indexing to it and giving up too much short-term business but getting there over time because we believe its absolutely the right answer to long-term profitable growth with higher margins, et cetera. So thats what were pushing into, and thats that we totally believe in that model.
Julie Whalen: Hi Anthony, nice to meet you. Regarding your margin comment, obviously, that is something were very focused on. I mean, certainly, in 2021, we took $1 billion of cost out and that certainly was the start of our hampering improvement. And if you look even through the third quarter today, were at 30% margin, which is over 400 basis points over 2019 levels. So, were still holding those cost savings from where they were with some slight movements here and there. But certainly, even as Peter mentioned earlier, were all about still maintaining efficiency, maintaining a culture of strong financial discipline. And certainly, thats something that I look forward to bringing to the table as well. Its something thats in my track record. And so therell be things that were going to continue to look for and drive that margin even higher. And certainly, all the things that were doing from a strategic growth initiative perspective is all about driving profitable revenue and not just driving revenue at any cost. And so therefore, we do expect to have margin expansion over time. I mean setting a target is always difficult, because then you set a target we want to be even higher. So, I think at this moment, were just focused on growing that margin as fast as we can as a result of all of our strategic initiatives.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question go to Tom Champion of Piper Sandler. Tom, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Tom Champion: Hi, good afternoon. Peter, I dont know if you could add any comments on the B2B business and the opportunity there. Revenue in the quarter was obviously very strong. But just any highlights from your perspective? And then Julie, likewise, its great to speak with you this afternoon. Im curious if you could just talk a little bit about what attracted you to the role and the opportunity? Youre obviously familiar with the company, but just curious if you could elaborate on that and maybe your areas of focus into 2023? Thank you.
Peter Kern: Yes. Thanks, Tom. Ill go first. I think B2B has been doing extremely well for us. We view it as a tactical way to play in some parts of the world. Where we dont play a B2C business, we view it as an opportunity to grow, grow our number of partners, grow our wallet share, as I referenced, and of course, grow our product offerings. And weve had incremental improvement over the years as weve added things like our wholesale business optimized distribution, which is expanding quite well. I mentioned we grew wallet share. We have many new partners in the pipeline, and weve acquired new partners. We dont announce every one, but its a continuing expanding base. So, we see a lot of really attractive opportunity. We think there are lots of pockets of demand out there that we have not yet reached and that are challenging to reach without going to those partners directly and those partners view us as an extremely good and safe partner in the travel space to go to because we can do everything. We do it well, and they get all the benefits of all our technological advances as we make them. So, we think theres a lot of benefits in that core business. And then as Ive said, weve been pushing into this idea of externalizing more of our capabilities as micro services. Thats what our fraud test is about. We will test many other things this coming year, and were piloting them with different partners. But its a real opportunity for us to take our technological advances and bring them to the industry and help create greater efficiency in our partners running their businesses and then ultimately expand the universe of partners who can sell travel. So that goes to social commerce and other things that have been talked about in other industries, but were really in a pretty unique position to do that at scale as we roll out these technical capabilities. So, were extremely bullish there. Weve expanded and improved our partnerships with many of our biggest supply partners through these kind of technological relationships, and were feeling quite good about it. Some of this stuff is very early. Those new products are quite early days, and theyve got to get perfected and rolled out and then scaled. But thats the pipeline of the future. And in the meantime, our core business and some of the more recent additions like our wholesale business, et cetera, are expanding quite nicely, and we continue to win business across the globe. So feeling really great about that business.
Julie Whalen: Hi, Tom, Tom, its Julie, ice to meet you as well. As far as what attracted me to come here, quite honestly, I have the benefit of being on the Board since 2019. And so because of that, I was able to certainly be involved with the management team is here and also to be sort of under the covers, if you will, with the strategic opportunities that they were executing against and certainly, of course, like some of the financials and all of the capital allocation policy and things like that. But really, the strategic initiatives that I was able to see that they were transforming the business. And some of the things they were doing are just game changers. And some of this have happened actually at my previous company. And once we have finished some of that really enables the business to take off in a big way. So, I knew they were at the pivotal point as the company to launch these changes. And so I just thought theres tremendous opportunity for growth and profitability of this company, and I wanted to be a part of it. As far as changes that could be coming down the way, I mean, first and foremost, Im just trying to learn as fast as I can, the details of the company, certainly, as I said, I knew the bigger picture. And so theres not  no plans for any major changes shorter term. But certainly, if you look back at my track record, which I mentioned earlier, certainly all about strong financial discipline, driving efficiencies, making sure were generating investments with high returns and that we have a capital allocation policy that really favors our shareholders. And so thats something that is certainly going to be behind as we move forward and as this business continues to outperform. 
Tom Champion: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question go to John Colantuoni of Jefferies. John, please go ahead. Your line is open.
John Colantuoni: Thanks for taking my questions. So, youve been pretty clear about prioritizing customer LTV in your marketing approach. But Im curious how youre thinking about the opportunity cost of losing out potential customers to competitors as they remain aggressive in driving share gains in your core market? And at some point, does their aggressiveness necessitate a shift in marketing strategy towards some of those lower ROI channels in case its reducing your opportunity to attract higher-value travelers and also to avoid the unintended impact of your pullback in those channels, helping competitors realize higher ROI because inadvertently reduced the competitiveness in the keyword bidding environment? And I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Peter Kern: Okay. Thanks, John. A lot to talk about there. But I would say, at a high level, its what Ive said a couple of times now, which is its all  youre right, its all about balancing that, right? Youre making a transition of trying to build a base of customers that actually left your product, have found benefit in your product and will drive longer-term returns. There is a lot of traffic out there every day. I think the industry has proven for decades really that theres a mass of people that are up for grabs every day. The challenge hasnt been buying them. Thats just a question of how big a check youre willing to write. The challenge has been keeping them. And I think thats been true for everybody in the industry. Were really invested, as you can probably tell in making the product better, making the benefits better, making people stick and making sure they get the benefit of being with us. But of course, theres a balance to be struck. And were not suggesting we found a perfect balance, but were moving across a journey where we think we can get to a place where the core base of long-term valuable customers becomes a new threshold level that youre building on top of. And we also believe as the product improves and as were better at getting people into membership and into experiencing the benefits that those otherwise cheap, less valuable pieces of business that weve sort of assure during this period become more valuable to us over time. In other words, well be able to buy lets say, meta traffic or other kinds of traffic more efficiently because were better at keeping them and turning them into long-term customers. So those things are in flux all of the time, and we are looking to optimize it all at the time. Were not looking to throw business to the wild and let somebody else get it, but were also not willing to just be upside down at any price to buy traffic and pray. So its something were balancing literally every day, and were continuing to balance. And as we plan for next year, well continue to balance. But we think were directionally right. We wont be perfect, but were directionally right. And as we continue to build up this huge base of members and reduce churn and include more of them through the broader loyalty plan, we think thats going to be incredibly valuable to us. So, we feel good about that trade. But your question is fair, and we look at it every day. And so thats  we will keep looking at it every day.
John Colantuoni: Thanks. Appreciate that. And you mentioned some more opportunities to drive efficiency over time. Can you just outline some of the more impactful buckets you have for incremental efficiency gains on the fixed cost side? Thanks.
Peter Kern: Yes. Well, I think its twofold, right? Its both driving faster growth, which is getting some of the benefit of the members, et cetera, that weve been stacking up low these many months and into next year and having that expansion come to more direct business that we dont have to pay to get regained. So thats where we pay through loyalty, but thats a much smaller cost to us. So thats a big area of separation, where I think the margin dollars will expand because we wont be paying incrementally all the time for the same business. And then I think on the fixed cost side, theres all kinds of efforts going on. We havent fully optimized the cloud. But weve moved a lot of technology into the cloud, but we have a lot of work to do. Were still synthesizing our data pools to be more efficient around data, all of those things have knock-on effects and costs in compute time and cloud. So theres a bunch of work going on there. Theres a bunch of opportunity as we move to this one platform to optimize better, and every optimization is essentially a chance of efficiency, right? Its more conversion, more dollars per transaction, but its not more people, its not more anything. Its just better technology, more use of machine learning, et cetera. So theres a bunch of big pockets. Theres no like, oh, by the way, theres  I can tell you where $1 billion is hiring, but we spent a ton of money on cloud. We spend a ton of money on adding capabilities. And over time, as you do it on one platform, it all becomes more efficient. So, I think its a lot of little things, but it adds up with our base of people and fixed cost, it adds up significantly over time. Weve been able to maintain our headcount at a level we feel good about, and we think we can grow massively on top of that without having to add lots of bodies to be able to do it.
John Colantuoni: Thanks. Appreciate the details.
Operator: Thank you. And the final question goes to Jed Kelly of Oppenheimer. Jed, please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jed Kelly: Hey, great. And thanks for sneaking me in. Just two, if I may. Peter, I think you mentioned earlier this year, you had pulled back marketing in some of the European countries because you werent happy with the ROI. Can you talk about where the product is for you to lean back into those countries? And then just on Vrbo, just on the supply, can you talk about any benefit youre seeing from higher interest rates and getting potentially getting more Vrbo supply? Thanks.
Peter Kern: Yes. I wish we had a quick enough twitch muscle to tell you that interest rates are driving homeowners to us. What I can tell you is Vrbo all through COVID and still produces more for homeowner and more for house than any of our competitors. So, I think were in a great place for homeowners who want to monetize their assets to come, assuming its in places that are interesting to us and where we can drive business. So, I think we set up quite nicely if you believe in that construct that people need to monetize their homes, their assets, their second homes, et cetera. Again, we do  were not doing a lot of primary home where people move out of their house and rent it for two days or whatever. Thats not really our business model. But there is lots of opportunity. And presumably, people are maybe a little less flush with the cost of capital and may want to monetize that. So, I think directionally, its positive, but its not that quick switch thing, that we see a massive uplift just because rates increase. But were pushing into it, and we expect supply to grow meaningfully next year. As far as the marketing question, it goes back really beyond this past year. I mean we saw a lot of pockets where we were overinvested, werent getting the return, werent getting the long-term return that even made sense of what we were investing to buy traffic in some parts of Europe and other places and we ratcheted that back. We found this, as I mentioned, as we keep rebalancing, sometimes were finding opportunity to push back in some of those places. So its not  its not like theres a line [ph] in the sand, and we got to it and were staying there, like we pulled back and then we saw opportunity. In some cases, we pushed in a little bit more. But I think broadly, at the heart of your question, which is right, we want to be lined up with all the right product capabilities to go after a market fully. And right now, were sort of perfecting our product in North America in terms of how everything works? How loyalty rolls out? How people get signed up? How we engage them with CRM, and everything? And thats a model we then want to repeat. Now many big markets across the globe, we have many of those things. But we have a very focused idea of were going to get the product set up end-to-end then were going to go hard after markets and then we believe we can win with the strategy that we think is winning right now here. So, well keep pushing on it. And were not there yet. But I think as we get into next year, we will have a much clearer idea of where youll see us take some more aggressive action in certain markets where they think theres opportunity. Of course, theres some macroeconomic noise to watch out for there because there may be markets we want to get aggressive in that may have economic challenges. So, well have to balance all of those things. But that is our approach to it. We want the end-to-end product to be great. We want the loyalty and all pieces to be there. And when we have like our full suite of weapons, were going to go at these markets one by one and try to win.
Jed Kelly: Thank you.
Peter Kern: Thank you everybody. I think thats it. So, go ahead, operator. Sorry.
Operator: That concludes todays call. You may now disconnect your lines and have a nice day.
Peter Kern: Thank you everyone. Take care.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-04 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Expedia Group Q2 2022 Financial Results Teleconference. My name is Brika and I will be your operator for todays call. [Operator Instructions] For opening remarks, I will turn the call over to SVP Corporate Development, Strategy and Investor Relations, Harshit Vaish. Please go ahead.
Harshit Vaish: Good afternoon and welcome to Expedia Groups earnings call for the first quarter of 2022 that ended June 30. I am pleased to be joined on the call today by our CEO, Peter Kern; and our CFO, Eric Hart. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects managements view as of today, August 4, 2022 only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on todays call are forward-looking typically preceded by words such as we plan, we expect, we believe, we anticipate, we are optimistic or confident that or other similar statements. Please refer to todays earnings release and the companys filings with the SEC for information about factors, which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You will find reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the companys Investor Relations website at ir.expediagroup.com. And I encourage you to consistently visit our IR website for other important information. Unless otherwise stated, any reference to expense exclude stock-based compensation. And with that, let me turn the call over to Peter.
Peter Kern: Thanks, Harshit, and good afternoon everyone and thank you for joining us today. Let me begin by saying that we were very pleased with our financial results in the quarter on the back of a continued recovery in all markets and products and our expanding margins. We've seen strong consumer demand for travel this summer and are encouraged that travel remains a top spending area even as other parts of the economy seem to be showing cracks. We posted our highest ever lodging bookings this quarter on the highest revenue and adjusted EBITDA for any second quarter and we continue to further strengthen our liquidity with a strong free cash flow and the early redemption of an additional $1 billion of debt. We delivered these strong results despite the current macroeconomic backdrop and the limitations and disruptions we've seen in air travel around the world. Of particular note, while domestic flight capacities have recovered close to 2019 levels, international flight capacity is lagging with long-haul capacity still down roughly 30%. While these disruptions and shortages don't appear to be abating soon, we do look forward to when these long-haul capacities return as this has always been a relative strength of ours. Now moving on to my main topic of the day. For the last few quarters, we spent a lot of time talking about the transformation of our technology platform and how that will enhance both our B2B and B2C businesses going forward. And last quarter, I took time out to explain in greater depth, how we were pursuing our B2B strategy, driving travel as a service to partners of all sizes. But as investors digested our Q1 results, it became very clear to us that we needed to clarify our B2C strategy and begin to provide incremental data to help you understand what metrics we think are important to measuring our success in pursuit of this strategy. In particular, there's been a lot of interest in the shifts in room night share, as travel has recovered. And whether something has changed in the market, or if it is just a temporary shift, as we put more of our attention into our technical transformation and attracting the right mix of consumers. Today, we hope to answer this more directly and give you a better understanding of our strategy and tactics, as we evolve our consumer business. As for the backdrop, I think by now you all have a decent understanding of how the mix effect domestic versus long-haul international or geo mix for example with the robust recovery of EMEA in Q2 can cover share results. And I also believe you are well acquainted with the fact that we've divested or shut down a number of noncore businesses, shedding certain volume over the last two years, whereas some competitors were buying business and thereby adding volume. So today, I'm going to focus more narrowly on how our long-term consumer strategy is impacting these short-term share issues. To be clear, we have been evolving our consumer approach from being largely transactionally focused, where we and the industry spent virtually all of our time, tuning our products for maximum arbitrage and performance marketing channels and spending more and more money on intermediaries, to a future where we build longer-lasting direct relationships with loyal high-lifetime value customers. This means that we have not chased all traffic available in performance marketing, no matter the cost and instead have focused on the pockets of consumers, we think will drive the highest long-term value and the best future shape of our business. To give you more perspective on why it's so valuable to focus on these types of consumers I'd like to give you a few facts about our biggest OTA brands. Over the last 18 months in our Expedia and Hotels.com brands, loyalty members drove approximately 3x the gross bookings per customer and over twice the gross profit per customer and twice the repeat business as compared to nonmembers.  Similarly, app users drove over 2.5x the gross bookings per customer, 2.5x the gross profit per customer and 2.5x the repeat bookings versus non-app users. And of course when we combine the two and have loyalty members who also book through the app, you get the highest production of any customers. Given these core drivers our entire company is focused on getting the right customers in the funnel and then turning them into loyalty members and app users.  And while both will accelerate as we deliver on our platform with better features better personalization and with one overarching loyalty program. I'm pleased to highlight that we are already seeing strong traction. For example in Q2, '22 alone we grew new loyalty members 33% compared to Q2, 2019. Similarly on the app side new app downloads grew 58% in Q2, '22 versus Q2 2019.  Not surprisingly therefore, our direct business continues to grow with almost 2/3 of our B2C gross bookings in Q2 generated from traffic that came to us directly. And really this is just the beginning. With improving products and features including our price tracking product for flights which has been a huge engagement driver in the app and with the rollout of loyalty to all of our customers next year, we will be able to drive much more direct engagement with our customers.  That being said it's also important to remember that lifetime value and travel does not come through the numbers instantly because of the frequency of travel for most consumers. While we have been gaining ground building up our base of high lifetime value customers and are confident in their ability to drive future velocity, it is not as quick twitch as buying transactions through Google and other meta channels.  In the coming quarters, we will continue to update you on these important core drivers of our future success and provide any additional disclosures that may help you measure and understand our progress. For example, starting today we have added an incremental disclosure of room nights on a booked basis. This disclosure should not only give you a better sense of our trajectory, but should also help you better understand our marketing spend.  But to be clear it is not the complete picture. Ultimately what you need to understand is that we are spending against the profit we derive from the market. And while we may currently look less efficient on even a booked room night basis compared to booked gross profit, we are still spending below historical levels. We have done this while allocating more money to channels that drive direct traffic and the kind of high lifetime value of consumers we seek.  It is early days even for this but we know we have the best creative in the category and a great plot to acquire app customers and believe strongly in these veins of opportunity.  Now as anyone forget while we've been making the transition from volume at all costs to the right volume with the right long-term characteristics we have also been going through a massive technical transformation as we move to a single platform. Transitions like this always entail certain short-term versus long-term trade-offs. The perfect example of which is our migration of Hotels.com onto the Expedia stack. We accelerated this over the last two quarters because the benefits of being able to optimize across our largest two OTA brands on the same stack are massive. But to be clear migrations generally disrupt customer patterns and can impact conversion in the short term. And we were no exception. We had to make some choices to prioritize speed over perfection. The really good news is that Hotels.com front end is now nearly fully migrated and we've been freeing up engineers who can now turn their attention to optimizing the full stack.  This is just one example of the many choices we make every day to trade modest short-term disruption for significant long-term growth. And frankly we are more excited every day by our progress the acceleration of the transition and what is still to come.  So in summary, we know we are massively improving our technical position. We know we are engaging more customers in our membership programs and our apps and we know both will drive significant improvement in our business. And in general, we are willing to give up short-term unprofitable volume for longer-term sustainable growth. Because we know that at any given moment a large portion of the traveling public is up for grabs searching around for the best travel options. The industry literally serves billions of searches and customers every year and rarely has engendered true loyalty. Traffic has never been an issue in travel. It's always been a question of retention. We mean to once and for all change that dynamic by providing a product and set of services, worthy of customer loyalty and ultimately, we intend to spend much less of our time and money chasing them over and over again in the wild.  Of course, in the meantime, we will look for every opportunity to grab back share where it makes sense and where we are bringing the right kind of traffic at the right value. As fixated as some of you may be on share, I can assure you we are more so. Our competition has been very promotional and highly geared to performance marketing, but we are determined to build our business in a better way. And we fully believe that as we build our base of high lifetime value customers, we will be able to buy the right customers more efficiently and grow revenue and share far more quickly and profitably than we ever have. Let me end by reverting to our core theme. We are evolving all things in the business to a place of better customer-oriented products and capabilities, better service and understanding of our customers, personalization and ultimately, building what we believe will be the best and stickiest product in the industry. And all of these advancements also, benefit our B2B business, which continues to grow at an accelerated rate. Just this quarter we had a variety of wins. We now power Delta Airlines car rental offering along with hotel, which we have powered for some time and we've already seen significant benefit to our partner. We've become the exclusive provider of hotel supply to Avios, the rewards program for all the airlines under the IAG flag. And while we continue to find new ways to add value to classic travel partners, we have also expanded into emerging pools of captive consumers. To wit this quarter, we proudly partnered with Bilt, which has the first ever loyalty program for renters and we now power their travel portal. And as we continue to power old and new partners, we are also looking for new capabilities to externalize to expand our Open World platform product suite. Late last year, we externalized our travel ads platform that allows travel suppliers to advertise to our consumers. With this externalization, we are expanding the reach for our travel advertisers and the scope of what we power for our demand partners. This quarter alone we added travel as to multiple template partners. We continue to see enormous potential for travel as a service and the continued growth of our product lineup will help fuel our ambition to power the whole industry. So in closing, we had a record financial quarter and we added more loyalty members and app customers than ever before all while continuing to make huge progress on our technical transformation. We're grateful to our employees, our customers and our partners, who are helping us change the industry. And with that, I'll pass it on to Eric for financials. 
Eric Hart: Thanks Peter. The second quarter was strong on multiple fronts, and I am pleased with the financial results that the business continues to generate. Before I dive into the numbers, let me preface that I'll provide our reported numbers and growth rates as well as like-for-like growth rates that exclude Egencias AmEx GBT and the non-lodging elements of our Chase relationship. I will go through that last one as that is a new adjustment. Chase is a value B2B partner and our relationship remains strong. But as of February 2022, we stopped powering their non-loss business, which consists of air and car. However, we continue to power their locking business, which has performed well. While the non-locking business was significant on a gross booking basis, it was not material to us on profitability. And as a reminder, we completed the sale of Egencia's AmEx GBT on November 1, 2021 and our EPS business entered into a 10-year lodging supply agreement with AmEx GBT. We believe these like-for-like numbers are more reflective of the actual performance of our business. Moving on to the P&L. Total gross bookings for all products were up 1% on a like-for-like basis and down 8% versus Q2 2019 on a reported basis, which was a sequential improvement as compared to Q1 down 9% on a like-for-like basis and down 17% on a reported basis. Like-for-like gross bookings growth was driven by an improvement in lodging bookings and ADR is well above 2019 levels. We've seen a continued recovery across all our geographies and main product types with particular strength in North America. Total lodging gross bookings, which were the highest we've ever had, were up 9% on a like-for-like basis versus Q2 2019 and up 8% on a reported basis. Now for the monthly walk. On a reported basis, lodging gross bookings were up 9% in April, up 9% in May and up 5% in June. As for July, we saw some choppiness early in the month, likely due to airport and airline disruptions. But in the back half of the month, we have seen strong performance similar to the rest of Q2. All in, we expect July to land in line with 2019 levels. Currently we are seeing a robust summer with Q3 lodging bookings pacing ahead of 2019. The same is true for pacing for the remainder of the year, but it's still early with the majority of bookings for the back half of the year yet to be made. We remain optimistic and as Peter mentioned, we will continue to monitor bookings and other leading indicators closely and adjust our actions accordingly. Total revenue was up 5% versus Q2 2019 on a like-for-like basis. On a reported basis, revenue was $3.2 billion up 1% and a sequential improvement from down 10% on a like-for-like basis and down 14% on a reported basis. Direct sales and marketing expense was $1.5 billion up 12% versus Q2 2019 levels as we continue to spend into the recovery to capture demand. As Peter mentioned, we increased our efficiency on marketing expense as a percent of book to gross profit. As part of our strategic focus to build a direct relationship with travelers, we continue to allocate spend towards higher lifetime value channels such as pay at installs and brand creatives. Moving on to overhead. Costs were $551 million, a sequential increase of $18 million from Q1 2022 and were approximately $170 million or 23% lower than Q2 2019. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $648 million, the highest second quarter in our history and was up 20% versus Q2 2019 on a like-for-like basis and was up 14% on a reported basis. Adjusted EBITDA margin for the quarter was 20% over 230 basis points higher than the 18% adjusted EBITDA margin in Q2 2019. This quarter I also wanted to call out the other expense line which was a loss of $385 million. This was primarily driven by a mark-to-market loss on our minority equity investment in American Express Global Business Travel, which we received in exchange for our equity interest in Egencia. The loss is due to the reduction of GBT share price since the company became public in May 2022 through the end of Q2. We continue to bring long-term believers in AmEx GBT and is the leading corporate travel management company in the world led by a terrific management team. And additionally, corporate travel has been rebounding faster than many anticipated and our supply deal with GBT continues to perform very well. On to free cash flow, which showed a $1.5 billion in Q2 on a reported basis. Excluding the change in restricted cash primarily driven by the change in Vrbo's deferred merchant bookings, free cash flow was approximately $1.3 billion. As it relates to our current cash position we have $8 billion in total liquidity, which includes $5.6 billion of unrestricted cash on hand as of quarter end, which provides us ample cash to operate the business. We remain committed to maintaining our investment-grade rating. And consistent with this in May, we announced the early redemption of our senior notes due 2023 and 2024 totaling approximately $1 billion. Post this redemption we have no notes maturing until 2025. Since May of 2021, we have repaid over $2.9 billion in net debt and preferred equity. Regarding our capital allocation strategy we had a strong track record of returning capital to shareholders and we believe our stock remains undervalued. As we get more clarity on the macro picture we will accordingly reevaluate our options including potential share repurchases. In closing, we are pleased with the results we achieved this quarter. I believe executing on our strategy will yield a stronger direct relationship with travelers and improve our overall financial performance further. Operator, we are ready for our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Eric Sheridan of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Eric Sheridan: Thank you so much for taking the question. Maybe coming back to all the disclosure and framing strategy around B2C which I think was really helpful for investors. Can you talk a little bit whether it's either qualitatively or quantitatively about how we should be thinking about longer-term marketing ROI or gross profit per booked room night. I'm thinking about ways in which you could generate additional leverage in the model beyond some of the margin targets or margin framework we've talked about before coming out of the cost-cutting exercises during the pandemic just a bit better framing on what might that do for sort of returns for the business over the long-term? Thanks.
Peter Kern: Sure. Thank you for the question. I'll certainly try to put a little more color on it. Ultimately, as we drive towards high lifetime value customers and moving our customers into these high value positions in app in membership et cetera and up the membership ladder. We believe that we'll be able to use our marketing capital more efficiently through a variety of channels, including loyalty, including CRM and a variety of ways to drive more direct relationships. And ultimately, we believe we're going to get better and better at being able to buy the right kinds of customers out of the market. We are trying to do that now. We are doing it, I would say, with fairly remedial tools, but we are getting better and better as we get better at a more granular understanding of each customer and each customer's potential LTV and what channels they come from. So we're on that journey to basically drive lifetime value broadly, but also ultimately understand lifetime value in a very granular way, so that we can then, again, be buying that lifetime value out of the market in the most efficient way as we can. We think we're doing that now. But admittedly our tools are somewhat remedial. As we get all of our customer accounts together. You've heard us talk about consolidating data, consolidating the one loyalty plan across everything. As that loyalty plan reaches everybody, as we have one identity for every customer we are going to get better and better at understanding LTV and understand each customers' performance and that's going to allow us to get a lot sharper on how we acquire traffic and who we acquire. So, ultimately, we are looking to drive more efficient acquisition of the right kinds of customers. And as I've said on a couple of calls, that doesn't mean we're necessarily planning to spend less money, it means we expect to get more value out of the money we spend. And if we get really good at it, we may be spending more money and buying just more and more value out of the marketplace. So that is our ultimate goal. I think, there's lots of tools we have already to drive LTV, but we're going to have many more and a better understanding of how to buy the right kinds of customers out of the market as time passes.
Eric Sheridan: Great. Thank you.
Peter Kern: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Kevin Kopelman of Cowen. Kevin, your line is open.
Kevin Kopelman: Thanks a lot. I was hoping you could drill down a little bit more on how you view the current travel booking environment that you're seeing quarter-to-date, given you did see some of that choppiness early in the quarter, but then it sounds like growth has come back quite a bit since then. Thanks.
Peter Kern: Yes, sure. Eric can chime in. I'll give you my thoughts. I think we've seen -- as Eric referred to, we saw some choppiness in the early part of July. As you all know there's been a lot of disruption in North America and in Europe in airports. There have been the Heathrow capped how many flights could go in and out. There's been a lot of noise and a lot of cancellations. And we think that's probably responsible for a lot of it, obviously, in a time of weird macro backdrops. We're all looking for ghosts. But with the strong rebound over the last few weeks of July, we feel like it was more temporary than anything and we're seeing better resilience and similar strength, as Eric has said, compared to earlier in Q2. So we're optimistic. Again, the summer period looks strong. There's no real let up that we've seen, other than what we reflected in July. And beyond that, there's still a lot of bookings to be had, but we're optimistic.
Kevin Kopelman: Could you -- and also just as a follow-up, could you touch on puts and takes for EBITDA in the third quarter, given it's the -- it's typically the largest profit quarter for the year? Thanks.
Peter Kern: Yes. Maybe, I'll let Eric take that, but I think he may be having some technical difficulties.
Eric Hart: Yes.
Peter Kern: Eric, you're there?
Eric Hart: Over here, you got it. Okay. Kevin can you hear me okay? Okay.
Kevin Kopelman: Yes.
Eric Hart: As you mentioned, Q3 is our seasonal high from an EBITDA perspective. If I -- if we look at Q2, we feel good about where EBITDA came in, call it, in the aggregate or the quantum and then also seeing the leverage that I mentioned in my prepared remarks. And we continue to operate the business in a very similar structure, if you will. So we feel good about the quarter. As I also mentioned, our pacing also looks and when I say pacing the forward bookings or whatever language one wants to use on what's on the books already for the coming periods, that's also above 2019. Now, the bulk of the transactions still need to occur over Q3 or Q4 for that matter, but thus far, feeling pretty good about the trends that we're seeing. And then just adding a layer of comments on the  what Peter went through is, we continue to remain in an environment where there's more volatility in trading that I have necessarily seen in the business historically just given the pandemic and COVID and variants that come along and now disruption. And so there are periods, where you might see more volatility than we've historically seen, but the consumers continue to be resilient and continue to prioritize travel in their spend. And as Peter mentioned, and I mentioned earlier, the back half of July and early part of August, was back to similar levels of Q2.
Kevin Kopelman: Great. Thanks, Eric. Thanks, Peter.
Eric Hart : Thanks, Kevin.
Peter Kern: Thanks, Kevin.
Operator: We now have a question from Naved Khan of Truist Securities. Please go ahead, when you are ready. Your line is now open.
Naved Khan: Great. Thank you. Just a quick clarification maybe. So the monthly trends you shared for 2Q and into July. Are they like-for-like, or are they on a reported basis? How should we understand them? And then on the  maybe Peter so you said that, the Hotels.com tech integration is complete. Are there any early results you can share with us in terms of any kind of benefits you might be able to drive from that?
Eric Hart: Hey, Naved, I'll take the first part of that, and perhaps Peter you take the second one. They are on a like-for-like basis. So, that is giving you a sense for what we believe is the more accurate representation of the trajectory of the business. And again, just for everyone clarification, it's essentially taking out Egencia, the Chase non-lodging components and then also the lodging service agreement that we have with Amex GBT, so that it gives you a sense "for our core business" and what the trends look like given the puts and takes that we've had given the changes that we've made over the last few years.
Peter Kern: And I'll take the H.com question. So the short answer is, we've mostly seen the disruption and not much of the win yet. Obviously, as I mentioned, the engineers we're now freeing up to optimize the stack is are highly valuable to us, and we expect now to get wins not only on the H.com stack, but on the beta the Expedia stack at the same time. So the whole idea is been broken into two different stacks. We've had engineered, we've needed twice as many engineers to work both stacks. And we've been  any test any wins any improvements are made on one stack or the other and not necessarily carried across, or not necessarily working the same across. So now that, we get more on to the same stack, every time we get a win, it's a win for everybody. And it's a win for much more of our traffic. So the opportunity to now have one consolidated place where we can do that is massive. And we are just getting going now that, we've moved so much of the front end, we can put those engineers on the work and we can start to get lift across not only for commercial, but Expedia the portfolio brands, and everywhere else that runs on that stack. And ultimately, we will all be on the same front-end stack. And then every iteration every test and win every opportunity to make the product better, we'll go to all our customers and we'll get the benefit across the biggest space. So that's what we're driving to Naved and early days in that particular bit. But I will say, the disruption was somewhat less than we expected, which is good and the opportunity is enormous. So, we're putting people on it now and we're starting to get those benefits. But it's very early days. 
Eric Hart: Yes. Hey, Naved, I want to just clean-up my quick remarks, because we actually have both in there both on a like-for-like, and on a reported basis. So let me just be really clear. We provided both numbers, which is the 9% on a like-for-like basis for total lodging gross bookings, and then the 8% on a reported basis. And then the WACC, itself is on a reported basis just to make that clear.
Naved Khan: So, let me just maybe understand that better maybe for July. So you shared the trends and how July started out weak and sort of picked up towards the back end. Is that on a reported basis, or how should we look at that? 
Peter Kern: Yes. That's reported. 
Eric Hart: Yes. That's on a reported basis. 
Peter Kern: All the monthly are on a reported basis. 
Naved Khan: And that's lodging bookings only, right? 
Eric Hart: Correct. Just to make sure you heard me. 
Naved Khan: Great. Thank you. Thanks.
Eric Hart: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Lee Horowitz of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open Lee.
Lee Horowitz: Great. Thanks for the question. Appreciating that long-haul capacity still remains constrained. Can you guys comment at all on what you're seeing in terms of urban travel trends either in the quarter or into 3Q, or are you still seeing kind of robust accelerated recovery there? And is it fair to think that you guys still kind of remain below 2019 levels within this travel quarter? 
Peter Kern: Yes. I would say to the first part, Lee, yes, cities have been coming back pretty strong. If you've been traveling this summer you've probably seen it particularly in Europe. And the strength is -- it's not as strong as beach and other things that have been, but it is materially coming back. So, as I mentioned in the beginning we've seen improvement kind of everywhere in every product. It's different by geo and it's different by urban and non-urban. But everything has been going up into the right and urban has recovered substantially. I think you can tell from our numbers that in various spots we are not buying bad business. So, I'm not going to go into breaking out which places that is per se but urban has been growing nicely for us and it's been growing nicely for the whole industry. So, I think Cities are back. And certainly this summer there will be plenty of urban travel. 
Lee Horowitz: Great. And one follow-up if I could. In the past you guys have talked about struggle in terms of bringing on as much headcount as you may have liked. I guess given maybe some of the ground slack in the labor market would you say that that's no longer a problem, or are you still trying to kind of ramp in and having some I guess the word loss in terms of bringing new headcount in media? 
Eric Hart: Yes, I can take that Peter. 
Peter Kern: Go ahead. 
Eric Hart: Yes, I would say we continue to trend below both our forecasted and candidly, what we want to do from a new hire perspective. So, I would say that that continues to persist. Obviously the market is dynamic at the moment. So, it's something that we're watching to see if there's greater accessibility of talent if you will. There's also continues to be some wage inflation challenges as well which I think you're probably hearing across a lot of these calls. So, we haven't seen that necessarily come through at this point, but it's something that we are watching closely. But I will also say from a recruiting standpoint, I do think our strategy and our execution on our story does resonate quite well as we are recruiting. We are excited about what we're trying to accomplish. We're just doing that within a broader context of a challenging environment. And not that I wish ill on any people out there from a layout perspective or whatever else, but I think there could be an opportunity for us to ramp some of that hiring over the coming months. Now, with that said, there is a lot of uncertainty out in the environment. We are like everyone else looking at our head count and making sure that we are prioritizing accordingly putting people on our highest priority items and looking at our open headcount to make sure that we're making the appropriate investment decisions. So, it's dynamic like a lot of the other aspects of the business but we continue to have success in recruiting talent but not necessarily at the levels that we want to relative to our priorities. Peter not sure if you want to add anything to that? 
Peter Kern: Yes, I would just add Lee that as we continue to make progress on our technical transition. We're constantly solving problems and freeing up people to work on new things. So, it's kind of we're solving it two ways, which is we're looking for talent in the market to help fill open roles where we need people and every day we're also kind of freeing up capacity that can work on the next thing. So, we're moderating it that way. And ultimately as I've said before we're going to get more efficiency out of the machine over time. So, balancing that trajectory is something we're always looking at. 
Lee Horowitz: Okay. Thank you, both.
Peter Kern: Thank you.
Eric Hart: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Lee. Our next question comes from Tom Champion of Piper. Please go ahead when you are ready, Tom.
Tom Champion: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. Just curious if you could talk a little bit about Vrbo and the alternative space and whether or not you encountered any supply constraints in the summer with inventory? And then second maybe you could just talk a little bit more about new partnerships in the B2B business and very strong revenue and EBITDA in the segment. Just your thoughts on that sustainability. Thank you.
Peter Kern : Sure. Thanks, Tom. So a couple of highlights I guess on Vrbo. I mean, first of all, the business continues to be strong well above 2019 levels. We've seen some demand -- sorry, supply constraints in our best markets. I think Southeast beaches in the US and such, but we have been adding supply at an accelerating level and actually in our strongest markets like US beach, et cetera. We've been adding supply faster than our main competition. So we feel pretty good about that trajectory and we're getting better at that kind of all the time. So in our strongest markets again we're adding supply, but there were constraints. There were markets sold out this summer for sure, and we'd love to have more supply in those places. As far as new partnerships go, I'd love to name a bunch of names. Unfortunately, in some cases we are constrained by our agreements with our partners, but we've seen really good growth in our B2B business and our B2B pipeline. We think there's a lot of products that we can help our partners with. And as our products get better all the things, I was talking about even with the Hotels.com, Orbitz front-end change that's not just getting on to one stack. It's also componentizing all the front-end modules, so that we can more easily use them and we use them for our partners to create their travel products on the front end. So there's a lot of opportunity in all the work we're doing to make the products better for our partners, and to externalize new things that we haven't externalized before, like our service capabilities, or our machine learning capabilities, or our fraud capabilities. So we're working kind of two tracks, which is we want to drive more value into our partnerships that we already have with the products already available, and we want to externalize lots of new products that we think will be valuable to the partners we already have and to a much wider base of partners. So, both of those things are going. There's lots of exciting things happening on both fronts. And most excitingly when we deliver things like we did with our new car deal with Delta or many others, they deliver more value for our partners. And that means, it's a good product, that makes our partners more successful, and us more successful. So I think it's one of those places that's really a great symbiotic situation, where we can use our technology and our supply to drive better outcomes for all our travel partners. And it really sort of turns those into partnerships instead of just the classic supply deals and other things we've always had. So we're excited. We think the growth -- there's plenty of growth there. I don't think it's like linear and just accelerates. I think we'll have new products that roll out, new exciting things that come. We'll have some big new partnerships that come over time. And each of those will add to it. And ultimately, the more products we can externalize, I think, the more partners will have and that's what we're most excited about. 
Tom Champion: Thank you.
Peter Kern : You bet.
Eric Hart : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Deepak Mathivanan of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead when you are ready.
Deepak Mathivanan: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Sorry to jump on the monthly trends again. Given that it's kind of staying near sort of 10% about 2019 levels, is it sort of fair to assume that the volume recovery from kind of the pent-up demand that we saw over the last few quarters is somewhat now behind us, and it's a more normalized growth environment driven by more marketing and sort of like the product and some other partnership efforts that you mentioned just now? Are there any markets geographically maybe where recovery could still be significant? How do you kind of think about the growth from here to take it much higher about 2019 levels? Thanks so much.
Peter Kern : Yes, I'll take a stab Eric, and maybe you can follow. I would say, Deepak that there are still plenty of markets that have not fully recovered. APAC for one, Latin America for another. And then within certain geographies there's still -- there are still places that are not as robust. But -- so there's plenty of opportunity. I think there's no sign that what we've seen as the robust recovery now won't continue for the foreseeable future. As Eric alluded to there's -- no one knows quite what's happening with the macro environment and when and if that will impact travel. But so far everything looks pretty strong. So I think there is still opportunity for growth from our perspective. The pie is enormous, right? I mean, we and the other big OTAs eat about I don't know 15% maybe of the global travel market, maybe a bit more of the big ones our main big competitors. So there's a lot of pie out there. And I think we have lots of opportunity in the strategy I was trying to describe to continue to grab high-value travelers that we can add to the pot and drive our business and stack them up. So we think there's plenty of recovery to be had. I don't know macro global travel is definitely still way under 2019 levels, because so many geos are not caught up yet and that long-haul air et cetera but ADRs have been very high. So we've seen escalated numbers driven by that. But there's definitely a fair amount of consumption in the world that's not back in the market. Eric, I don't know if you want to add anything?
Eric Hart: No.
Peter Kern: Okay. Thank you, Deepak.
Deepak Mathivanan: Great. Thank you so much.
Peter Kern: You bet.
Operator: We now have Lloyd Walmsley of UBS. Please go ahead when you're ready.
Lloyd Walmsley: Thanks. Two questions if I can. First on the marketing side, it looks like there was a bit of deleverage in the quarter and just looking at direct marketing per booked room night. It's up by my math, I think 28% year-over-year. Is that just a function of bidding up because of the higher ADRs or something going on a brand campaign? You guys mentioned efficiency improvements on like a gross profit basis. So if you can just explain that a little more? And then just second one on the product side, you guys talk a lot about improving the product and doing driving more direct from product improvements. Wondering how does adding hotel supply and localizing that supply fit in as a priority in the product strategy? Are you guys rebuilding supply acquisition team like where does that fit in? Thanks.
Peter Kern: Yeah. Maybe I'll take that in reverse order, Lloyd. So on the supply side, yes, supply plays an important role both in terms of breadth, in terms of pricing competitiveness and in terms of transaction if you will. Different kinds of discounts, different kind of our member discounts, package discounts other things. So supply plays an important role. We are, yes, we have been ramping our acquisitions, but we've also been ramping something we've been trying to do for a long time, which is our self-service capabilities so that suppliers can more easily sign on. I don't know if you remember in the past, but it always took us a lot longer to sign up partners partly because we had the merchant model but also it was just harder and more cumbersome. And we are working tirelessly to try to change that and try to bring more people on board and self-serve. So that of course gives us scale beyond just hiring back up market management and people to acquire properties. So that's one line of work that we are absolutely focused on and driving. On the deleverage side, I would say yeah you have to look at all the cost of marketing all up, which includes other things besides what you see in the marketing line, including loyalty and pricing moves et cetera. And then we look at our booked GP, our GP we're deriving from the bookings, we're booking and we are getting -- when you compare those two things, we are getting leverage in that number. You can't really look at room nights because you're missing other mix issues and you're missing some of these other components with loyalty et cetera, which is why some of our competitors appear to be getting leverage but they're really getting deleveraged because they're discounting more and being more merchandise and aggressive on the promotional side. So we're getting leverage out of that collective and others are not.
Eric Hart: Yeah. Hopefully, you can hear me okay. Peter, if I can a thumbs up.
Peter Kern: Yeah. Yeah. You're back on. Go for it.
Eric Hart: Thank you. Yeah. And so Peter spent a fair amount of time and I did well just around the gross profit and looking at it from a holistic perspective. But I do want to just make sure that I reflect and we reflect that we have said that we are going to be a couple of things. One is aggressive in marketing spend and the recovery. So to the extent that we see opportunities to acquire the types of travelers or customers that Peter mentioned, we are going to push into that and are seeing nice returns from that perspective. And then two is, the profile of the travelers and customers that we're acquiring because of a mix shift of marketing into longer-term relationships such as brand marketing or creative, as I mentioned and then also app downloads that we're essentially building cohorts over time that have a higher lifetime value, but also can take longer to hit the P&L if you will. So there's a timing aspect to it. So again, gross -- both gross profit, we feel good and we feel that that is healthy. Two is, we do want to be aggressive in marketing given the rebound from the pandemic. And then three is longer spend profiles from a mix standpoint in our marketing spend.
Lloyd Walmsley: Got it. Okay. Thanks.
Eric Hart: Thanks, Lloyd.
Operator: Thank you. We now have a question from Brian Fitzgerald of Wells Fargo. You may proceed with your question, Brian.
Brian Fitzgerald: Thanks. Maybe a bit of a follow-on to Lloyd's question. As you look ahead into 2023 and the implementation of the Digital Markets Act in the EU, just wondering if you could offer any thoughts in terms of how that could change the marketing environment for you potentially benefit the business from a marketing perspective? Thanks.
Eric Hart: Yeah. Thanks for the question. I appreciate it, Brian. It's a very dynamic environment. As you can imagine, there's international tax treaters that are being negotiated. They're DST taxes that are ebbing and flowing if you will. That ultimately, it is something that we're watching. We're building it in of course where we need to. Don't necessarily have a crystal ball on it. But ultimately, I believe that we won't be the only ones that are impacted if you will on a per geography basis. And it will impact pricing and ultimately what the consumer may end up paying in the end. And so, I don't foresee at this time any detrimental impact to our ability to acquire the types of customer relationships that Peter and I have both spoken to, but it is a very dynamic environment and something that we're spending time on in Washington.
Operator: Thank you. We now have Justin Post of Bank of America. You may proceed with your question.
Justin Post: Great. I appreciate the other booked night disclosure and I think that has been the overhang last quarter. A couple of questions around that. So as you're presumably trying to get better customers, what have you seen on return rates so far, since you've changed your strategy? And are those higher? And second, what time frame is the Board or the management team holding the marketing group to start showing better leverage on that line? Thank you.
Peter Kern: Yeah. I would just say -- so a couple of things. We don't really disclose repeat rate, but I'll state the obvious which is you heard what I said about the repeat rates of members of app users and how much direct business we have. So I think it's safe to assume that you can follow the trend lines of where that's headed as we continue to build these higher value higher repeat rate customers into our base. As for the time frame, we want to drive leverage in marketing broadly and long term, but it's not just up to marketing, the effectiveness of the product I think Lloyd asked about supply, the effectiveness of supply. All of those pieces play a part in marketing efficiency having the right product on the shelves, the right high converting product for the customer. And again, all the things we've talked about and moving them into the right products into membership into app et cetera. So there's a lot of pieces that fall together. Right now, we're interested in investing in the right types of customers that build that base of high lifetime value customers. And as long as we can do that in an efficient way, and again, as we look at all our spend, all up, we are doing that more efficiently right now as against book value. So we're very happy to keep investing in that. Over time, we will get better and better at finding those pockets, as I said on a more granular level. But right now with the blunt instruments we have, we are driving app membership all of it and the right kinds of customers into the funnel as best we can and we will get sharper and sharper on that over time. So I don't think there's a  we're not saying okay by the end of 2023 we have to pull x many basis points out of marketing. We're saying that as long marketing can drive the right base of customer  high-value customers into the machine. And as long as the machine is getting better at converting them into the types of customers we want, we're winning and we want to keep driving that. 
Eric Hart: And just  sorry I can just add to that as well quickly. Just around we've announced and launched some new products at our EXPLORE conference and then subsequently are ramping those. And just a couple of examples on how we can drive engagements with our travelers and customers and the relationships that one example of that is our price tracking product that we rolled out relatively recently. And early days, it's quite positive what we're seeing. We're seeing good uptake and people signing up for it. We're seeing great open rates when we send notifications and then seeing very strong return rates as well. So again, it is of course about our ability to generate transactions from customers so that we can deepen our relationship but we now have new tools that we have developed that we are rolling out that are showing great promise and engaging those customers along the way in their journey. And then subsequently you can imagine after that first transaction that just gives us more and more opportunities with an increasing number of customers using the app which is the multiplier as Peter talked about and being a member which is the multiplier on the amount of  the depth of the relationship and a number of transactions. So that all of those are adding up for us to increase our number of customers or share of wallet and ultimately drive the business in a profitable way. 
Justin Post: Great. Thank you. Maybe one follow-up. You do see take rates up from 2019. And I was wondering if the strategy is driving higher value customers that maybe spend on different types of hotels, or is that just more timing related? Thank you.
Eric Hart: You have the typical seasonal component on take rates. But what I would say is there a number of different moving parts. We've got a higher mixed North America the Vrbo to Hotel relative to some of our historical numbers, which I think we've talked about in previous quarters. We also have a slightly higher margins on Vrbo itself just given some of the take rate decisions that we've made over the last few quarters. And so that revenue margin has benefited from mix so more lodging or less air. So I would expect that to come down just to revert somewhat back to the mean. But there are promotional activities as Peter talked about that we're not necessarily as aggressive or making different choices along the way and balancing that with marketing spend. That will continue to be dynamic. So feel good about the take rates. They are higher. They have  some of that is because of mix. We should expect some of that to come back down but we feel good about the absolute level where we landed.
Justin Post: Great. Thank you.
Peter Kern: And I think  sorry I was just going to add in if you look at our ADRs, we've driven quite strong ADR growth and I think stronger than some of our competitors at any rate. And part of that is driving the right customers, driving the right products. And as Eric says, being less promotional. And we think that's evidence of that as compared to what's going on in other places.
Justin Post: Great. Thank you.
Eric Hart: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Justin. We now have Ron Josey of Citi. Please go ahead as soon youre ready, Ron.
Ron Josey: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Peter I just wanted to follow up on your comments around grabbing back share and the mix shift to direct. Can you just help us understand over time or talk to us how this has just evolved over time and maybe the mix of direct between mobile web and app and I think I've heard you use the term we've got blunter instrument several times today, I think as we talk about moving upstream to LTV. Just talk to us about how these instruments could become sharper? What are you looking for? What needs to happen to be more efficient as we attract these LTV customers? Thank you.
Peter Kern: Yes. So to be specific, and I don't want to underwrite our instruments, but our goal is true granular understanding of every customer's lifetime value, and the difference of where those customers emanate from and what actions they take that indicate and drive, higher lifetime value. That is the holy grail of understanding customer value, and trying -- and getting super sharp and efficient on buying, as best you can all the right customers. Right now, we've given you some basic ideas, which is we know members perform much better. We know app users perform much better. We know, if they have both they performed much better. But that obviously, is a broad brush, not the finest brush you can have. And we ultimately want to have a very fine brush, so that we can know, if we find people in a certain performance channel, they're more likely to perform a certain way, maybe by geo, maybe by product that they come in on et cetera. So we want to have all that scope of information, and that involves understanding all our customers in a common way. As we've talked about many times, we have data on our customers that were in silos, because they were Hotels.com customers, or Expedia customers or Vrbo customers or Orbitz customers, or you name it. And as we continue to consolidate the data, as we continue to consolidate those customer files and as we get everybody essentially into one broad loyalty program, we will be able to understand customers at a much more granular level and that will give us more tools. I'm not saying our blunt tools, aren't good tools. They're just not as fine, as we can someday hope to get to. And then, as we add personalization on top of that, we will have a bunch more drivers that allow us to trigger more high LTV events. So, there's a lot of opportunity in that still to come. We're doing lots of good stuff now, but it will get better and better over time. And as far as grabbing back share, and mix shift to direct, we basically said, as I alluded to in general, we're willing to give up unprofitable short-term traffic for longer-term gains. That involves buying somewhat different kinds of traffic. As Eric alluded to, we've been much more leaned into a cap acquisition and other opportunities where we know there's more value. And that involves again, making short-term trade-offs whether it's in technical transitions where we have to give up something in the short-term, to move faster. So we've been willing to do that, and give up some of the historically highly unprofitable, the last incremental performance marketing customer purchase. So that's kind of what we've been going through. But we're getting better at understanding and being able to drive member sign-up. We were never that great, at getting sort of the owned sign-ups as honed as we wanted to do, getting the owned app downloads going faster. So every time we make that better, we see more opportunity then to drive into okay, now we can acquire this set of customers and they'll perform better, because we can get them into these high lifetime value activities and then we get more value -- drive more value out of them long term. So that's what I'm talking about, in terms of grabbing back share, where we can grabbing back opportunities. And these things are not perfect. And as we see veins to drive, we are looking for more and more veins to drive, that will drive growth and ultimately drive share. 
Q  Ron Josey: Very, helpful. Thank you, Peter.
A  Peter Kern: You, bet. Thanks, Ron 
Operator: Thank you. I would like to hand back to -- our final question will be from Jed Kelly of Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. 
Jed Kelly: Hi. Great. Thanks for sneaking me in. Just two if I may. One, can you talk about how the stronger US dollar, could benefit your long-haul international business potentially into next year? And are you developing any strategies around that given your higher North American base? And then two, just Peter you mentioned, you're seeing stronger Vrbo supply gains over your largest competitor. Can you talk about where that's coming? Is that coming more from the property managers or individual homes? Thank you.
A  Peter Kern: Sure. I'll take the last one first. So those gains have been sort of broad. We have a very good presence with the property managers. We always have. I think we're probably the  certainly, in North America, we're the preferred partner, for most of them or many of them. But I think what we've been focused on is really driving a systemic approach, to adding supply in the places where we have the highest demand, where we know we can drive performance for our supply partners the homeowner or the management company. Certainly, successful management companies that acquire more properties, become managers of more properties is a great vein for us because they're already working with us. They know how to work with us, and they can put those properties into the system. But we are also adding direct homeowners, at a pretty strong basis. So it's kind of both veins. There's no, we're all in on one or the other. We're trying to find the right supply and the right markets, whoever happens to be managing that or owning that. And then as far as the US dollar goes, I would say, long haul again remains -- as I mentioned in my opening remarks remains considerably down still. Those planes are -- there's 30% -- less airlift. And I think in U.S. to EMEA and EMEA to U.S. it's about down 20%. And if any of you have traveled you've seen that prices are through the roof. So the airlines have been fairly content to run with less capacity and higher RevPAR which makes sense revenue per air mile. But I think over time as that comes back there will be demand. I think the U.S. dollar being strong given our strength in the U.S. and continued demand patterns which seem to want to travel considerably still augurs well for international travel and long-haul travel. I think the only constraint is just what's pricing going to be and how much airlift is there really in those channels. But strong U.S. dollar definitely is a good sign for U.S. international travel. So -- and that's always been a strong suit of ours. So we hope that continues to be a strong opportunity. And into 2023, we'll see what happens with the dollar and with the recessions or not around the world, but we're optimistic about how that trade is working right now for us.
Jed Kelly: Thank you.
Eric Hart: One quick thing to add as well which is not necessarily your question but I think it might be helpful to you all which is just around -- we didn't spend a lot of time in this call on constant currencies or FX impacts to our P&L just given our weighting to the U.S. market to your question, but if we did adjust on a constant currency basis as compared to 2021 our EBITDA would have been 4% higher in Q2. Yeah. So there we've got a slight detriment or knockdown in our EBITDA. So we would have had slightly higher EBITDA margins and would have had 4% higher EBITDA on the quantum of dollars as well. So again not your question, I do think we've got an opportunity from a marketing perspective all else equal with a strong dollar sending U.S. residents or Americans into Europe, but there's also some adjustments or some impacts to this quarter as well.
Jed Kelly: Thank you.
Eric Hart: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's call. You may now disconnect your lines. And have a nice day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-02 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Expedia Group Q1 2022 Financial Results Teleconference. My name is Jason and I will be your operator for todays call. [Operator Instructions] For opening remarks, I will turn the call over to our IR Director, Jon Charbonneau. Please go ahead. Sorry about that.
Jon Charbonneau: Great. Good afternoon and welcome to Expedia Groups financial results conference call for the first quarter ended March 31, 2022. I am pleased to be joined on the call today by our CEO, Peter Kern; and our CFO, Eric Hart. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects managements view as of today, May 2, 2022 only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on todays call are forward-looking typically preceded by words such as we plan, we expect, we believe, we anticipate, we are optimistic or confident that or similar statements. Please refer to todays earnings release and the companys filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You will find reconciliation of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the companys Investor Relations website at ir.expediagroup.com. And I encourage you to consistently visit our IR website for other important information. Unless otherwise stated, any reference to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense and technology and content expense exclude stock-based compensation. And with that, let me turn the call over to Peter.
Peter Kern: Thank you, Jon. Good afternoon, everybody and apologies in advance. Eric and I are both recovering from cold. So, our voices may not be as loud as normal, but we will do our best and please ask for clarification on anything you cant hear. Let me start by saying we were pleased with the quarter. We continue to see strong demand coming back. We continue to see efficiencies in the business. And in general, it pretty much had the shape we expected, which is to say that we had  we went into the quarter with Omicron looming. Last quarter, we mentioned that we expected that to have some impact early in the quarter, which it did. But very  we are very pleased that demand came back post-Omicron and Omicron hasnt lived up to sort of our expectations, which were  that it would be the shortest wave. It would be the least impactful. And I think as we now go into BA2 and other things we are seeing, its really hard to even detect the blips anymore. So thats great to see. We also then were hit with the war in Ukraine, which did have some impact on the EMEA markets. But again, the market  the consumers seem to absorb that information and now EMEA is back to its highest levels since COVID hit. So again, we have seen these impacts. But in each case, a recovery that seems too strong to be held down. So, the recovery has been strong. And nicely, we have seen it beyond just domestic travel, which of course have been the bright spot for a long time during COVID. We are now starting to see city business pickup, business travel pickup, international travel vectors pickup. So  and I would say, broadly, while some geography lag, all geographies are, in general, growing and returning. So despite the usual caveats for COVID, now a rising inflation to worry about and of course, the geopolitical situation, the pent-up demand thats out there for travel seems to be outweighing anything the market can throw at it and we continue to be feeling very good about a summer recovery that should be very robust. And as I have said before, we have been spending into that recovery, particularly with an eye towards driving long-term customer engagement, buying the right customers, having the right mix of marketing to attract direct and long-term valuable customers. So, with an eye towards lifetime value, we are investing into that strong recovery and we will continue to do so. As an example, our teams have done a great job of driving Vrbo and app downloads. Vrbo, according to our third-party data from a company called Sensor Tower, was the number one downloaded app in North America in the first quarter of the year and thats a place where we have had emphasis. Obviously, our emphasis will change through the year and we will push into our other brands as well. But app particularly is a place where we feel like there is a lot of long-term customer value. We are improving that product dramatically and we think thats a great place to put capital right now. Importantly, our direct-to-consumer business, known part of the business and we have our big EXPLORE event coming up over the next few days in Las Vegas, where I am right now and I am pleased to say it is packed and the business seems to be booming at the hotels. But that event is with our business partners, all our supply partners as well as many partners with whom we drive demand. And I have talked about this a little bit before, but we have a thriving B2B business. I havent spent a lot of time on it, but this is the week where we will now come out and display all the work we have done to re-imagine the future of our business and our place in the travel ecosystem and what we have been doing for the last 2 years. So we are going to share that with our partners with general focus on overall traveler experience, how we are rethinking our marketplace and how our platform technology will not only drive our B2C business, but will enable our partners to do much more with their own businesses. And even though I havent spent a ton of time talking about, I just want to reframe that our B2B business is a terrific business was before COVID remains a strong business and we have made a lot of progress during the time of COVID to continue to expand that business, including one example, which is optimized distribution, which I think I have touched on before, but this is a product that we started in partnership with Marriott. We now just had IHG joined this year, so two of the largest global hoteliers in the world as well as many others, testing on it. And what it does essentially is it cleans up the wholesale business for these partners. So, wholesale rates have been a huge issue in the meta universe. They get bled out into the world and then find their way back into meta and they end up hurting hotel companies, because there are prices out there that are under the brand.com prices. We created technology to vote this and basically help our partners get the same B2B business and more in the wholesale markets, but do it in a way where their prices would be protected and they have  and they make sure they werent undercut by their own prices out in the world. So, its been a hugely successful program for Marriott, now IHG. Again, we hope many more partners will take advantage of the technology. But thats just one example of the many things we are working on, talked about externalizing our technology before. We have had a white label template in a lot of ways where our partners can sell other products. We have airlines with whom we power packages and hotel packs. We recently added Delta to power their car path. We have expanded our offline travel agent business and our share of wallet with our API partners. So, its a great business. We see expansion for it. And as we will talk about a lot more this week at EXPLORE, we have a lot more ways we think to help our partners and expand the addressable market there. So as we move into that, we will continue to accelerate innovation in our platform and that innovation will drive not only our B2C business, but also our B2B business. And thats why we are so excited about how we are rebuilding our platform. But all-in, we expect 22 to show continued recovery. We expect a robust summer. We expect to continue to drive efficiencies through the business. And the real work this year is on delivery, on delivering on the brand work we have done, which looks great so far. We are rolling out new Hotels.com brand work right now and I think the brands teams have done remarkable work. We have got a lot of new product innovation coming this year and we are doing a ton of work on the back-end platform. So, all of those things will be rolling out this year and will have some impact on this year, but really the impact is much longer term and we see great things ahead as those products all get delivered. So with that, I hope all of you to join us at EXPLORE. Its going to be a great event. Our team has worked their efforts off to put on an amazing event for close to 3,000 partners who are here. And if you cant make it, I invite you to watch the streaming and it should be really exciting. And its a chance for us to really display the work our teams have been working on for the last 2 years and all the pains taking time and effort they have put into changing our direction for the future. So with that, I will leave it to Eric.
Eric Hart: Great. Thanks, Peter and thanks, everyone for joining the call as well. While the first quarter did have some volatility, travel demand has proven resilient and I remain optimistic around server travel, as Peter mentioned as well. And with that, Id like to start by reminding everyone, this is the first quarter without any direct contribution from the Egencia business. As a reminder, we completed the sale of Egencia to AmEx GBT on November 1 and our EPS business entered into a 10-year lodging supply agreement with AmEx GBT. I will provide certain growth rates, excluding Egencia, which also excludes any contribution from the AmEx GBT deal in the first quarter. These pro forma numbers are intended and included to give you more visibility into the recovery or recovery and also our financial performance. Shifting now to bookings, overall, for the first quarter, total bookings for all products net of cancels, were down 17% versus first quarter 2019 or down 11%, excluding Egencia. This was a sequential improvement versus the down 25% we saw last quarter. Vrbo performed well during the quarter and continued above 2019 levels and our hotel business is rebounding with city and international travel coming back. While ARS still lagged lodging in the recovery, we saw improvement throughout the first quarter, which held in April. Again, this quarter, we are going to provide more details into our monthly booking trends. Our total lodging bookings, net of cancels, which includes Hotel and Vrbo, was down 11% in January versus 2019, up 8% in February, up 7% in March, and up approximately 10% in April. Now on to the P&L. Total revenue was down approximately 14% versus first quarter 2019 or down 10%, excluding Egencia, a slight improvement versus the 17% decline we saw last quarter. On sales and marketing, direct spend in the first quarter was roughly $1.2 billion, down 6% versus first quarter 2019 levels compared to the 12% decline last quarter. As we have mentioned and as Peter mentioned a few minutes ago, we will continue to spend into the recovery into Q2. Moving on, overhead costs, excluding Egencia, were up approximately $13 million versus fourth quarter 2021. Looking ahead, we expect a higher than normal annual compensation increases discussed last quarter, which took effect on April 1 will result in a notable sequential step up in the overhead cost in Q2. In total, adjusted EBITDA of $173 million roughly flat versus 2019 levels despite revenue still down 14%. Excluding Egencia, adjusted EBITDA grew by 14%, which suggests we are much more fully recovered than you can see from our reported numbers. On free cash flow  excuse me, totaled roughly $2.8 billion in the first quarter on a reported basis. Excluding the change in restricted cash, which is primarily driven by the change in Vrbos deferred merchant bookings, free cash flow was approximately $1.9 billion. In terms of the balance sheet, we are committed to our investment grade rating, reducing leverage and further reducing our cost of capital. We continue to take important steps toward this and as announced last quarter in March, we completed the early redemption of our $650 million Eurobond. This follows the full repayment of our preferred stock last year. And in total, we have repaid over $1.9 billion in debt since last May. And if current trends continue, we will actively look to further reduce leverage moving forward. Recently, we also entered into a new $2.5 billion revolving credit facility, which was a real positive outcome for the company. When compared to the old credit facility, it added $500 million of liquidity to the balance sheet and removed many of the restrictions we have been operating under during the pandemic. Overall, I am pleased with the financial performance in the first quarter and remain quite optimistic about the recovery heading into the summer travel season. And with that, we are ready with our  for our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Eric Sheridan with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks so much for taking the question. I hope you both feel better from being under the weather. Maybe two on the marketing side of the equation. Longer term, you guys are moving towards trying to align marketing dollars towards more brand, more direct-to-consumer. Can you give us an update on the progression you are making there beyond just the summer travel season in 22 and how to align those marketing dollars, where you want for the longer term? That would be number one. And number two, when you see things like the mobile app side of the business continue to take off, how much increased confidence you have in being able to mine the element of activity we are seeing ahead of summer 22 to again create higher ROI loops in 23 and beyond? Thanks so much.
Peter Kern: Yes. Thanks, Eric. I will take the first one first, which is, yes, we are  we believe we can drive over time more efficient return on our marketing dollars. And we do believe that places like brand and app present real opportunities. But the main idea is that we are trying to find and mine the best means of long-term return. I think we and the industry has been very transactionally focused and we havent been great historically at measuring lifetime value and the different value of different customers coming in through different channels. We are getting much better at that and finer at that and we will look to build the long-term high value customer base that has the repeat characteristics and the high lifetime value that we want to drive as opposed to just chasing transactions and hoping the rest takes care of itself. So, I think thats really the change. So, many of these areas offer opportunity, I mean, brand, we have always spent a lot on brand, but I would argue not always with the best creative, not always with the greatest impact, not always with a clear message. We are getting much, much better at that as the people we have added are driving great, great product there. And likewise, we have to improve the product, which goes to your second question, which is the higher ROI is really about not only bringing people in through the right channels, but its also having the right engaging products. So, all the work we are putting in to create a new app, which basically will be largely new over the course of this year and a number of other things we are doing to engage travelers. We are announcing a couple of new product features coming out this week at our event. So we are trying to create much higher engagement. Obviously, we would prefer it be through the app, all things being equal and then we can drive all those other channels, we will spend the money where we think we are getting the greatest return and we are driving those people into the right products. So, its hard to say where its going to balance out. I would say, until we get to more normalized times, its really hard to get a perfect read as compared to history in terms of percentages spent on X or Y or Z. But I would say our mindset is that we are looking for those veins, including app and many other things, where we believe we are driving the long-term customer  the type of customers and acquiring the type of customers that drive long-term value into business. Thats our approach.
Eric Hart: Yes. Just to add  this is Eric speaking, just around Peter mentioned the concept of our  the improved quality and performance on the brand spend side, there is also that  with a clear value proposition, a product that delivers against it and then the third prong that I would add to it as well is around our loyalty program. We previously announced that we will be launching that loyalty program. And these components then come together because ultimately we can acquire customers, give them a great experience, reward them for building a relationship with them, and then create an ongoing dialogue with the loyalty program. So thats obviously some of those components are still in development and relaunch, but thats another component that we move forward that we are excited about.
Eric Sheridan: Great. Thank you.
Eric Hart: Thank you for your question.
Operator: Our next question is from Lloyd Walmsley with UBS. Please proceed.
Lloyd Walmsley: Thanks. Two, if I can. First, just sticking on the marketing theme, what is the, I guess, the latest update on the effort to consolidate on the marketing data and operations? Are you finished the operational part of that effort? And any further clarity around the opportunity to drive better marketing returns at some point from just a more coordinated effort across brands? And then second one, you talked about the cost step up in overhead, you guys have flagged that last quarter as well. But can you help us understand how to think about that kind of fixed cost inflation rate? What is that on a kind of annualized basis and how does it flow into the P&L in 2Q and for the rest of the year? Thanks.
Peter Kern: Yes. Thanks, Lloyd. I will take the first one and Eric can take a crack at the second one. On the consolidation, we are a long way along in actually bringing together the data ops, algos and everything that goes to drive performance marketing. There is a long tail, obviously, because we are in lots of geos and lots of places that arent terribly impactful economically. But over time, we want to get much better in. So I would say we are a long way through that. As I mentioned before, getting that operationally right is great. Now, we have to test a lot of things to get the benefits you are referring to, which is how do we optimize for multi-brand, how do we optimize in different geos, etcetera. But the big heavy risk, I would say on the 80/20 rule, we are probably  we have gotten the big stuff. And now, its really about moving those tests through, as I just mentioned, finding these new veins, testing all these new veins, thats the critical work. And right now, we are seeing a lot of demand and we want to drive growth, not just to like historic levels with better margins, but higher growing levels with better margins, too. So we want to invest into growth. And if we see the opportunities with the right returns, we will do that. So I think I think we can drive better returns and better growth, and thats the goal. Again, the shape of the curve may change a little bit as we invest into these high-value lifetime value veins of opportunity. But we have the operational side, I think, a long way along. Its not perfect yet, but its a long way there. And now its just about testing everything and getting sharper on the readouts. And of course, these are not exactly normalized times yet. So some of the data is still  there are places in the world where we cant test yet because the recovery is not sufficient and so forth. So it will take us some time, but I think the big part of it is behind us.
Eric Hart: Well, thanks for the question. Ill take the second part of it. No worries, Peter. Ill take the second part of it. Thanks again for the question. So again, were not going to get into any specifics on what will necessarily flow through, but hopefully, a couple of framing will help you as we move forward. Just the first one is around the annual wage increase, again, just as a reminder, that is coming into or went into effect on April 1. So that will impact the second quarter. What I would do is I would go back and look at previous increases that youve seen us flow through in similar time lines in the past. And as we mentioned, there is a step up wage increases relative to prior years. So in effect, I would go and look at what that step up was, gross it up, if you will, and then take that throughout the year. And then secondly, we talked about this a bit last quarter as well, which is our high was in Q4 slower than we anticipated and would have liked. We did see some positive momentum in hiring in the first quarter and project that on in 2022 as well. So from an overhead perspective, I suspect that there will be some increases as we go through the year as we want to invest in our technology platform products and other areas of the business, as Peter has mentioned. So those are the two primary components that I would call out and the relative timing for [indiscernible]. Hopefully, thats something we look at [ph].
Lloyd Walmsley: Okay, thanks. Hope you guys feel better.
Peter Kern: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question is from Kevin Kopelman with Cowen & Company. Please proceed.
Kevin Kopelman: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Could you give us some more color on Vrbo and how its trending as the year goes on and maybe touch on the supply and Vrbo how thats growing, if you feel supply constrained? Thanks.
Peter Kern: Yes, sure. As Eric mentioned, Vrbo remains above  nicely above 2019 levels. We are somewhat sublicensing. We will certainly sell out of many of our top locations for this summer. Were already seeing that. That is where our focus on supply has been to add supply in the markets where we know were most constrained, and thats been really good in terms of when we add supply. We know we can move it and our suppliers get great outcomes and everybody wins. We havent had as much focus, though we are turning our attention to that now of the broader overall supply gains. And again, were going to stick to what we do well, which is whole home vacation areas not compete  were not going to pivot and go after cities, except if they are vacation cities essentially. So we are sticking to our main product line here and what we know works and what we know our travelers want. But I would say the answer is yes we are a little bit supply constrained. We could certainly move more supply in our most high-demand markets, but that is where our focus on supply has been, and we are kind of gearing up the machine more broadly to go after not just that, but more broad supply in places where we think it will now come back more globally.
Kevin Kopelman: Great. Thanks Peter. And a quick follow-up, if I could. Looking at the lodging recovery, its been pretty stable, improves a little bit February through to April. Underneath that, are we seeing Vrbo seasonality play out in that or is it just that its just been pretty stable?
Peter Kern: Yes. I would say Vrbo has been relatively stable. There is been some funkiness over COVID with month-to-month where demand has been high and because of where the waves were and other things. But I would say broadly Vrbos performance has been strong. Were seeing lots of new customers coming to the product. I think the first quarter, were around 50% of it was new customers. So were getting a lot of new customers. Were getting a lot of repeat, and were building that base of customers who have had great experiences with the product. So I think we feel like that will continue. Obviously, as hotel comes back more strongly, thats another mix factor that will potentially change where the strength is, but we think Vrbo will stay strong, just hotel will get better.
Kevin Kopelman: Great. Thanks Peter.
Peter Kern: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question comes from Deepak Mathivanan with Wolfe. Please proceed.
Deepak Mathivanan: Great. Thanks for taking the question. So first, just, Peter, I wanted to ask a little bit more about the last question. The cadence of accommodations bookings seems like somewhat flattened out between March and April around like high single digits, low double digits. Curious, any additional color you can add to that maybe geographically or maybe something specific? And then secondly, kind of related to that, I wanted to ask you how you think about the travel demand sensitivity to consumer spending levels and maybe other macro variables? It clearly doesnt seem like its an issue right now, but how do you think and even plan for second half, if cyclical trends start to become more impactful?
Peter Kern: Yes. I mean so far, let me take the second one first, Deepak. Id say so far, notwithstanding what we all read about or watch on NBC, so far, the macro economic environment has not appeared to have a noticeable impact on the recovery in travel. We could all make our hypotheses about people having  had lots of savings during the COVID, been underspent in leisure and hospitality. But people are spending into it. And our general assumption right now is that, that will continue and that perhaps as things get  as people feel the impact, they may downscale what they are trying to do for holiday or go to a cheaper alternative, but not that they wont travel. So we expect that demand to continue. Obviously, impossible to say long-term, what happens with inflation and everything else. But  and obviously, that could have an impact on ADRs, but ADRs, particularly in the middle and upper end of the market continue to be really, really strong. So there is no noticeable like, thats something really pivoted in the last few months. But of course, long-term, its hard to say. As far as bookings flattening out in April, again, challenging to say with the ups and downs of the various travel factors and whats going on in the world, we dont think there is anything to be much to be read into that. I think we feel good about where April is. It continues to show relative momentum, and we expect that to continue through the summer. So I wouldnt  at least, were not reading much into that right now. Its been bumpy all the way along, ups and downs and I think holidays and other things start to impact and back to work is starting to impact things. So we will see in another quarter, but I dont think that suggests anything that makes us perk our eyes up or get concerned.
Eric Hart: Deepak, Ill just  you used the word planning, so let me respond to that from a planning perspective. Generally, as you think about our marketing spend, a large percentage of that, of course, is on the performance of variable marketing side. We now have instrumentation, which weve talked a lot about that allows us to see on a real-time basis what that demand footprint is looking like, what the CPCs are looking like, where we can allocate capital across the different performance channels, different geographies, etcetera. So ultimately, we have the ability to see it in real time and ultimately make capital allocation decisions based on what were seeing. Of course, brand spend is a bit more batching. But at this point, what were seeing and everything that Peter just walked through, we continue to be optimistic about the summer and be at this point. And if that changes, then we will address how we think about investment in market if we need to. And I guess maybe the last comment is, weve dealt with a lot of volatility before over the last few years and built a lot of this implementation based on that. And so if things get more volatile, we will be in a position to make appropriate decisions in real time.
Deepak Mathivanan: Yes. No, makes a lot of sense. Thank you so much. Hope you will feel better.
Peter Kern: Thanks. Its what happens when you start traveling again and shaking peoples hands, youre bound to get a cold.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question is from Naved Khan with Truist. Please proceed.
Naved Khan: Yes. Thanks a lot. I just wanted to dig a little bit into the commentary on the new users on Vrbo. I think Peter you mentioned roughly 50% of the bookings came from the 50% of users will renew. Im just trying to figure out how are you trying  how are you getting the  how are you acquiring the new users? Are these through word of mouth? Or are these primarily through performance channels? Just any kind of color commentary would be helpful. The second question I had is just on the return or the  at least the improvement in urban and cross-border and business travel. Maybe can you give us some sense of how these bookings in these sub-segments and compare versus 2019 levels?
Peter Kern: Yes. Sure. Thanks, Naved. First on Vrbo, I would say, remember that we largely pulled out of performance in North America on Vrbo. We still use it in some other markets. But  so its not generally coming through performance marketing. Its coming through direct channels. But as you know, weve spent up considerably in brand marketing on Vrbo. We were in the pre-game show for the Super Bowl. Weve been aggressive there. Weve been aggressive in app marketing and some other vectors. So I think weve done really nicely there, and the team has been very effective in that. And again, I think Vrbo is becoming  as it has grown and grown through COVID, its just become more of a known and all the brand has landed finally, which the initial work on that 3 years ago was maybe not as good as it could have been. But over the course of COVID and with the benefit of better, bigger spending, weve done really well with it. So I think were just riding the momentum of all of that good work. As far as the return of urban and cross-border travel, I would say, its all directionally up and to the right in varying degrees. Big cities remain still considerably below where they were, but moving in the right direction, and were seeing those recoveries coming back. Were seeing some of the booking trends for summer in terms of big international city destinations, holiday destinations coming back. Cross-border, certainly domestic out of North America  sorry, cross-border out of North America has now recovered above 2019 levels. So again, thats not true for everywhere. Its not true for EMEA yet. Its not true for some other places, but certainly for APAC. But all markets are generally up and to the right, and all products are basically up and to the right. So it just depends how far behind kind of they started. So, business, big cities still a ways behind. But coming back, I think international will be the first to break out and come back to historic levels, and then we will see the other two categories follow.
Naved Khan: Yes, thank you.
Peter Kern: And of course, international is good for us. Thats a market, both in the U.S. and in EMEA where we tend to over index.
Naved Khan: Understood.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney with Evercore. Please proceed.
Mark Mahaney: Okay, thanks. Two questions, please. First, just we havent mentioned IDFA on this call. So just any quick commentary on whether you  the efficacy of your app marketing campaigns and whether you think youre back to parity or wasnt a major issue for you in the first place? And then I think, Peter, you talked a lot in the beginning about the B2B opportunity. I think click down a little bit more than you typically do. Can you just spend a little bit more time on helping us size that opportunity for Expedia versus the core market that youve been in? Just talk about the relative attractiveness of that opportunity. Thank you.
Peter Kern: Yes. Thanks. First off, easy one on the first one, it hasnt been a major issue for us. We werent probably where we wanted to be in app marketing before. Now were in a much better place. Weve been much more effective. And so far, IDFA has not had a material impact on  were ahead of where we were historically. So it hasnt been an issue for us. On B2B, thanks for the question, because its my favorite topic. I think this is an area of our business thats been underrated by the markets and is an opportunity  a significant opportunity for us. And weve talked about it before, but we power many of the biggest financial institutions in the world and their rewards programs where they have travel and power things like ARP membership travel all kinds of things like that. We have a huge base of offline travel agents, of regional players in regions where we dont play with our brands, who we power on and on and on. There is a bunch of interesting opportunities in fin-tech and other areas that are coming online. So we have had this traditional business, which has been about templates about giving people the access to our supply, so they can sell and still imagine, an airline sales of package with a hotel, etcetera. We are driving that hotel in that package very often. So there is all kinds of that business thats been down there. But historically, weve only been able to do it for the largest partners because it took a lot of bespoke work to do the  to get the integrations to work. But whats really exciting and what were all excited about is were rebuilding the platform now in a way where it will be much more self-service, much more able to go for the biggest down to the smallest partners so that anybody who wants to be in the travel business or any of our partners who want to sell incremental products or use our technology to drive incremental benefits to their business, we will be able to access it. And we think thats really going to dramatically enhance the potential size of the market. We have to deliver it. There is a lot of work still to do. But every day, as I talk about optimized distribution, we have more and more partners coming on to products like that. And these constitute really significant opportunities for us broadly. In 2019, our B2B business was very sizable. I dont think we broke it out, but it was significant and measured in the many, many billions of dollars of GBV and we see the opportunity to grow that significantly over time. And I would say we think our B2C business will accelerate beyond where it was growing historically, but we think the B2B business will accelerate even faster and we will outgrow, on a percentage basis, the B2C business for the next several years.
Mark Mahaney: Okay, thank you, Peter.
Peter Kern: You bet.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question comes from Justin Post with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Justin Post: Great. Thank you. A couple of questions on your monthly growth rates. If I average the first quarter, its around plus 1% or 2% for lodging and I think the total is minus 11%. So lets call it a gap 12 points or so. I think its been somewhat consistent for the last few quarters. Can that gap start to close as air recovers? And what other drivers are at that gap? And then the second question, it looks like growth is pretty stable on a monthly basis for the last 3 months. I guess I would expect a little bit better as international reopens, how did the comps look going forward from here over the summer? Thank you.
Eric Hart: Yes. Ill probably take both of them. So, on the first one yes, the way that you are dealing with illustrates on the CBD line that not all products have recovered at the same rate. Air does continue from a recovery standpoint for us. We have seen an acceleration, however, in air. As Peter went through a lot of the different intersections or vectors, I would add, to that one as well, we have seen that to start to recover as well. But its going to  it does hit a number of the intersections that are still, call it, behind where weve been benefiting from in the last few quarters, which of course, are U.S. verbal, etcetera, etcetera. So over the course of the year, wed expect for that air continue to come back as there are more planes in the air, as there are more international flights, etcetera. But there is some headwinds there as we all have heard from the airlines around staffing and other associated issues. What I would say here is the primary driver, as you pointed out. On the comps for the summer, I would say there is nothing particularly that I would call out. Obviously, there are a few months there where depending on what year youre comparing against. Vrbo had some particularly strong month. And if you go back to 2020 or maybe to 2019, but from a comp perspective, I think there is nothing over it.
Justin Post: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question comes from Tom Champion with Piper. Please proceed.
Tom Champion: Hi, good afternoon. Just curious if you could talk about international travel a little bit more. Domestic is entirely and exceeded 2019 levels on the revenue side for domestic travel. Just what do you think is kind of an appropriate time line or pace of recovery to get back to pre-pandemic levels on the revenue side? And then Eric, Im wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the balance sheet. It sounds like debt reduction is your focus for now. But just curious if there are any thresholds to keep in mind that youre looking to achieve before you shift back to buybacks or another use of cash? Thank you.
Peter Kern: Yes. Thanks, Tom. On the international front, as I mentioned, were already seeing, for example, out of North America, that international levels have recovered above 2019 levels, at least, on a dollar volume basis. So  but again, it is driven market by market. So EMEA trails that. APAC is far worse, and LatAm is in between. So the trajectory of when its all back and what is that  what is the  how does that comp over a normalized pre-COVID year. Its yes we had to do more with COVID than anything else. But I think as weve seen before, the bigger travel markets in the west have buoyed the category and particularly for us since weve concentrated more there. I think we could easily get to pre-COVID international levels of volume in dollar volume before the whole world recovers, but its a little hard to predict because without the whole world recovering, other areas have to over-index. So right now, we feel good about it. I mean norms our home market, and its great that it is leading the charge. But obviously, to really comp to prior periods in totality, we could use the rest of the world coming back a little more. But I expect its entirely possible that by the summer, we could be at levels. And again, mix would be different and some of it would have to do with dollar volumes and ADRs, but we could be at levels above where we were in 2019.
Eric Hart: And on the second part of your question, thanks for the question, Tom, around the balance sheet. I think you should assume and also have discussed in that we are having that conversation regularly when it comes to our balance sheet, our cash position, our debt position and ultimately, returning cash to shareholders in one form or another. As mentioned in numerous times, the investment grade rating is important to us. We are committed to staying investment grade that does require us to de-lever relative to where we are right now and also from an attractiveness standpoint of reducing our interest expense. And as we do that, we are then also contemplating what other capital returns would look like. I dont have anything to announce necessarily today. To guide you on the mile posts or whatever the  we are currently at 4.5x trailing EBITDA from a leverage perspective. Its a bit different on our current leverage ratio for our revolver, but thats our sort of headline number. And if you look at our historical level of leverage that was around 2.5x. And so I wouldnt necessarily state that 2.5, it was is a clear marker, if you will. So, that is certainly the order of magnitude that we are looking at from a get our debt down, get our debt leverage ratio down as that I think opens up the opportunities for capital returns in other forum. And also, remember that there is two primary ways that we can get that ratio down. One is paying down debt, which is something that we are actively thinking about and set growing into it from an EBIT standpoint. We do expect EBITDA to us as we get into this year as we get more fully recovered. And if trends continue, and we are certainly going to look at proving our ratios in this area to open up some more options for us.
Tom Champion: Thank you both.
Eric Hart: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question comes from Lee Horowitz from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Lee Horowitz: Great. Thanks for the question. Two, if I could. I will kind of strikes that the U.S. hotel business has grown increasingly competitive kind of through COVID and in recent months. I wonder if you can comment at all on what you are seeing from a competitive standpoint in the U.S. specifically, say, now versus the pre-COVID environment? And then maybe on take rates. With take rate this year being a function of both the pace of the overall industry recovery as well as the relative recovery rates of some of the products that we have talked about at this point, how do you think about how take rates may evolve in 22, say, relative to the levels we saw in 2019? Thanks so much.
Peter Kern: Yes. Maybe I could ask you Lee, in your first question, are you asking competitiveness between us and other players or the competitiveness between hotel? I am not sure I understand the question.
Lee Horowitz: No. I guess, between you and other players within the U.S. hotel market.
Peter Kern: Yes. I mean look, I think as we have talked about before, our main competitor has been highly aggressive. This is obviously a market where we are relatively dominant and they want more of the business. And we have talked about how COVID and the kind of changes in demand patterns were helping them and hurting us in terms of long-tail properties in smaller markets as against our relative strength in big cities and international travelers, etcetera. So, they are certainly focused on it and competitive. We always watch what they do. But I think we feel pretty good about our opportunity to continue to grow in the U.S. and obviously, we expect them to compete hard, but its our home market and we are strong here, and we think we have the tools we need to be competitive. And when demand patterns return to more normalcy, I think you will see that they were pretty much where we were. We may each make slightly different choices about where we think the long-term value is in customer base, but I dont think there is any  there is not really something to see there from our perspective right now. In terms of take rates, all I can say is that we have renewed a lot of deals throughout COVID. They have been good renewals, not big bites. And our take rates have been pretty consistent and held. So, I think there is no  the sky is falling. So, we cant pay anybody. And equally, I dont think its going the other way, but we are also building in more opportunities in places like air and things like that, where we think there is opportunity to help our partners sell more premium products, sell ancillary products with their air tickets. We historically have not really been able to sell things like seat assignments and bags and other things. And now that increasingly, we are direct connecting with airlines, we are now able to sell those things. And actually at EXPLORE this week, we will have a demo of a new product that we used to help shoppers shop smarter and pick the right product for themselves and its helping drive more premium products and attach rates. So, we have a lot of opportunity to do better there. We got to make it happen. But I think  but in terms of the core deals with our partners, I think we are in fine shape.
Lee Horowitz: Thanks so much.
Eric Hart: Yes. And just to add a quick comment on just around  yes. Just a reminder that Q1 take rate tends to be our seasonal low for the year. I think you can see that in Q1 relative to Q4 and some of our historical numbers. And so as you are modeling, we ensure that you are taking a look at the seasonal curve that we have experienced in the past and expect that curve to be similar this year than it has been.
Lee Horowitz: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question is from Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Brian Nowak: Great. Thanks for taking my questions guys. I have two. I appreciate the color about the monthly bookings trends versus 2019. I was wondering a lot of investor questions about this. Can you just help us understand a little bit where the core hotel business bookings trends are versus 19 even versus those 11, 8, 7 numbers you gave us so we have a better  a rough idea of how that business is doing through Vrbo and all the other pieces that go on in bookings. Thats the first one. And then second one, sort of a big picture question. You have a lot of improvements you have made in the site like there is a lot more improvements to come. Can you just talk to us about progress you have made around traffic conversion and where you still more low-hanging fruit opportunities? However, you look at it, whether its searches, conversions, app opens, etcetera? What are you seeing on the conversion front? And where do you see the biggest opportunities to kind of further fix that going forward? Thanks.
Peter Kern: Okay. Maybe I will take the second one first, and then Eric can give a little color on the first. But I would say  thanks, Brian. On the low-hanging fruit side, let me just kind of route everybody on where we have been, which is when you are re-architecting the whole platform and finally consolidating these different tech stacks and everything else, there is a lot of like foundational work that goes into that. And as a result, there is way less feature work and test and learning going on every moment of every day because you have got these big heavy lifts to move on to the same stack. In fact, this quarter, we have made huge progress in moving Hotels.com onto the Expedia stack, and we will be consolidating that over the coming months. And then those things unlock huge opportunities for us from an efficiency standpoint, from the opportunity to innovate across a wider breadth of travelers and we get more benefits to every traveler. So, we have just started to ramp up  ramp back up our sort of historical AB testing into conversion. And the exciting part is increasingly, we can do that with machine learning and not just with people designing different products. We have had a lot of wins. Some of the products we are rolling out of EXPLORER. We have  I mentioned the smart shopping idea where we are getting people to buy more premium products. All those things are helping with conversion and helping with, if you will, dollars per transaction and those kinds of issues. So, we are seeing it in a number of places. But I would say we are still like just reigniting that work because we have been so busy on foundational work. So, I think there is probably a lot of low-hanging fruit to be had. We do have some exciting products rolling, features rolling out this week, and we will continue to do that. But thats a few things. Its really the day-in, day-out AB test and machine learning, driving better conversion. Its really impactful when you get it right. And when you are not doing it, it certainly slows it down. So, I think there is a lot of opportunity, but I cant  I could give you 1,000. Its hard to give you two that are going to be the difference makers. Its a bunch of little things that make a difference. And we are in a much better place if you think about even just the Hotels.com example I gave you, we would have to test things on Hotels.com, test different things on Expedia, test other things on Vrbo, we will get to a place where we will be able to test everything across everything and thats just a much more impactful way to make change and drive better traveler outcomes and better conversion. So, thats what we are focused on, on that front.
Eric Hart: Yes. Just to add to that, and then I will take the first part of the question just around one of the things that I think Peter and I are so excited about is that we are starting to see some of the power of our data come through the use of machine learning on the site as well. We now have real models live on the site that is starting to drive more personalized experiences to our  for our travelers or customers. And what that ultimately means is you can imagine the entire site ultimately, as we work through it, we will be the team learning and the more that we know about customers more than we know about travelers. The more they sign up for our loyalty program, interact with our  interact and book with us that ultimately that we are able to provide more and more personalized service. Whats exciting is that we are seeing those models live and starting to see some good early returns from those. So, that would be one component that I would add to what Peter mentioned. On the core hotel side, I think on these two different components, I think we have talked about them a little bit already. One is ADRs are strong in the core hotel business. We are seeing that in the U.S. and in North America and other places as well. And then secondly, just around core hotel volume. We are not going into specifics necessarily between Vrbo and hotel, but we are seeing that vector of hotel in Peru across nearly or if not whole geographies. So, it had improved in the U.S. that continues to increase over that will continue to improve over the future and other. So, I think that the hotel business is much healthier as its been and are excited to continue for you to come.
Brian Nowak: Okay. Thank you both.
Peter Kern: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your question. Our next question comes from Jed Kelly with Oppenheimer. Please proceed.
Jed Kelly: Hi, great. Thanks for taking my questions. Just talking  just going back to some of the gains you made in customer service efficiencies, you have talked about on past calls. Can you give us an update on the progress there in terms of driving more leverage to the business? And then just this week at the EXPLORE conference, any update on providing on putting more Vrbo inventory on Brand Expedia or Hotels.com? Thank you.
Peter Kern: Yes. So, go ahead Eric.
Eric Hart: Yes. One on the  I will take the first question, and Peter, feel free to add any color and then you can take the second one. I think you will note number on our results this quarter as our cost of sales and  which was down pretty significantly relative to 2019, and thats driven by a number of different opportunities that lower headcount within that cost of sales across the revenue. Also, thats the use of technology as well. So, we just continue to add use case after use case in regards to using our communications, our learning and that type of opportunities with customers. And that results in a better customer experience. We are getting improved NPS scores while also driving more efficiency in the business as well. So, again, good results there. We can start to see those coming through the numbers as well. I do want to point out on the cost of sales side. There are a couple of other moving parts. And again, just for every identification cost of revenue across the sales consists of merchant fees, customer service, cloud fulfillment, which are largely volume driven. In the quarter, this was the first quarter where we did not have Egencia. And we did have Egencia for a month in Q4. So, when you are comparing against Q4, just remember that there was some of that Egencia came out. Another thing that we are seeing on the cost side, which is a great improvement as we have talked a lot about the number of complex calls that we are getting due to the COVID disruption. So, particularly on the air side, which are particularly difficult to manage, and we are starting to see this come down throughout the year and the quarter as well. We are getting  one is we are just cleaning them up. So, there are a few of them. We are getting better technology and we have some new technology thats being released around more automation where the traveler can manage their process. So, all good progress on the cost of sales side. And going forward, and of course, is influenced by seasonality, and we will see call center volume increasing in the summer again. At this point, we feel pretty good about the progress we are making.
Peter Kern: Yes. And I will just close on that point before I take the other one. As things normalize and we get out of these COVID tons, as Eric mentioned, all these old flight cancellations, there is a high  much higher propensity of flight cancellations still than there was pre-COVID and major disruptions like when we get to normalized then, we should see more benefit even than we have seen so far in our service economics. So, thats more to come, but should be good news. As far as the Vrbo on Expedia, etcetera, as I mentioned, we are consolidating the front-end platforms right now. We have come long way on Hotels.com. Vrbo is next to go for us. And when those things come together onto one front-end platform, its going to be a much, much, much better experience for all our customers coming through whatever channel they come through to get to book Vrbo content. And this is another place where our B2B business will benefit because we know we have many rewards programs and other places who want our Vrbo content. So, we will have yet again another way to drive demand through our B2B partners with products we havent always been able to deliver to them because of the complexity. So, this is a foundational thing we are doing. Its not so much about the tip of the spear, like can we put more properties on Expedia. Its really about merging those stacks and get them all on one front-end stack. And when we do that, which is coming this year, but still work to be done. That will free up a lot of opportunity for us to drive that and innovate around how that experience should work in terms of booking Vrbos through our other brands.
Jed Kelly: Thank you.
Peter Kern: Thank you.
Eric Hart: Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from Brian Fitzgerald with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Brian Fitzgerald: Thanks guys. We want to ask your view on some of the shifts in the regulatory landscape with DMA in the EU and some similar proposals elsewhere? It sounds like these could introduce some friction between Google Search and some of their vertical products like hotels. I am wondering if you could give us a view on how Google Hotel has impacted competition in search options. And if you are seeing lower volumes going to Google, Hotels Meta, if that could be a tailwind for your customer acquisition costs.
Peter Kern: Yes. Not so much. We havent seen the volumes really decrease. I think directionally, what the EU is trying to do makes sense, but it hasnt been very impactful. And there is a lot of debate going on with the commissioners about how to wrangle Google Meta and whether the industry has a view on whether its fair or not, but how the EU might go about and use generally been more aggressive than the U.S. in terms of regulation, but how they might go about trying to get Google to deliver a fairer marketplace. But so far, we have not seen any real reduction. Google Meta continues to be extremely strong and an important  obviously, therefore, an important place for all of us to have to deal with. So, I dont think we are going to see much change there, not yet.
Brian Fitzgerald: Great. Awesome. Thanks Peter.
Peter Kern: Thank you. And with that, I think that was our last question. I just want to be clear if  I think some of you might be able to make it or might be making to our EXPLORE conference if you can, I invite you, if you can to make time to watch it streamed or taped. We have been a little  because we have a lot of rollouts coming in terms of product delivery and some exciting things that are coming out. And I think if you get a chance, you will get a better understanding of what our B2B ambition is. But suffice it to say that we think this is an important time for us to pivot in the industry and really explain to the industry how we are going to be a different player in the market and an enabling player in the market, and we believe its going to allow us to expand the marketplace for our partners and ourselves dramatically. So, if you get a chance, please tune in. And otherwise, thank you all for your time, and we will talk to you in a quarter. Take care.
Operator: That concludes todays call. You may now disconnect your lines. Have a nice day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-10 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Expedia Group Q4 2021 Financial Results Teleconference. My name is Emily, and I will be the operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions]. For opening remarks, I will turn the call over to IR Director, Jon Charbonneau. Please go ahead.
Jon Charbonneau: Good afternoon, and welcome to Expedia Group's financial results conference call for the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2021. I am pleased to be joined on the call today by our CEO, Peter Kern; and our CFO, Eric Hart.  The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, February 10, 2020, only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking, typically preceded by work such as we plan, we expect, we believe, we anticipate, we are optimistic or confident that or similar statements. Please refer to today's earnings release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors, which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements.  You will find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the company's Investor Relations website at ir.expediagroup.com. And I encourage you to frequently visit our IR website for other important content.  Unless otherwise stated, any references to positive revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense and technology and content expense exclude stock-based compensation.  And with that, let me turn the call over to Peter.
Peter Kern: Thank you, Jon. Good afternoon, everybody, and thank you for joining us. Let me start off with a few broad comments about what we experienced in the fourth quarter, which I would say, even though we had to deal with a meaningful Omicron wave and a bunch of disruption in travel, and of course, that was not great for travelers worldwide, it was encouraging in many ways. And I think what we observed most notably is that the issues that involved were really issues of inconvenience. There were border shutdowns. There were planes out of service because pilots and crew were sick, things of that nature, but there was far less consumer fear over traveling. And really, it was an issue of the inconvenience of the health issues.  What we believe will come from this, presuming the next waves continue in ever lightening way, is that the world has essentially gotten accustomed to the pandemic. It will enter perhaps an endemic stage. And governments and industry, et cetera, will adapt much more easily as the next waves come, and in turn, this will continue to disrupt travel less and less. And certainly, the consumers have remained willing to travel throughout. And with the return of staff to the air and the relief of border issues, we are seeing a solid return to travel. Eric will take us through the numbers and the trends, but suffice it to say that we are pleased to see that bookings have strongly rebounded since opening, anywhere the Omicron has tapped out. And certainly, we're seeing that broadly across our biggest markets.  I've talked before about mix effects, and I won't belabor those, except to say it continues to be real. Certain areas are doing better than other areas, more challenged than other parts; geos -- certain geos are more difficult than others. But in general, we feel good that big cities have not recovered as much yet, and that is a good guide for us. International travel is still yet to return as strongly. That is another good guide for us. So we feel like directionally, the things that are -- will be coming back generally benefit us and we're looking forward to the days of those returns.  With that said, I'm not really prone to doing retrospectives, but we are starting to focus much more on the future of our business and what we're going to deliver instead of how we manage COVID day-to-day. And I thought it would be useful perhaps to just reflect on where we've been and where we've taken the company over the last couple of years since we entered COVID.  So first of all, the thing you've all observed and clearly have light is that we've been able to simplify and make the business more efficient. And it's easy to observe and it's important -- obviously, there are more important things to our long-term future, but I'll spend a minute on simplification.  We've been able to use our push for new technology solutions, our push to reorganize the company in a more single-goal fashion. We've optimized third-party spending and tools and many things, and we've become a much more efficient enterprise, in fact, today. And I should mention, as you know, we've also shut down or sold off certain businesses that we believed were noncore.  As a result of that, we're running the company now with roughly 10,000 fewer people than we were at the end of 2019, which is a great credit to the people who are here, who have driven a ton of hard work towards that goal of really running the company in a smarter, more efficient, better way.  So that's been the big push there. And I would say that as we still face challenges of hiring people. We're like all the tech companies, but we have had a great influx of terrific talent. I think that momentum is increasing. And that mix with the great talent we have has really created -- put us in a great position as we move forward. And as we start to move to really being focused on delivery of new tech, new experiences and improving the traveler experience as our core fundamental goal.  But as I say, efficiency is not the story here. Efficiency is a great thing we've been able to achieve, but the real story of our future is about what we're doing to drive the business forward.  So just to break that into a few parts. On the demand front, as you know, we've combined our multiple brands working in silos into one unified house of brands with a singular focus on driving travelers to the right product at the right time. This strategy is built on superior creative, making the brands make sense together, buying together in an efficient way and, of course, using performance marketing along with brand to really drive a more efficient way of bringing travelers into our universe.  We believe we are well on our way to that journey. Hope you enjoy our Super Bowl ads in a few days. I think they're terrific. But it is a unified strategy that's about really delivering end-to-end, a great demand generation strategy that is efficient and we believe can drive better outcomes in the future for us.  We also believe, as you know, that loyalty will play an important role, and we are bringing our loyalty programs together. And that will begin to take shape over the course of the year and I think, pay dividends for years and years to come, and we're excited about that.  On the technical front, now this has really been the heart and soul of what we've been working on, which is getting to a singular platform so that we can drive a velocity of innovation for travelers and for our partners and really take travel to the next iteration for the online app-based travel business.  We've been on this journey for a while. We've talked about how we're moving multiple stacks into a single stack. That's more than just like efficiency story or anything else. It's really about building it at a set of micro services with APIs that can be externalized and can more easily be used internally to drive these great outcomes for our travelers and our partners. And when I say travelers, I really mean all travelers because for the first time as we build this out, we will be able to create innovation in our stack that impacts all our travelers, our B2C travelers, our B2B travelers all in the same moment. So when we make an improvement in the checkout path or we make an improvement in the app, all those benefits will enure to the traveler wherever they come from, and it will be able to drive real impact instead of the siloed way we used to have to work our way through it.  So I think it's a really important step for both how we run our business, how much innovation and velocity we can bring to the travelers and partner experience, and frankly, just generally, how we innovate and drive the entire industry forward.  We're really excited about what's coming. It's a big year of delivery for us, but there are amazing things coming, we think, for the traveler, from the discovery elements to the service elements and everything in between. And again, that will enure to the benefit of all travelers in our ecosystem.  And finally, on the B2B side, which is really now an amalgamation of our B2B partners who drive demand and our partners who bring us supply, and more and more, we see that as one universe. We combined those teams into one group that essentially can have a 360 relationship with any partner, and therefore, any partner can benefit not only from selling into our platform, but also taking services out of our platform. And we think that approach is going to be really powerful. We've kept very close to our partners over the pandemic. Obviously, we've kind of shared challenges and opportunities. And we've renewed a lot of deals across lodging, air and car. And most of these deals have come with expanded capabilities where we've delivered more for our partners and we believe help them drive their own businesses to better outcomes.  We're excited about this partnership approach. It's no longer just about supply or just about can we drive them in, it's really about can we make our partners' businesses better, and we're keenly focused on that.  So to close, I'll just say we never count COVID out. We've dealt with a fair number of body blows over the last couple of years, but the industry has proven and resilient. I think demand has proven even more resilient, and we expect a significant rebound. And while we're excited to rise the rebound, the important thing for us is really delivery. We have to deliver on all the promises we've made about how we're going to improve the product, traveler experience and how we're going to continue to run an efficient and effective business.  And I would just say, ultimately, we believe in the reigniting of travel. We think we're going to play a central role in it. We're not intended to just sit back and ride it. We want to be important in driving the future of the industry. And we believe we can bring that not only to travelers, not only to our own business, but to the entire travel ecosystem, and that as well we will be focused on this year.  And with that, I will turn it over to Eric.
Eric Hart: Thanks, Peter, and thanks, everyone, for joining the call. I too am optimistic around the travel recovery this year. And along with Peter, I'm excited to see us deliver more for travelers and partners.  With that, I'd like to start by providing an update on booking trends. While we witnessed a notable pullback due to Omicron in December, which continued into January, I'm encouraged by the improvement we have seen in recent weeks.  Overall, in the fourth quarter, total gross bookings for all products, net of cancels, were down 25% versus Q4 of 2019, a slight sequential improvement versus third quarter. And when compared to 2019, we have continued to see a mix shift towards lodging, and more specifically Vrbo versus air. Given the continued volatility of the recovery due to Omicron, again this quarter, we are providing monthly detail on our total lodging bookings net of cancels, which includes hotel and Vrbo. For October, it was down 4% versus 2019. It was down 5% in November, 27% down in December, down 11% in January, with trends improving throughout January and with us up versus 2019 in the most recent weeks.  From a geography perspective, this improvement has been driven by the U.S., followed by EMEA, while APAC and LatAm are lagging.  Now on to the P&L. Total revenue was down 17% versus Q4 2019, roughly the same level of decline we saw last quarter. As a reminder, we closed the Egencia deal on November 1. In the quarter, Egencia contributed $29 million in revenue. Note this does not include revenue tied to the 10-year lodging supply agreement our EPS business entered into with GBT.  Revenue margin for the fourth quarter was 13%, down from 16% last quarter, largely due to typical seasonality. On sales and marketing, direct spend in Q4 was roughly $875 million, down 12% versus Q4 2019 levels compared to 19% decline last quarter. As you know, Q1 is a seasonal low point for EBITDA given the timing disconnect between higher marketing expense ahead of summer travel and lower stayed room nights in Q1. And this timing impact could be further amplified this year due to lower sales in Q1 due to Omicron and our spending into the recovery based on the recent improvements in trends we're observing.  Moving on, overhead costs, excluding Egencia, in both periods was up $23 million versus Q3 2021, primarily driven by the lower ability to capitalize labor in the fourth quarter. Looking ahead to this year, as we compete for great talent, we anticipate higher-than-normal annual compensation increases, which take effect on April 1.  In total, adjusted EBITDA was $479 million, up $1 million versus 2019 levels despite revenue down 17%. This marked the third consecutive quarter of positive adjusted EBITDA and our highest Q4 EBITDA ever. And I believe the fourth quarter performance further illustrates how we are running a much more efficient business versus prior to the pandemic.  On to free cash flow, which totaled roughly $142 million in Q4 on a reported basis. Excluding the change in restricted cash, which is primarily driven by the change in Vrbo's deferred merchant bookings, free cash flow was $35 million.  Now shifting to the balance sheet. In 2021, our debt refinancing yielded approximately $80 million in annual interest expense savings, and paying off the full $1.2 billion in preferred stock last year saves us approximately $115 million in annual dividend payments -- payouts. More recently, we informed the holders of our 650 million eurobond last week of our intention to pay off the notes at the beginning of March, which is 3 months ahead of their maturity date. This allows us to save approximately $5 million in net interest expense this year or $19 million annually while also improving our leverage ratios. Overall, we are pleased to have maintained our investment-grade rating through the pandemic and remain committed to deleveraging while also looking for ways to further reduce our cost of capital.  In closing, despite the continued impact of pandemic in 2021 and most recently from Omicron, I'm encouraged by the continued progress made last year to reshape the company to further improve our financial position going forward. As mentioned, I am optimistic about the travel recovery this year and excited to see how this year unfolds for the company.  With that, Emily, we are ready for our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today comes from the line of Kevin Kopelman from Cowen and Company.
Kevin Kopelman: First, I want to ask about the loyalty program. Can you give us more details on when you expect to roll out the consolidated loyalty program, how that might change? And if you can give us a sense of how important your loyalty programs are today and maybe where they could go.
Peter Kern: Yes. Thanks, Kevin. Well, I'll say a couple of things. First, this is an ongoing effort. As recently this quarter, we just revamped our Expedia loyalty program to create a construct that we think is better for travelers and kind of directionally in where we're headed more broadly for a loyalty program. But there is a lot of migration going on. We're migrating the old stack, as I talked about. We're migrating the brand front ends onto one set of rails. And we are rebuilding our loyalty platform to accommodate one broad loyalty construct that can serve all the different brands.  And so the big difference that's coming is really that the loyalty program will cover all our brands, all our products, and you'll be able to earn and burn across all of them, which is a great innovation. All the research shows that it's the most important thing to customers is having the breadth of products. And so we think it's going to be a great win for them. All the details are still being worked out on exactly how that policy and planning will work, although I think the Expedia construct is more or less in line with where we're headed in terms of how points work, et cetera.  But it will take the better part of this year to get all those pieces lined up. And of course, a rollout of the loyalty program, including converting loyalty people over from one to another and adding it to front ends that haven't had it in all of those pieces, it's not just like you flip one switch. It's a switch after switch after switch.  So I think it will take us the better part of this year to be -- really have the product where we want it and be starting to convert everybody over to it. But -- so I think next year will be the big impact here of the whole stickiness and totality of loyalty. But I think it's a big year for us as we build into it. And hopefully, we'll be moving some of the program over that in the course of this year.
Kevin Kopelman: And if I could just ask about the latest trends. You noted that lodging is now up in the last week versus 2019. Can you talk about how that might play out given cities haven't fully come back yet and international travel is still certainly not fully back given the restrictions are not up yet?
Peter Kern: Yes, sure. Well, I think, look, there's a lot of benefit in that for us in the sense that historically, big cities and international have been an area of strength for us relative to some of what we've seen during COVID like domestic travel into tertiary markets, et cetera, which have been historically weak.  On the other hand, we benefited greatly. Vrbo has been super strong. It's benefited from the leisure travel and the longer-term travel of vacation around, some people liking that during COVID where they can isolate with their families, et cetera. So it's a little tricky to predict. But I would say broadly, the stuff that's left to come in many ways favors our strongest areas. So I think that's positive. But the mixes have been hard to predict over time. And so I don't want to get too -- get too much into prognosticating, but I think we've got some good runway ahead in where the puck is going. Mixed 2 metaphors there. But -- and we feel good about that. You never know what the back-end unintended consequences are, but I think being positive now and with everything that's left to come is making us feel pretty good.
Operator: Our next question today comes from the line of Naved Khan from Truist Securities.
Naved Khan: Great. Two questions, please. Maybe just one on the comeback in travel. As it continues to build in '22, how do you see the mix of direct versus paid traffic coming to your platform? Can you maybe just touch on the opportunities between the different levers that you have to pull between CRM versus branding versus performance channels?  And then maybe just another one on capital allocation. So you continue to deleverage and also you have kind of gotten preferred out. How do you kind of see the scope for M&A opportunities here and maybe other use of capital, like share buyback? Just maybe talk about that a little bit.
Peter Kern: Sure. I'll go first and be able to come back in travel. I think -- I'm glad you mentioned CRM. We have so much opportunity to improve our direct relationship with consumers. We've historically fished out of the big ponds of Google and Meta, et cetera, and brought customers in, and candidly, not done a good enough job in retaining those customers and making it sticky and making sure the experience is good.  We are keenly focused on bringing travelers in now, making sure they enjoy all the benefits of what we have to provide, member pricing, loyalty, et cetera, and that they get a better app experience, better CRM which we are rebuilding like everything else. And we really focus on retaining them and keep them coming back as often as possible directly. It doesn't mean we don't expect to use performance marketing in all the usual channels, but we want to be able to derive much more long-term value from those customers we acquire and then in turn keep.  So we hope very greatly that the denominator will be expanding. We'll just be bringing in more travelers, and that more and more of them, we will be able to create direct relationships where they are coming back. They recognize the benefits we give them in price and service, discovery and everything else. Obviously, there's more to come there because as the products improve and the experience improves, it all gets easier and that flywheel presumably turns faster. But that is our focus, and that is what we hope to derive from this. We're not projecting what percentage will be what, but it is very closely tied to all the work we are doing to drive the traveler experience.
Eric Hart: Great. And I'll take the second part of the question around capital allocation. I know we've talked about it in previous quarters and I think our message remains the same. We are keenly focused on cleaning up our balance sheet, if you will, given the disruption that we've experienced over the last couple of years. That includes delevering the business. We've talked about the preferreds that we paid off. We've talked about the Eurobond we're paying off, and we're going to continue down the path of delevering which, of course, can take the form of growth in the underlying EBITDA, but also -- and pay down debt as appropriate.  We want to lower the cost of capital as well. In my prepared remarks, I talked about a couple of areas where we are quite significantly reduced the cash flow required to service, whether it's the preferreds or different debt instruments. We're keenly focused on maintaining investment grade and quite proud that we've been able to do that over the last couple of years given the amount of disruption that we've had. And then a slight other lens on that as well is, if Peter's talking about the growth opportunities ahead of us and the opportunity for the company and want to make sure that we are enabling that as best we can so that we can go as fast as we can in achieving that vision.  Specifically on 2 components that you mentioned on M&A. We're always open for business. Even during the heart of COVID, we were open for -- to business to a certain extent, but obviously, that wasn't necessarily the right opportunity or the right time as things coming up, but we are looking at different opportunities opportunistically and a few themes that we're thinking about.  And then on buybacks, I think you can look at our long history. It's something that we have done regularly and consistently. I fully suspect that we will get back to that at the right time and something that we will think about over the coming months. But again, we're going to observe COVID. We're going to clean up the balance sheet, if you will, and all the components that I've talked about, that's where we're focused right now.
Peter Kern: Yes. And I would just add just to close that one out that on the M&A front, we're much more focused. It has to fit with our long-term strategy, our platform strategy. It has to integrate. We're not going to be just buying things because they're good deals, we're going to buy things that fit our long-term strategy to drive what we're trying to drive if we buy it.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Eric Sheridan from Goldman Sachs.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe just teasing out more on the capital allocation front, but bringing it back to margins. Peter, Eric, can you help frame for us -- I know you've laid out before that you've exited sort of the efficiency program that you laid out from a couple of years ago. And there's obviously investments against your ambition you feel you need to make in '22 and '23 to capture some of that growth.  But how should investors think about elements of where there is leverage driven by volume that can flow through the model over the next 12 to 24 months versus areas where you want to take incremental margin or incremental leverage and invest it back because you're playing sort of the long game over the next 3 to 5 years against the bigger travel opportunity? Just some of the variables that could flex margin leverage one way or another in the next 24 months.
Peter Kern: Sure. Thanks, Eric, and I hope you're well as well. We -- the way I think you should think about it is this, we have -- as I mentioned, there's a lot of work still going on in building the platform to getting the platform right. When those things are right, they will drive further efficiencies.  So when you say we've exited the program, it wasn't like a program with a goal that we ended and said we're finished. This is an ongoing drive for us to create the most efficient enterprise we can, which is not about taking people out, it's about being efficient in how we work, what we work on, how technology aids us, et cetera. There are lots of places where, for example, I'll give you one, service. We continue to build the best service technology, I believe, in the industry and scale it consistently. We are building skills across the enterprise, so the customer is getting service their own issues themselves and easily. It's an ongoing process. But the benefit of the efficiency borne of those improvements has not really been seen because COVID has had this enormously elevated service demand on the industry. So as we normalize out to historical propensities for service calls, et cetera, et cetera, there is real benefit down the road on how we do that.  Now you alluded to there are places we are "investing" in. I mean that is really just our way of saying we are pushing to drive this innovation and drive us across these bridges as quickly as we can. And if we have -- if we need to invest more in people and resources to drive some of this innovation, we will do it. But the innovation in and of itself will drive incremental efficiency.  So I don't think this is a long-term like -- this is a long-term sideways to down -- or I should say, expanding margin story, we believe, driven by the technical efficiencies that the product will drive. And if there's some bumps in the road as we get there, we have to flex up to drive on innovation faster, we may do that because we think it's the right thing for the traveler and for our partners. But overall, there's still much more opportunity to become more efficient over time for margins to expand, and we believe that's what we will continue to drive towards.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Lloyd Walmsley from UBS.
Lloyd Walmsley: Two questions, if I can. First, any update on just the marketing integration consolidating data and ops into a unified group, like any early learnings there? And then secondly, can you kind of help us parse out the strong ADR growth? Like how much of that is a function of HomeAway growing in the mix? And I guess, more importantly, like what are the puts and takes of how you see ADRs migrating over the course of the year? Like is this still a big tailwind because like-for-like channel pricing is going up? Or there's like a shift back to core hotel to offset that? Like how do we think about ADRs over the course of the year?
Peter Kern: Thanks, Lloyd. I'll take the first part. And by the way, watch the Vrbo ad this weekend. So you start saying Vrbo instead of HomeAway. But the -- on the marketing integration, we've made a lot of progress in moving along on the marketing integration and the data and analytics and measurement, et cetera. I'd say we're virtually all the way there, not quite all the way there, and the learnings have been coming.  Eric and I see reports weekly about where we're winning, where we're learning things where we're testing things. There's no silver bullet, like "Oh, we found this, and it's going to win everything." It's really a game of 1,000 different wheel tests across 100 geos across 5 product groups, et cetera, et cetera.  So all of it is incrementally getting there. We're feeling quite positive about a number of things we've been testing and learning. We'll push heavily into mobile and other areas where we found the opportunity. We're pushing into new products, in social products and other things where we found opportunity that is sort of tantamount to performance marketing in certain ways. So there's a lot of interesting learnings going.  The reality is until things normalize, it's going to be really hard to measure us on this because you can't see what normal is anymore. And even for us, it's hard to see what normal is. And a lot of these new tests, new algorithms are learning on these very volatile traffic patterns because of COVID, et cetera.  So I think we feel good about the technical progress the teams are making about the way they've plotted out their course of learning and testing. And there's no question it will inure to our benefit. But being able to identify a single thing or a single win or how to quantify it is really hard to do at this moment. So I think you have to wait for the collective good to roll through our P&L, and hopefully, you'll see it as things normalize.
Eric Hart: And on the ADR side, I'll give a sense for a look back and then a look forward. Obviously, I won't go into the details, but to help you frame it. When you think about the historic -- core ADRs, they continue to be strong across both hotel and Vrbo. I think you can see that across some of the other industry companies or metrics. And then our mix, in particular, has benefited from more weighting to the U.S., more weighting to Vrbo, more weighting to vacation destinations where there typically are higher ADRs. So our high ADR performance, if you will, is a mix of both core ADRs and the mix that we've had over the last quarter and prior to that as well.  Moving forward, we do expect core ADRs to remain strong. We think this is going to be a strong rebound travel year. We obviously have lots of bookings already going into the summer period where we can see the ADRs are holding up quite well. And -- but I do think you need to look at when you look at the -- take the core into the projection of our business. Presuming some of our other areas of our business come back, it's still going to be a mix. We're going to go into some primary markets that have some higher ADRs. We're also going to mix into Europe a bit more, particularly APAC when it starts rebounding, LatAm, so on and so forth, more in the hotel and presumably Vrbo, not predicting any degradation in Vrbo but just from a mix perspective. And so as you project that ADR for us, I expect that will normalize to a certain extent over time. But again, it's on the back of 4 underlying strong medias.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Post from Bank of America.
Justin Post: Great. First question, can you help us at all with summer booking pacings, whether lodging or in total, versus either '19 or last year?  And then second, I don't know if you can help us at all, but just thinking about Vrbo as a percent of the total. I imagine it's grown a lot over the last couple of years. But if you could help us think about where that could be today.
Peter Kern: Yes, I'll take that one. Thanks for the question, Justin. So Vrbo continues to perform well overall. We see strength against 2019. We see strength against 2021. Obviously, I'm not going to go into the specific details of those, but the brand and the product category are both doing quite well.  When you asked about summer bookings or pacing, we're seeing ourselves up against both of those time periods that I just mentioned, both 2019 and 2021. So it's not only that the category is slowing up, but I think it continues to win share, if you will, in this market.  Hotel on the other side is recovering. It's not quite at the levels that we would have seen in the past. We suspect if the recovery continues that there'll be a catch-up somewhere along the line, we don't know.
Operator: Our next question comes from Deepak Mathivanan from Wolfe Research.
Deepak Mathivanan: Great. Just a couple of ones. Can you talk about the hiring plans and head count levels for 2022? Do you feel like you're in a good position with respect to head count right now and generally well prepared for demand recovery across various products? Are there also any notable wage inflationary trends that you're seeing currently?  And then second question on variable marketing efficiencies on the direct marketing side, can you help us maybe in a qualitative way to kind of understand how much efficiencies you're seeing on the direct marketing side because of all the brand rationalization efforts and things you have done in the last couple of years? It's kind of easy to see the fixed cost savings. But given the moving pieces of the business, particularly due to geographical mix and product mix, it's a little bit kind of tricky to see the direct marketing efficiencies that you're seeing. So maybe you can qualitative to touch on that, that would be great.
Peter Kern: Yes. Thanks, Deepak. I'm glad you find it tricky, too. We also do given everything that's moving around. And as I mentioned, it's one of the challenges in trying to quantify for you or anyone or ourselves exactly how much progress we've made in terms of marketing efficiencies because the traffic patterns are so volatile, mix is so different, et cetera.  I mean you just take something like air as an example, the air market has changed considerably. It's largely domestic, very relatively international. We've historically been strong in international. We've improved how we're approaching it, as you say, across our brands. We've consolidated spend. We've learned a lot about the multi-brand approach, but it hasn't really paid off yet in, for example, international air because there's just not much of it.  So the short answer is, we made a huge amount of progress as I said, in terms of tools, in terms of data, in terms of insights, in terms of being able to test and learn across a much broader swath of our enterprise. But being able to quantify really how much better it is in basis points or something that would give you a projectable marketing efficiency is still very challenging.  We believe it's much better. We believe we are in a much better positioned to capitalize on the future state of normalcy. But there's no question the tools and the capabilities are in a much better place, but we have to pay that off and demonstrate it to the world and ourselves. And it's in process, but it's going.  So I think we feel very good, but we acknowledge it's difficult for you all to see it. And we're just going to have to wait for things to normalize, so you can see the benefit.
Eric Hart: And I'll take -- thanks for the question, Deepak. I'll take the first part on the hiring plan. And I'm going to expand your question so just more overall from an overhead perspective and just perhaps help a bit on some of the moving parts as you look into next year and to help you model it out.  I think first off, in Q4, we were a bit lighter on expected people costs. We do have plans to continue hiring around some of our initiatives as we go into next year we want to if -- do recall that we had 1 month of Egencia in Q4. So that was something that you would want to model out, which I discussed in my remarks.  Our T&E discretionary, et cetera, continues to be lower than once we start getting back into normal business travel in whatever form or shape that takes, et cetera, going forward.  On your question on wage inflation, as I mentioned earlier, I do expect that we will have higher-than-expected compensation increases this year. And again, as a reminder, this will go in on April 1.  And as we talked about on previous calls, there are some investments that we are making in the business. We are excited about a number of different opportunities to accelerate the growth in a number of different areas. Of course, we're being prudent, very positive ROI, going to track those relentlessly along the way, but that could increase to a certain extent as well. Hopefully, that helps you.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Stephen Ju from Credit Suisse.
Stephen Ju: Okay. So I think it's been some time since we've seen these types of metrics, but anything you can share in terms of what percent of the Vrbo inventory has now been integrated into Brand Expedia and the other outlets? I mean, ultimately, you want to present the traveler with more choice and improve the overall shopping experience. I think the last time we talked about this, you guys are still kind of in the experimental phase and trying to see how much of a better shopping experience you could drive. But sort of any sort of perspective on that would be helpful.
Peter Kern: Yes, sure. Thanks, Stephen. I would say we are still building to it. It is a core part of our plan. And by the way, it's not simply so that we can provide it to our own travelers. It's also so that we can provide it to our B2B partners so that they can provide it to their travelers. So it's a quite interesting and substantial opportunity, we believe.  We do have it integrated. It's not a great integration, but we do have it integrated into Expedia and Hotels.com. The issue has been, it only works among other things, not being a great product experience is what -- the main thing we have to fix. But also, it does not have an approach that works for the properties that you have to reserve and then we have to -- they're not instant, the ones where we have to go to the owners and see if they are located for the booking. That is a construct. That is not part of what is currently possible in the Expedia brand or the Hotels.com brand, et cetera.  So it's kind of a 2-part thing. One is we want to improve the product experience for the traveler and make it a better integration, make it easier to book, make the content more usable, easier to understand, so the travelers can make the decisions. And then we want to expand the universe of the type of properties that can be available through those pipes. And that is where the big -- where another big expansion and the idea comes.  Those are both in the works. They will take some time. I would say they're not our highest priority, but they're far from our lowest priority. They're big, important thing. We have teams working on it, and we will -- we expect to continue to see improvement.  We have a lot happening on the front end of the product this year in terms of integrating a number of our brands to the same front-end rails and a lot of opportunity to improve those experiences and roll out a new construct, et cetera. So all of those -- you have to obviously, I don't know, operations question, but as those things roll out, this experience will get better and better, and we believe will become a bigger feature of the business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mario Lu from Barclays.
Mario Lu: First one on cancellation rates. I believe the lodging numbers you provided earlier was [indiscernible]. So I was just curious, was it much higher in 4Q and early in 1Q due to Omicron? And if so, do you think those that cancel could potentially be a tailwind to future bookings?
Eric Hart: On cancellation rates, as you read more in the newspaper, generally, the cancellation rates go up. So yes, we saw cancellation rates go up and particularly in the December time period and the early part of January when Omicron was impacting the business as some people didn't necessarily feel safe and comfortable traveling, and we certainly saw cancellations increase.  If I extend to a longer period of time, obviously, if you go back to 2020, cancellation rates went up exceedingly. They were coming down over time, still elevated relative to historical levels. Just safety concerns people come down with COVID individually and can't travel, whatever else, again, saw it spike up in December and then coming back down again. Following a similar path to what I was just mentioning on the [indiscernible].  On the tail end of future bookings, I think you're asking the level of pent-up demand or how many people would postpone, will they rebook if they cancel. I think that's hard to tell. But I would say, just generally speaking, I think everyone feels in a similar way, which is when people can travel, they are going to travel and they're going to travel quite consistently throughout the year if they're able to do so, maybe more than they have in the past. So rebook, if you will, but only time will tell. But I would say we're certainly optimistic.
Mario Lu: Great. And then just second question in terms of remote work and longer duration stay, the lodging side of business. Have you guys seen that kind of drive bookings already at Vrbo or even the core business? And then how long is the opportunity do you think that is in the long term?
Peter Kern: Yes. This hasn't been a big theme for us. You've probably noticed on our call. I know some others have a different view of that. It's an interesting thesis and certainly as people have more flexibility to travel, we hope they fill up their flexible time with travel.  In terms of Vrbo, we haven't quite seen the distortion. We've heard others talk about in terms of long stays or things like that. It's moved somewhat, but it's not as noticeable for us. And I think it's an interesting and good potential tailwind if people have more time to travel. But we'll see when people get back to work. We'll see when schools back in, et cetera, how much flexibility everybody gets.  We don't think it matters. We think there's tons of pent-up demand, as Eric says. And if there's more days to be away, terrific. That will be good for us. And I think that will be selective, but a good general trend on some portion of society, and we're looking forward to that.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Lee from Mizuho.
James Lee: Great. So it looks like everybody is expecting normalized travel trends with the mix shift to urban and international markets. And Peter, I was hoping you could comment on this. If home accommodation continues to gain traction in urban markets, how do you feel about your supply in Vrbo? Any plans to increase ahead of demand?  And I guess my second question relating to maybe additional levers in improving efficiency. I know you guys may have talked about this in the past. Will you consider consolidating all your hotel brands under Expedia?
Peter Kern: Thanks, James. Appreciate the questions. I think on the first question, which is supply in major cities for Vrbo, it's never been a great strategy of ours. It's never been a huge focus of ours. We do have some in some big international cities. Again, I think much less for the one-night stay kind of thing and much more for the family vacation, that sort of thing. We think there's opportunity there, and we will continue to follow the demand trends. And as I've mentioned, we've been focused on not just sort of buying supply across the universe in everything and really being much more targeted and where the demand is and where we can get return for the homeowner. So we'll continue to do that.  But Vrbo is not in the same way like some of the other choices focused on being a replacement for hotels in cities. We have a lot of great hotel partners in all the major cities of the world, and we see them coming back more strongly, and we think that's where the business is going to be for now. Of course, we want to continue to expand Vrbo wherever it makes sense and that we'll certainly look at cities where it makes sense.  As far as the brands, I would say this, it's on the brand team to figure out the best way to consolidate the brands in a construct that makes sense for the traveler. This isn't a construct that makes sense for us or we think it's cool, it's about what makes sense to travelers and why and how they need different products to do certain things. If over time, we conclude that we need fewer brands. I'm not sure it will be all under one, but we may conclude we need fewer more certainly, that we're going to lean into fewer, if that makes sense, we will do that. But that's what the brand team is working on now.  We've got new brand propositions for all our major brands rolling out soon. And I think over time, we will figure out what is right for the traveler. And certainly, as we integrate our loyalty programs, it is going to bring the brands much closer together and put us in a much more simplified position to decide whether fewer makes sense, et cetera, and have everybody still caught up in our web of loyalty and all the good things and good products we bring to the market.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jed Kelly from Oppenheimer & Co.
Jed Kelly: Great. Nice work over the last 20 months. Just 2 questions, if I may. Just how should we view Expedia relative to the Google risk going into '22, which is looking like a nice demand environment relative to 2019?  And then Peter, you talked about you really can see nice margin expansion longer term for Expedia. Do you have like a long-term margin target you guys are kind of shooting for above 25%, 30%? Can you help us there as well?
Peter Kern: Yes. Thanks, Jed. Those numbers sound pretty good. But I would say this, we don't have a number. And that is because, candidly, we are getting smarter about what is possible as we continue to roll out unified technology, unified solutions. We don't yet know the quantum of benefit that you get in conversion and other things that allow you to be more efficient on the marketing side because the product is working better.  There's a lot to learn. I mean I know you all look at the competition and try to reference that. But I think, look, we believe all of these pieces add up to benefits that drive more growth and higher margins. And that's what we're focused on. So as the product improves, as the underlying technology platform improves, as that serves more partners, et cetera, all of those things get better and scale brings efficiency.  So I think we're just going to continue to drive it. It's in our core now to continue to drive it. And I hope those numbers are achievable. And when we get there, we get there. So I don't think it's about putting some random number that we're guessing at what's possible out there. I think we're just driving it as we can.  As far as the Google risk goes, I don't -- maybe I'm saying, but I don't consider it a Google risk. Google is Google. We operate in that market. We do everything we can to optimize that market. And we work closely with them to try to figure out better ways to optimize that market. And we have some interesting ideas percolating at the moment.  But ultimately, as I alluded to, when we pull all those people out of the Google market, we have not done a sufficiently good job of retaining those travelers as long-term customers. And that's on us because of the products, because of competitive issues -- because of all kinds of things. And we are literally addressing all of those things at once.  I believe that each of them multiply each other make us collectively stickier between a better product and better loyalty and broader loyalty and better marketing that helps their traveler understand the benefits we provide and getting them to enjoy the benefits we provide more readily, et cetera. So I think we believe that Google can stay Google. I always say Google is a shark. You should expect the shark to be a shark. It will keep doing what it does. We operate in their marketplace, and we have to do our part of optimizing the marketplace. We have a lot of room to do better, and that's what we're focused on.  And I'm pretty sure they don't want to be in a business of taking service calls and dealing with travelers and actually being a customer company. They just want to be a search engine. So I think we're in a pretty good spot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Champion from Piper Sandler.
Thomas Champion: Peter and Eric, I was wondering if I could ask a question around the new customer cohorts. And I'm just curious whether they resemble pre-pandemic behavior or if you're seeing any new or divergent trends out of your newer customers. And then maybe Eric, for you to ask question around margins. It looks to me like 4Q margins were up 300 basis points, give or take, over 2019. I'm just wondering if that's a good guidance for thinking about the margin potential for the next couple of quarters, kind of the near-term outlook. Any thoughts around there would be really helpful.
Peter Kern: Tom, it's Peter. I'll go first. In terms of cohorts, again, I think it would be a mistake to draw too much from anything that's going on right now. As I mentioned, patterns are much different, the volatilities and ebb and flow of cancellations and other things are much different. What we're more keenly focused on is looking at cohorts in terms of engagement with the app, how that changes as we make improvements in the product, et cetera. I think there, we're seeing the directional things we hope to see. We have a lot, a lot, a lot more to deliver. So it's early days, but our focus is really on that.  I don't think we've seen any new patterns that are either alarmingly good or bad in terms of how travelers act, how many of them go on to the Google and Meta world versus come direct. I mean, direct -- most travel companies benefited from mix to direct, but that was only because there was less demand in the open seas.  I think as demand continues to rise, there's not really any reason to imagine that, that will be greatly distorted except for the example, we do a good job of, again, getting travelers to the app, getting them locked into our ecosystem, getting them understanding the benefits. So that's what we're focused on. And I think anything else, frankly, to -- it'd be wrong to draw any conclusions based on the volatile times we've been in. So we'll see as things normalize, but we'll let you know if we see that.
Eric Hart: Great. Tom, thanks for the question on the margin side. I'm not going to go into specifics on the number of bps in 1 quarter versus another. But of course, we are pleased to see Q4 2021 standpoint, the margins that we did have relative to the volume where we were down 17% from a revenue standpoint and then from 2019 EBITDA numbers, so pleased from that perspective.  I guess a few things that I would urge you to consider is, one, if there is significant seasonality in the business. So you have to look at Q1 versus Q2, 3 and 4 and if there's a significant different curve from a booked and stayed basis. Booked is obviously driven by marketing and net expense; and then the stayed basis, where the revenue comes from lodging perspective. So just make sure that you're keenly aware of that seasonality. Gave some information earlier around overhead and various components that you can model into the business as well.  And then 2 other quick comments is on the margin, we are going to be aggressive from a marketing spend perspective, as we talked many times in this call already. We are optimistic about this year in the return of travel, presuming nothing else comes out of left field, if you will. And we're going to be aggressive, and we're going to spend into that recovery.  And then lastly, I know we touched on it a little bit earlier. But just from a variable cost perspective, we have -- every time there's one of these disruptions, their long duration of calls with customers with complex issues to sort through and a real cost savings associated with variable costs really can't be seen yet. We are increasingly using technology to solve customer traveler problems, more consistently using that technology. And that's being clouded a bit because of those more challenging call volumes. And so I suspect that we'll see some of those savings come in as we get to a more normal period. So hopefully, that helps you with the modeling.
Operator: Our final question today comes from Richard Clarke from Sanford C. Bernstein.
Richard Clarke: So just a question running into the summer. I guess coming out of the financial crisis '09, the Expedia and the other players probably benefited from a prolonged recovery, maybe too much supply relative to demand. If this summer is very, very strong and we have a lot of demand relative to supply, do you see any danger the hotels or your private rentals play the platforms off against each other a little bit or look to other channels?  And then second question, a little bit more simple. But in Q3, I think you talked about your marketing costs being quite high because of the Delta variant coming very late in the quarter. You could sort of say the same pattern happened here. Omicron came quite late in the quarter. So does that distorted the marketing spend in the quarter at all with committed spend earlier on?
Peter Kern: I'll take the first one, and then Eric can cover the marketing costs. Thanks for the question, Richard. I would say you could have made the same argument during COVID when there was compressed demand in a number of places. We did not see what you're alluding to in terms of suppliers playing off. I think, as I said, we have a common challenge. We're all working together for every hotel in Miami, there's another one in New York that was suffering and many big chains, et cetera, hundreds of hotels across good and bad markets. And I think we're all in it together.  As I said in my beginning remarks, we're in it to try to help them optimize their business as much as optimizing ours. And I think there is definitely a shared sense of we can all build this better together.  So I think there will be a lot of demand if there will be some compressed places. I think there will be enough places to go that the demand will find an outlet. And I think we provide unique services in terms of people being able to find things, discover where they want to go, find alternatives, et cetera, and provide a great value for our supply partners, including the many things we do for them beyond just allowing them to supply on our platform or with the partners in demand generation of other products or technology, et cetera. So I think it's my sincere hope that our supply partnerships or our partnerships more generally are going to get bigger and broader and more beneficial to both sides over time.  And this isn't going to be the classical site for who's got a little leverage for the last nickel on a given day. So I don't think we'll see that. I think we'll see everybody trying to benefit from the upward trend and riding it together. And some of our partners will get their direct traffic. We'll get our direct traffic and everybody will do the best they can with those travelers. So that's what I expect.
Eric Hart: And then, Richard, on the second part of your question on marketing costs, we did see a similar dynamic this quarter as well, just given the Omicron impact, towards the latter end of the quarter, end of December perhaps to a lesser extent, but again, a similar dynamic.  And I would split it again into 2 components. The first is around performance marketing. Those are fine-tuned machines that ultimately are driven by the underlying search demand and whether that's across Meta channels, Google or wherever else. And so as people stopped searching for traffic and/or booking traffic, then the number of clicks and associated marketing expense naturally comes down with it.  On the brand marketing side, we stated, of course, in Q4 through -- all the way through December, so you are likely aware, brand marketing spend becomes much more fixed as you get closer to the time of being deployed. And then secondly is we had a hypothesis is that for each variant that comes along, the impact is going to be shorter, and it's going to be shallower. And that's ultimately what we have seen with Omicron is that we effectively were impacted for approximately a month, maybe a little bit more than that where it was more like 2, 2.5 months with the Delta variant.  So we felt that we should continue to invest in performance as it was there, we would go after the demand and we stay the course on marketing.
Operator: Those are all the questions we have time for today. So I'll now hand back to the management team for any concluding comments.
Peter Kern: I guess I'll just say thank you for joining us. I hope you all travel this summer, and you know where to find us if you need to travel, and we'll talk to you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. This concludes our call. Please disconnect your lines.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-04 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, everyone. And welcome to the Expedia Group Q3 2021 financial result teleconference. My name is Johnny and I'll be the operator for today's call. [ Operators Instruction] For opening remarks, I will turn the call over to SVP and CFO Retail, Patrick Thompson. Please go ahead.
Patrick Thompson: Good afternoon, and welcome to Expedia Group's financial results conference call for the third quarter ended September 30th, 2021. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by our CEO, Peter Kern and our CFO, Eric Hart. Following discussion including responses to your questions, reflect management's views as of today, November 4th, 2021 only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information.  As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking, typically preceded by words such as we plan, we expect, we believe, we anticipate, we are optimistic, we're confident that or similar statements. Please refer to today's earnings release and the Company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements.  You will find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the Company's Investor Relations website at ir. expediagroup.com. And I encourage you to periodically visit our IR website for other important content. Unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense, and technology and content expense exclude stock-based compensation. And all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2019. And with that, let me turn the call over to Peter.
Peter Kern: Thanks, Pat. Thank you all for joining us today. Eric and I will make some brief comments and then of course, take questions. Let me begin by saying we're very pleased with the quarter we had in Q3, nearly matching our adjusted Net Income and EBITDA from 2019. But I would add that if not for Delta, this would have been our most profitable quarter ever, and I think it's a tremendous milestone for the Company to be here while we are still in the throes of COVID and still coming out.  And a testament, really, to the work we've done to simplify the Company, to focus on technology, and to run the business more efficiently. And with that performance and what we're seeing in the market, we have the confidence to further pay down our preferred stock, which we did a few weeks ago as you would have noted. On which of course is not a big milestone for us putting COVID behind us. As far as the trends for the quarter go, I'll do high-level and Eric will give a little more detail. We went into the quarter following a strong Q2 and good momentum.  But as we remarked last quarter, Delta had begun to have impact. We saw it impact cancellations, we saw it impact booking trends. But as we got through August and into September, the Delta fears particularly in the U.S., began to wane and we ended stronger in the back half of September and that has continued through into the fourth quarter with even greater strength. We've seen improvement across all segments, really. Well, we heard domestic have led even though segments which have been harder hit by corporate and international travel have been coming back.  Cities have been returning as well. And so all-in-all, it's been a broad-based recovery, but it has been led obviously still by Weezer and domestic travel. And for us, Vrbo has been a particular highlight and beneficiary of that. Few highlights on Vrbo, since you've always asked. We've seen a strong share growth in our focus markets. And in particular in the U.S., about half of our customers so far in 2021, more than half have been new customers.  We expect to book in excess of $2 billion of earnings for new Vrbo hosts who came on the platform this year. And looking ahead, we are already seeing better bookings for next summer than we saw this time last year. So, the trends continue to be quite strong there. And while the story will continue to be impacted greatly by mix effect, which I talked about before, we are feeling more and more confident. And as international vectors open up, which you've no doubt all read about, this is a particular strength of ours historically, and we think again that is a mix effect which will generally benefit us.  And COVID recovery of course remains somewhat bumpy and as unpredictable, to say the least. But we're feeling good and at every turn we are seeing demonstrated that when people can travel, they will travel for business, for pleasure, and everything in between. And we are looking forward to seeing the rest of our business return. In terms of some of the details in the business on the marketing and brand side, our focus continues to be on bringing customers efficiently back to the platform and retaining those customers for the long term and building those long-term direct relationships.  Obviously, the better our product is, the better our customer experiences and the proposition, all those things add to that direct relationship and we're feeling confident about the work we're doing on all fronts. But marketing, of course, is the typical sphere. And with our new focus on being a family of brands, we have launched -- announced that we will be launching one loyalty program which will actually cross all our brands and all our products. We think it will be the most powerful loyalty program in the industry. And we're really excited about bringing that extra usability and an added value to our customers through that loyalty plan.  Because when we get to a place where people can use it across all brands, across all products, we think that just adds tremendous value to the customer. And you should expect to see us do more of that. We will be looking for more ways to unify our brands in a united front of bringing value to the customer in every way we can. We spent the better part of the last 6 quarters building out the organization. And in particular, in the last few months, building our creative organization. We've improved, as I've talked about before, all our performance marketing tools and technology. And we're very excited about our position right now. But we went into the third quarter and specific with a much more aggressive posture.  Delta hit, we have -- we've pulled back somewhat. And now again, that we are seeing things growing and recovery building again. We are winning back in. We intend to go on the offense with all the new tools we have in our arsenal and our marketing group. And we expect to go on offense and expand share across the world. On the B2B front, which we haven't talked about a lot in the past quarters, I just want to highlight a few things here. We brought our groups together as I remarked. Last quarter, our supply team and our business we have called Expedia Partner Solutions, which is a business we have used to power other partners in the travel industry.  We brought those together, officially on the last few months, and we're seeing lots and lots of opportunity for those businesses to build on the relationships we have with our supply partners, with our B2B partners and find increasing ways to drive their business and drive their success on our platform. But in particular, UPS itself has done well even during COVID. We've won wallet share with our partners. We've had many new signings. And for the first time in late October, we actually booked more business than we did in 2019 in that business and that has continued into November, so great signs there.  And then finally, on the Egencia front, you've all seen earlier this week, we announced the conclusion of our transaction with Amex GBT. We have merged Egencia and the Amex GBT. We will retain a significant equity interest. We feel really good about that corporate. We believe this will become -- coming roaring back. And Egencia even during this time of transition had its highest signings this year that it's ever signed in terms of new clients in the first-half. So, lots of good signs there. But I think that deal is also emblematic, as I said before, of our desire to power more of the industry.  We want to power Amex GBT with our Expedia Partner Solutions business, with our technology, with our supply, and that is something we will continue to build on as the months and years unfold. So very exciting. And I just want to thank the Expedia team who did a tremendous job building that business, getting it to a place where we could find such a great transaction, put it together with someone else, and in working through the time we had during the transaction and doing just a terrific start. So, I thank them, Expedia team, in getting to help closed that transaction. And then finally, while I've talked a lot about technology in the past, and I will see this brief.  I am as excited as I've ever been since I started about a few months ago about where we are in terms of our technology evolution. We certainly have a lot of work left to do, but it can't be understated the importance of finally being aligned on our technology, on our roadmap, on our architecture. We have one plan and everybody is rowing together and our velocity is increasing. And I think delivery, most importantly, the customer, will increase along with it. But just for clarity on the front-end, we're focused on being at first, data and design driven and focused really on personalization and using all the data and machine learning and the opportunity is great, better and better experience for the customer and for our suppliers.  And on the back-end we're really re - architecting everything. As I've talked about, we've moving from this many technical stacks to one stack on one pool of data that serves all the outcomes, all our partners, all our customers and it's really getting exciting. And finally, I just want to say this moment for us is really important as we move into 2022, getting all of this aligned, getting the work streamlined, getting everybody on the same roadmap is a really powerful opportunity.  And it reminds us that we're finally getting to what we wanted to be getting to which is delivering new value to the customer. We've been internally focused for a lot of COVID. COVID was a tough thing to get through. But we are now in a position where the entire Company is aligned. We can see the light at the end of the tunnel in terms of COVID and the opportunity to innovate for the customer and bring great new products and value are really exciting to us and we're looking forward to doing that. And with that, I will pass it over to Eric.
Eric Hart: Thank you, Peter. I'm also pleased, as Peter mentioned, with the overall recovery of our business. As you will see, it includes 2 quarters in a row positive adjusted EBITDA. And in the -- in Q3 excluding [Indiscernible] was roughly on par with the third -- third quarter of 2019. And with that, I wanted to start by providing an update on the booking trends that we're -- we have seen and we are seeing. Following a pullback, we witnessed for much of the third quarter and into the first part of September, due to the Delta variant, we saw a notable broad-based improvement across geos and product lines.  Overall, total bookings for all products net of cancels were down 30% versus third quarter of 2019, which was slightly worse than the 26% decline we saw last quarter. Given the continued volatility recovery, we also provide additional monthly detail on our total lodging bookings, not of cancels. That, of course, includes books Hotel in Vrbo. And those were down approximately 17% in July, approximately 25% in August. 19% in September, and further improved to down -2% in October. And again, that's September was also down, of course. The trends in October that we saw in that with -2%, they did improve throughout that month.  So, we exited at a much-improved rate relative to the start of that. Moving to the P&L, starting with revenue, it was down approximately 17% versus third quarter of 2019, which was a meaningful improvement from last quarter with revenue down approximately 33%. We saw a significant improvement in both Vrbo and hotel revenue, which benefited from seasonally strong summer travel. Revenue margin for the third quarter was approximately 15% up from approximately 10% last quarter. This was primarily due to typical third quarter seasonality in the business and product mix weighted towards launching. On sales and marketing, direct spend in Q3 was approximately 1.1 billion, which is down approximately 19% versus third quarter of 2019 levels.  And as Peter mentioned, we've reduced spending, given a reversal in trends we witnessed in the third quarter. However, going forward, given the more positive recent trends that we've discussed, we are again leading into marketing expense in Q4. Moving onto overhead costs, they totaled approximately $530 million, a slight decrease versus last quarter and below our expectations. We saw lower than anticipated discretionary spend, which was down roughly 90% versus the third quarter of 2019 as employees continue to largely work from home in the quarter. I would also call out slower than anticipated hiring as there continues to be a high degree of competition for talent, especially for technology roles.  Looking ahead, we expect overheads increased by approximately $40 million sequentially in the fourth quarter, primarily due to lower capitalized labor, due to the holidays, as well as higher anticipated headcount and people costs. In total, adjusted EBITDA was approximately $855 million, which is approximately $650 million improvement over last quarter driven primarily by typical seasonality. Moving on to free cash delivers total negative $1.4 billion in Q3 on a reported basis.  If we exclude the change in restricted cash, which was primarily driven by the change in Vrbo deferred merchant bookings, free cash flow was negative for approximately $450 million. As a reminder, the third quarter is traditionally a low quarter for free cash flow due to seasonality. In terms of the balance sheet, we continue to be investment-grade rated today and remain committed to deleveraging back to more historical levels. So, this will further reduce in our cost of capital. As you may recall, we refinanced some debt earlier this year which yielded $80 million in annual interest rate savings.  And last month, as Peter mentioned, given the improving trends and continued confidence in our liquidity position, we paid off the remainder of the preferred stock. In total, paying off all the preferred stock this year, it will save us approximately $150 million in annual dividend payment -- payouts onboard. Finally, on the Egencia, I want to echo Peter 's comments and thank the Egencia team, as well as all of those Expedia employees who're involved with Egencia for their dedication and hard work. I would also like to point out page 17 of the earnings press release which provides details on Egencia financials.  For the third quarter, Egencia generated $55 million in revenue and negative 18 million in adjusted EBITDA for again, the third quarter. As it relates to Egencia costs in third-quarter 2021 rough numbers, but approximately $35 million was recorded in cost of sales, $20 million in sales and marketing, and remaining roughly $20 million spread across tax content and G&A. Going forward, we will report our minority stake in the combined Company within the other net line or income statement.  And in terms of the 10-year lock-in supply agreement with Expedia Partner Services business has entered with a combined Company, we will account for it like any other standard EPS deal. As a reminder, at 2019 volumes, we expect this deal, the EPS deal to worth in excess of $50 million on an annualized basis breakdown. In closing, as Peter and I both mentioned, we're quite encouraged by recent trends. And the pace for recovery is clearly improving. Things are getting better. And I remain truly and very optimistic about the future of travel and our Company. And so, with that, Charlie, we are ready for our first question.
Operator: Of course. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Naved Khan of Truist Securities. Naved, your line is now open.
Naved Khan: Yeah, hi. Thanks a lot. A couple of questions. Maybe -- Peter, maybe you can give us some color on your thoughts around marketing spend. Do you continue to see scope for what efficiencies here going forward, where do we stand today on the -- and then the second question I had is just around the organization structure going forward? I think you guys had outlined cost savings from the reorg, $750 million in fixed cost and $200 million in variable. As we think about the organization bailout from here on, where do we stand with respect to the aids.
Peter Kern: Sure. I'll go first and Eric can take on the cost issues. I would say we're still working towards a better marketing world for the Company overall, which yes, means more efficiently being able to get customers. But it's a many pronged attacks. It's the performance marketing issues that I've talked about before. We have come a huge way in terms of the tools, the data and the algorithms, etc. But COVID has been a bumpy time and we have not found normalized time to really get everything tuned exactly how we want.  So yes, we believe there's opportunity ahead to that. We also believe there's significant opportunity for our brand teams to really be much more impactful than they have historically. And that has impact not only on driving direct customers, but it has impact on how people respond to performance marketing, and other things. So, there's many places where those teams can have more impact and ultimately be more efficient in attracting customers. But it's not entirely on that, right? We've got to build better products.  We've got to have better engagement circles with the customer. We've got to improve our service every -- we need to improve in every part of our game to continue to make the customer stickier and bring them back and want them make this their phrase to come for travel. So, marketing can be more efficient, but it's really a virtuous cycle and how we've streamed marketing together with the experience. And with the new efficiency, the second question goes to all of that gives us more opportunity to reinvest in more profitable long-term customers. They create a long-term value for the enterprise.
Eric Hart: Great. Thanks. I'll take the second part of your question regarding the call. So just to remind everyone that the program is both fixed and variable costs. On the fixed side, we -- the most recent update that we provided was $700 million to $750 million, and we expect it to land in the higher end of that range. And on the variable side we set to achieve greater than $200 million, but remember that at -- call it normalized level of 2019 levels because we need the volume to come back to get to see that fall into the end of the P&L. I would say both of those are substantially completed.  There's been a ton of work by the team to simplify the business. And I think we're feeling really good about the fixed and variable side. But I'll also add, we are a technology Company, we're going to continue to invest and improve our services for our customers, and in the way that we operate this business. So, while this program I think has been a tremendous accomplishment of ours in simplifying our business, we don't expect to stop there and we'll keep going, but I think from a program perspective, I think we can put the billion dollars to go to rest.
Naved Khan: Thank you, Peter. Thank you, Eric.
Eric Hart: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kevin Kopelman of Cowen and Company. Kevin, your line is now open.
Kevin Kopelman: Great. Thanks so much. Could you dig in a little bit into this -- the significant improvement that you saw in booking trends in October? If you could talk about key segments, geography at all, maybe Vrbo versus hotel? Thanks a lot.
Peter Kern: Thanks, Kevin. I would just say generally, I know it feels planned, but we've seen it everywhere. Cities are picking up, international has picked up, there are -- virtually, every area has seen growth. I will say that some of the benefit we have seen and I've talked about mix effects before, when cities were forbidden places, that obviously hurt us. Cities have been a great market for us. And as we've seen cities come back, there's greatly -- they're still greatly lagging major leisure destinations like beaches.  But they're coming back, and that return benefits us probably disproportionately compared to some others. So that mix effect thing, we have some winners and some losers as always, but we've seen cities come back more. We've seen -- relative to the growth, we've seen in the consistently strong leisure areas. And the opening of international channels, the announcements from U.S., from Singapore, etc., about allowing international travel, we see that whip up basically, as soon as it's announced.  We see search queries go up. And again, in places like EMEA, where we're traditionally stronger in international travel as compared to domestic, those openings, I think all go well for us going forward. So, it really is a broad-base recovery. It is every -- not down to every country because there are lifting countries that have COVID spiked, etc. but down to every region. And some regions are trailing dramatically, like APAC and Latin America, but they're improving too. And so, it's really broad-based and it's just what the base you're building off of, and some are different than others.
Eric Hart: And then only to add to that, that is as we've talked about over multiple quarters now, there will be volatility in the recovery of the series of many stories and a lot of the intersection points that Peter just mentioned, so we'll continue to monitor, manage our marketing spend appropriately, as we did in Q3. We have the brakes on some areas of that just because of -- we saw a bit of a slowdown, but so far so good in October and going forward.
Kevin Kopelman: Very helpful. Thank you.
Peter Kern: You bet.
Operator: Perfect. Our next question comes from Deepak Mathivanan from Wolfe Research. Deepak, your line is now open.
Zach Morrissey: Thanks. This is Zach on for Deepak. Just 2 questions. First, you're kind of large main competitor in the space before the last name. Your room rates are still lagging. I think it's down 33% in the third quarter versus 2019. That's lagging kind of bookings performance. I just -- is there any kind of driving force or explanation, driving that Delta and performance? Is it mix -- certain market lagging? Is there a timing to land or there's a difference in reporting structures? Any kind of color there would be helpful. And then just on COVID restriction, I know it's very dynamic and hard to predict, but are you seeing any differences in terms of travel restrictions in implications on demand when we see COVID cases rising in certain markets now versus 6 or 12 months ago? Thanks.
Peter Kern: Yes, thanks, Zach, lot of good questions in there. I would say, first off, yes, you have to remember that they report on book, we report on stage, so it's sometimes challenging to compare. But I would say, as I've said before, and I mentioned regarding cities, the mix has helped them. They've always been better in smaller markets, long-tail markets, etc. We've always been really strong in big cities.  When cities were dragging, cities get built by international travelers and we also have been strong in long-haul air for those travelers, like all those mix effect actually impact things. And so, some -- some of them we want in, Vrbo has been a beneficiary, some of them we locked in big cities and international travels. So, it's always been a balance. We are less focused on room nights rather than room dollars, if you will. It's a little misleading. We could book a million more one-star hotels -- nights and it wouldn't mean much to our P&L, and we could book 100,000 5-star hotels, it wouldn't mean a lot.  You have to take it all in balance, but we are feeling good about the recovery. And in general, our numbers, domestically, are running ahead, in lodging, of where we were 2 years ago. So, I think we're in good shape there and we feel good about that. And again, we have had a somewhat conservative bend along the game with COVID. We've been, Eric mentioned, tapping the brakes. We tried to respond. Sometimes we get over our skis, sometimes we're behind the recoveries.  It's a balancing act, but we are getting more confident, more aggressive. And I think you'll see us continue to lean in to gain share across the globe. In terms of the COVID question, it remains to be seen at every, as Eric said, every story as its own. But I will tell you if you look at recent news, for example, of the COVID cases in the UK, spiking from recent openings and I was in London and it was amazingly open. I would say that queries have remained elevated since the international announcements to the U.S., and they remain elevated and we have not seen a pullback from the caseload news, so I think that remains strong.  And of course, science is helping us out along the way. We just announced that kids will be able to be vaccinated in the U.S., which is a great benefit for society, let alone our business. And likewise, the announcement today about the UK approving the Merck pill for treatment. This is I think we all agree is probably going to be an endemic not a pandemic. And the more treatments we got, the more ways we got to deal with it, the better off we're all going to be.
Zach Morrissey: Very helpful. Thank you.
Peter Kern: You bet. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Eric Sheridan of Goldman Sachs. Eric, your line is now open.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks so much for taking the question, maybe following up first on the growth initiatives when you're looking out against the recovery. Are there any things we should be keeping in mind in terms of the ability to continue to grow, supply, or align some of your supply priorities, especially outside of North America, to capture as much of that growth as you can? And 2nd question, guys, coming back to capital return and how you're thinking about a more normalized environment, Booking called out the ability to possibly return capital to shareholders as we get into early 2022. Any updates there on how you're thinking about return of capital on the Balance Sheet over the medium to long term? Thanks so much.
Peter Kern: Sure, Eric. I'll take the first one and Eric can comment on the second one. But I would say that we continue to look tactically around the globe at what the right vectors are to focus on in terms of supply. I don't think we feel like we're terribly deficient, but we've been a little bit peanut buttered around the globe. As we did with Vrbo during COVID, we're very focused on those compression markets, freeing up a supply there, making that supply really successful right out of the gate.  And that is the virtuous cycle that we think is most valuable. So, we will continue to see us do that for Vrbo, but you will also see us do that in a very targeted way around the globe. And that's where the focus that's tied into where we are marketing, where we are driving our brands, where we think we have the opportunity to win. And again, remember, in many markets around the globe, our B2B business or Expedia Partner Solutions business, drives those markets more than our direct relationship with consumers. and so, driving the right supply to feed those businesses as well is a critical piece.  We will continue to drive into it. I would say, if anything, we've been relatively modest in terms of supply growth during COVID, with a particular focus, again on Vrbo, which was different use case. But as thing as a reopening, we're seeing more demand. You will see us go after in a targeted way, more supply and again in a very targeted end-to-end way, keying on the markets we're focusing on growing and where those markets want to travel to. So, we feel very good about that opportunity. It's just a question of focus. It wasn't a big focus during COVID, but as things improve, we will continue to roll that out.
Eric Hart: Yeah. And thanks for the question, Eric, I'll take the second component of that and I would say just from a macro level that our philosophy is and strategy is consistent. First and foremost, want to remain -- we are going to remain investment grade rated, will commit to that, of course, going forward. Second is our commitment to continuing to lower our leverage ratios and get our cost of capital down.  We've taken some great steps on that this year and will continue to make progress as we move forward on it. And the third, we have the Company traditionally been committed for returning capital to shareholders in different forms. I would say right now is again, not necessarily the right time for us to do it, but it's certainly something that we're committed to doing over the long haul, and we'll just continue to observe and make what we deem to be, if you will, the right choice at the right time to move forward.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks, guys.
Peter Kern: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney of Evercore. Mark, your line is now.
Mark Mahaney: Thanks just 2 quick questions. You referred to those growth rates for the 4 months, July, August, September, October was I'm sorry, was that room nights or was that bookings? And then secondly, I know you said that generally all the regions are recovering just to be specific about it and I know that there are flareups and countries markets here or there. But in the major European markets like Germany, you didn't see a -- you have not seen a -- whatever, a dampening of demand at the end of the -- at the end of October recently. Thanks.
Peter Kern: Yes. I'll take the second part first, Mark. There are some blips here and there. For better or worse, I wish our business we're bigger in domestic EMEA, but we don't feel those flips in quite the same way and we had the countervailing issue of more interest in international. So that has probably offset some of what others may have seen. But yes, there are blips here and there. As I mentioned, even in countries that are more COVID challenge, in general, we have seen sustained interest probably buoyed by the international factor as opposed to, perhaps, what was going on in the summer.
Eric Hart: And then Mark, on the first question, it is lodging gross bookings, no cancels.
Mark Mahaney: Okay. Thank you, both, very much.
Eric Hart: Thank you.
Peter Kern: You bet. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mario Lu of Barclays. Mario our line is now open.
Mario Lu: Great, thanks for taking the question. So just wanted to ask you about your comment on continuing to gain share. And I'll turn it accommodations and your key markets. Can you expand on the initiatives that you guys have made on your end to allow you got the gain share and whether you think that is sustainable?
Peter Kern: Yeah, thanks, Mario. Look, I think it's a combination of good work we've done and popular use cases. We know that the whole home solution has been a very popular solution during COVID, and that has helped us as compared to say apartments in cities where we might be less strong. But on the, what are we doing side, we felt a tremendous amount to
Mario Lu: work on the brand, to land the brand, to make people really think about Vrbo as a primary source of vacation options. We've invested more than ever, much more than ever in that brand. And we've really driven that hard. And as I mentioned, more than half our users so far this year, our customers have been new customers to the experience and we think the experience is great.  So, we do think we have sustainably landed the experience on the use case and the brand, and that will continue to benefit us for many years to come. How share exactly shakes out when the market moves back, or people who go into cities to things will change. We're not -- we're not strong everywhere
Peter Kern: In terms of Vrbo supply, we are more focused on leisure destinations. But we think we have sustainably put Vrbo in the minds of many people and other brands in other parts of the world that are strong, like stays in Australia, etc. And that is really a powerful long-term benefit for us.
Mario Lu: Great. And just a quick follow-up. In terms of the new users onto the platform, has those user behaviors matched those of prior users, or how they've been stronger during this time? How should we think about the new cohort? Thanks.
Peter Kern: Yeah, I think it's early to say. I like to tell you that people use Vrbo every 2 weeks, but they tend to need vacation time, and they tend to need school vacations and other things. We'll know more as things unfold, but again, as I said, bookings for next year are already running well ahead of this time last year when there was a lot of pent-up demand for Vrbo s already.  So, I think we are seeing the multiplication effect of adding new successful customers to the experience and piling those things up and people figuring out that they better book next summer, they better book next Christmas, they better book spring break. And that's really a powerful wheel -- cycle that works for us. So, we're really excited that we've added so many happy customers to the experience, and we believe there will be a tremendous long-term value from them.
Mario Lu: Great.
Peter Kern: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, Mario. Our next question comes from Doug Anmuth of JPMorgan. Doug, your line is now open.
Daniel Delfico: Hey, this is Daniel for Doug thanks for taking the questions. First, Peter, you talked about improving these experienced a few times in your prepared remarks so, I assume combining the loyalty program [Indiscernible] those, but curious to hear where you see the biggest opportunities looking ahead. And secondly, could you guys talk a little bit about how you're booked to [Indiscernible] looks like today and how that compares to what you saw earlier in the year and historically?
Peter Kern: Sure. I'll take number 1 again and let Eric take number 2. I would say, frankly, we see enormous opportunities across a wide swath of work to improve the customer experience. Some of that is yes, things like loyalty, things that we can do to enhance what it means to be part of our platform.  But it's also in the product, it's also in payments, it's in our CRM relationship with customers, how we give them information, how we reveal and give them discovery and find the right products and the right value at the right time. All of those things are real opportunities and ripe for innovation. We invented this industry 25 years ago. And I wish we had done more along the way to innovate for the customers.  We've done a lot, but there's tremendous opportunity ahead for us in virtually everything we do from service, to on the product to how they discovering book multiple products in a trip to how they get informed about cancellations or delays or other things in the trip and how the app becomes their companion in terms of the experience. We are working across all those fronts and determined to keep bringing innovation to the customer every week, month, quarter for the next many years in a way out of velocity, we haven't done in a long time.
Eric Hart: And then on that, your second question, just on booking my noted, we continue to see it revert back in trend towards more what we would have seen or expected in 2019 though it's still a bit skewed. For example, on the hotel side, it continues to be a little bit on the shorter-term side than Vrbo, a bit on the longer-term side of the macro level, so still a little bit impacted by COVID and booking patterns, but generally trending back to normal levels.
Daniel Delfico: Great. Thank you.
Eric Hart: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you [Indiscernible] Our next question comes from Jed Kelly of Oppenheimer and Co.. Jed, your line is now open.
Jed Kelly: Hey. Great. Thanks for taking my question. Just what you mentioned on the loyalty program across all the brands, can you sort of talk about how your tech stack is going to be able to do that, sort of merchandise say flights with Vrbo and then developing more of like a vertically integrated tech stack around your loyalty program?
Peter Kern: I wouldn't describe it quite that way, Jed. but what -- the way I would think about it is we're building every domain where we -- that we own. Think loyalty, checkout, etc. to be multi-tenant and to work across our brands and our partners, because we have many, many B2B partners. And in doing so, we enable our brands or multiple of brands to live on one stack, to live in one currency, if they wish to allow you to burn that -- earn that currency and burn that currency wherever you want.  And this is one of the powerful things that we talked about new Vrbo customers coming on the platform. But imagine when they're not only in the Vrbo product stream and enjoying that, but then there are earning value that they can use across air and other things when they have different travel needs. And likewise, the inverse, the Expedia and Hotels.com travelers who might want to rent a Vrbo for a vacation. So that expansion of being able to spend across all those brands, is that architecture for our technology, which is really building everything we do into multi-tenant, ultimately having all our -- 1 app all on 1 stack, and 1 way.  That doesn't mean we want to separate brands, but they'll run on the same technical infrastructure. They'll have their own differentiation for brand, etc., or product, but it's all going to be built for multi-tenant. It's all going to be built for us and for our partners. And we have the richest dataset, really -- travel dataset in the world. And that dataset powers all our machine learning, all our AI, and our ability to innovate constantly in terms of what the customer sees, how the partners participate. And that's just super powerful once we get it right. Now, there's a lot of work still to do, but we can see the path now and we're all aligned on that path.
Jed Kelly: And then, any update on where you are in terms of having more Vrbo supply on-brand Expedia?
Peter Kern: Yeah. I mean, it's tied up in the same question, Jed, which is, we have Vrbo supply on Brand Expedia, but the experience isn't terrific. It's a little disjointed for the customer. We can't do everything. This is the -- one of the many things that are the power of bringing these tech stacks together that allow us to seamlessly move content around onto different stacks, make the checkout process seamless, make the servicing seamless, make it all feel like it's coming from the right place. It's not just 1 piece.  It's not just about getting the content up. It's got to work all the way through the customer experience, because we're in the business of getting and retaining customers, not just getting transactions. That is a process we need to solve end-to-end, and it is more than just what you've historically heard about on, hey, can we get to contact on Brand Expedia now we need to do it. It's a big opportunity frankly, it's one of a dozen of equal opportunity. But all of it is enabled by getting the tech right.
Jed Kelly: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Jed. Our next question comes from Andrew Boone of JMP Securities. Andrew, your line is now open.
Andrew Boone: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. So, with travel coming back and booking calling out, leaning into marketing channels yesterday, can you talk about any changes you're seeing to the competitive dynamics within performance marketing? And then question number 2, is with it sounds like nice progress being made on the technology rebuild, kind of kind of re-stacking. Can you help us just more tangibly understand what this [Indiscernible]? Do you have any examples, even call out? Thanks so much.
Peter Kern: You're on my favorite topic there, Andrew, on the second 1, which is there are myriad opportunities. We have massive opportunities on the CRM front. We're not at first adequately and the app is not a seamless product across all our brands, that's a huge opportunity. The ability to sell multi-products, which we've been a leader in the industry for years, but honestly could be so much better at, in terms of how our checkout pass work and how we get there. So, there's -- and everything I just said is measured in the billions or 10s of billions of GBB opportunity, in my opinion.  So, I think they are really all over the place and many of them unlock and enable really big opportunities on the B2B front and our ability to power partners, power suppliers, etc. So, it's really -- I can give a dissertation for the next 2 hours on it, if you want to miss the Vrb call but in the meantime, suffice it to say that there are dozens of them around the Company and they are big rocks and big opportunities. As far as [Indiscernible] coming back and our friends leaning into marketing, we've kept it pretty consistent model. We've leaned into brand marketing and frankly we've been leaned into brand marketing even when maybe our brand marketing could be better and sharper and that's why we rebuilt that team.  We're bringing the creative teams in house now and really going at it in a different way. But we expect to be balanced. We've seen our competitors move around and gyrate a bit. We've kind of kept to a balance between brand and performance. We feel like there's opportunity to be more aggressive as our performance marketing machine gets sharper and better and all the tools right. We're seeing vectors of opportunity that we can lean into. So, we definitely will have opportunities to lean in.  And I'm really excited about what our brand teams are going to do. Our brand teams are second to none in the industry. We will be the best in the industry and our performance marketing is phenomenal and finally brought together in a way that will be really powerful. So, I think what that balances. As I mentioned, the market's got a normalized, we don't exactly know yet. But it is a virtuous cycle and a better brand marketing of the better performance marketing will do. And we believe strongly in both, and we'll continue to lean in a balanced way. I think our friends have gyrated a little more than us in and out of some of those things.
Andrew Boone: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Andrew. And our penultimate question comes from Brian Fitzgerald of Wells Fargo. Brian, your line is now open.
Brian Fitzgerald: Thanks, guys. Very thorough call. We want to ask a little more color on the mechanics of the GBT Egencia deal. We think Egencia traditionally has gone to market with low air fees and make up for that by making margin on hotels, leveraging the supply footprint. I just want to check on the mechanics and see if the margin there would be comparable to Partner Solutions as a whole or any other color there? Thanks.
Eric Hart: Hi, Brian. It's Eric. I'll take this. And thanks for the question. And I don't mean to be flipping in my response, but ultimately, I think you've got to ask GBT and Egencia going forward what their ultimate strategy is around, how they plan to monetize and develop customer solutions. I can't say that they can -- they plan to run against it to be a core part of their offering and in fact expanded into some of their existing customer base.  So, we see a great opportunity with that relationship that we have, but we see a great opportunity in the equity component that we had and we also see on the ETF side, not only for the existing [Indiscernible] volume, but also potentially upside with some of their other volume as well.
Peter Kern: And I would just add Brian, that our goal longer-term is to continue to export more of our technology to power more of our partners, and we think that is our true advantage. And so, as a partner, we hope that we find more ways to help Amex GBT monetize their customers better long-term and serve their customers better. So, we'll be working on.
Brian Fitzgerald: Very clear. Thanks, guys.
Peter Kern: You bet. Thank you.
Operator: Perfect. Our final question comes from Dan Wasiolek of Morningstar. Dan, please proceed.
Dan Wasiolek: Hey, guys, thanks for taking the questions. Just 2. So, on the verbal bookings strength you talked about for summer '22, wondering if you have any comments looking at rate in occupancy, the split between that. And then the second 1, just direct mix maybe how that's been trending and how you see that direct mix evolving with the investments you're making in tech structure Vrbo and loyalty. Thank you.
Peter Kern: Yes. I'll take those in reverse then, I think, which is Vrbo has consistently had a very strong direct business. I mentioned our continued investment in brand across the globe really on Vrbo or its sister brands. The -- We mentioned, I think 2 or 3 quarters ago, that we got out of performance marketing for Vrbo in the U.S. and it benefited from that with more direct traffic and having felt the effects of it.  So, I think we feel very good about the direct nature of that business. As far as how the product will continue to improve, how royalty will add to it, again, that's just other veins of opportunity for us across our Expedia customer base, our hotels customer base, etc. So, we want to create that universe of people that want to move between our brands and use them and build value and use that value. So, I think we will continue to see that. As far as rate and occupancy goes, your rates have been ADR has been very strong throughout COVID. There's been a lot of competition for the product and owners and managers know that and they have first price where they could. And so, we've seen a lot of price increases and those have held, there seems to be no abating of those. And likewise, occupancy in those compressed markets.  If you want to be on a beach in the Southeast or on a beach in Hawaii at Christmas, good luck. It's -- can't be done. So, we're going to keep seeing that. I think that's why you're seeing this effect of, okay. I want to get out in front next summer and get the house I want. And that's a great -- that's smart for the consumer and it's great for the business and it gives us a lot of confidence going into next year that this use case will continue to be highly top of mind for many consumers, and we are well-positioned, so. With that, I will thank you. Thanks, Dan. Thanks everybody. I hope you all stay safe. We'll come forward to us in trail will recover and feel free to start their corporate travel now it's safe out there. Thanks for your time.
Eric Hart: Thanks, everyone.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's call. You may now disconnect your lines. Have a nice day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-05 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Expedia Group Q2, 2021 Earnings Call. My name's [indiscernible], I'll be the operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand over to SVP and CFO Retail, Patrick Thompson. Please go ahead.
Patrick Thompson: Good afternoon and welcome to Expedia Group's financial results conference call for the Second Quarter ended June 30th, 2021. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by our CEO, Peter Kern; and our CFO, Eric Hart. Following discussion, including responses to your questions reflects management's views as of today, August 5th, 2021, only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information.  As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking, typically preceded by words such as we plan, we expect, we believe, we anticipate, we are optimistic, we're confident that, or similar statements. Please refer to today's earnings release and the Company's filings with the SEC for information about factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements.  You will find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the Company's Investor Relations website at ir.expediagroup.com. And I encourage you to periodically visit our IR website for other important content. Unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense, and technology and content expense, exclude stock-based compensation. And all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2019. And with that, let me turn the call over to Peter.
Peter Kern: Thanks, Pat. Good afternoon everybody, and thank you for joining us today for our Q2 earnings call. I will be relatively brief, and then Eric will take over and we'll take some questions. I'll open by saying that in general, Q2 was quite strong and a major improvement on Q1, and we were pleased with the progress we made with particular strength in North America and the U.S. As I've said before, the market has been driven by a lot of COVID-related changes and patterns. Domestic travel has been stronger, VR stronger, whereas international travel, corporate travel, even big-city travel has been relatively muted comparatively. The good news in that is that we find ourselves in a relatively stronger position in the U.S., our largest market and the largest travel market. But in places like APAC where we have a largely international business, that obviously has not responded as quickly. So, as we look across our performance, there are all those moving parts in the mix, and together what that delivered in the second quarter was a general improvement in the April-May time period, and another step-up and significant step-up in June, not unlike what we saw in the first quarter with a step-up in March.  July has been impacted somewhat by Delta, and the Delta variant, and we've seen some backwards movement in July, but in general still relatively stronger performance compared to earlier parts of COVID. As it pertains to travel patterns, I think it's important to keep in mind that, obviously, we don't know where Delta is going. Places like Australia have had shutdowns. Whereas other parts of the world, including parts for EMEA, things are opening up somewhat more, but theres a lot of unknowns including the U.S. and we're starting to see some of that percolate through cancellation rates and more volatility in the numbers.  I think it's also important to keep in mind that as we move into the fourth quarter, where traditional trends would have had leisure coming off and corporate coming up, etc., there remain a bunch of unknown across the globe in terms of back to school, back to work, and how people will travel in this portion of our COVID times. That being said, as we focused on marketing, Q2 was obviously a time of relative strength, and we aggressively pushed into marketing. We saw the opportunity to get in front of the building momentum and travel.  And as we've talked about before, we have a long-term goal of building more brand recognition and pushing more into brand marketing, creating longer-term relationships with customers. Performance marketing, on the other hand, remains considerably volatile, especially as we've seen cancellations rates more recently growing slightly. So, we were relatively leaned in into Q2. We expect to be leaned in in Q3, but with a bias towards brand building for the long-term relationships with customers.  And we do believe whenever COVID subsides in a way that gives people real comfort, theres so much pent-up demand that travel will outstrip anything we've really ever seen before around the globe. And as we move [Indiscernible], I just want to emphasize that this is an area where we felt there was an opportunity to be stronger. Jon Gieselman joined us in middle of the quarter. Jon is a great talent coming to us from Apple. He is a terrific brand builder. And brand and performance marketing work together, and we have to really define and build our brands.  And I've talked extensively in the past about rationalizing brands, making them work together, and allocating capital appropriately. And we have great confidence in what Jon will bring and has already brought to the organization. Likewise, on the tech side, we brought in a new CTO, Rathi Murthy, from Verizon Media. This again is an emphasis, I've spoken about this several times, but we have to be a technology-first Company, and to do that we need great technology leadership. Rathi brings a world of experience to us, and as we move from our multi-stack, multi-domain enterprise that we've had historically into one platform that can service all our brands and all our business partners, it was really important to have a great technical leadership across the organization. So, I won't belabor every technical gain, but are making real progress. We have plenty of work still to do, but we're feeling quite optimistic about Rathi and the changes that she is bringing. So, in general, as we watch COVID play out, we're focusing really on investing in our technology and people, organizing our brands, and allocating capital appropriately among them, simplifying our business, and of course maintaining the rigor we've had around driving margin improvement.  And more broadly, we believe that as vaccines continue to roll out across the globe, that will bring greater security, greater comfort, and greater willingness to travel. But the road may still be bumpy for a while as we watch all the variants play out and various government responses to them. I'll just close by saying we launched today something very important to us that our employees are passionate about, which is a partnership with UNICEF wherein we will drive for every app transaction we have in the Company, we will donate to UNICEF to drive vaccination into the developing world. It's clear that not everyone has the access that the western world has to vaccines, and it's our view that until the world is more fully vaccinated, we really can't expect travel broadly to be back to normal. So, we believe in the movement, we believe in the equitable -- equitable distribution of vaccines. We want to drive that for all the obvious societal benefits and ultimately because it's good for our long-term business goals. So, with that, I will turn it over to Eric. Thank you.
Eric Hart: Thanks, Peter. In early 2020, I outlined multiple areas of focus and I wanted to provide an update on them. It is around driving margin expansion through better unit economics. And since that time, we've made significant progress reshaping our cost structure through the fixed and variable cost initiatives we've outlined in detail on previous calls. Another major focus has and will continue to be on simplifying our business to help enable the Company to do it faster and also ensure we're focusing on the most attractive opportunities for future growth and profitability.  This has included selling or shutting down businesses we viewed as non-core to the business going forward. To put this into perspective, since the beginning of 2020, we have either shut down or sold eight businesses. And these simplification efforts have continued with the sale of ALICE last month, which I would point out will have an immaterial impact on our financials. In addition, in early May, we announced the binding offer from Amex GBT to acquire our Egencia business. Since then, we have been diligently working through different aspects of the offer, and this week we officially accepted GBT's offer.  Based on where things currently stand, including all relevant regulatory authorities have cleared the transaction and all relevant employee consultations have been completed, we now anticipate closing the transaction during this year, 2021. As a reminder, the deal includes two major pieces we outlined last quarter and remain very excited about. First, we will have a minority position, an ownership position in the combined business. And second, we will also enter into a 10-year lodging supply agreement between Amex GBT and EPS.  Finally, this deal further illustrates the continued progress on simplifying our business. Now shifting to the P&L. On revenue, total revenue was down approximately 33% versus Q2 2019, which was a meaningful improvement from last quarter with revenue down approximately 52%. We saw continued strength from Vrbo and improving trends within our hotel business, while ADRs were effectively up across the board from last quarter. From a geography perspective, on a revenue basis, the U.S. showed meaningful sequential improvement in Q2. EMEA revenue also improved, and LATAM and APAC revenue remained roughly flat versus Q1. On costs -- on our cost basis and overhead, we have significantly improved our cost basis versus pre-pandemic levels, which is reflected in the considerable progress we've made on the cost initiatives outlined in detail over the past 18 months or so. While we won't see full benefit in the financials until we've returned to more normalized business levels, we remain confident in realizing largely all of the fixed and variable cost savings target by the end of this year. Overhead costs totaled approximately $544 million in Q2, an increase of approximately $40 million versus last quarter, which was in line with our expectations.  The increase sequentially was largely a result of the shift in compensation structure from bonus to salary, which took effect April 1, and we outlined on previous calls. As it relates to sales and marketing, we increased our spend in Q2, driven by signs of a recovery, although total marketing spend was still well below pre-pandemic levels. For Q3, we are balancing investing into the recovery to build our brands with recent softening trends and bookings that we've observed in July and that Peter mentioned.  The net of all of this is we anticipate that we will further close the gap versus pre-pandemic spend, although it will still be well below Q3 of 2019. And in total, adjusted EBITDA was $201 million and included a negative contribution from Egencia, which showed some improvement but continued to lag our retail business. We attribute the approximately $260 million of sequential improvement in adjusted EBITDA to typical seasonality as well as the improving trends we've mentioned throughout the call. On the free cash flow, which totaled approximately $2.3 billion in Q2 on a reported basis, excluding the change in restricted cash, which is primarily driven by the change of [Indiscernible] deferred merchant bookings, free cash flow was approximately $1.8 billion. Moving onto the capital structure, in terms of the balance sheet, we continue to be investment-grade regular today and will point out that [Indiscernible] recently changed our outlook to stable from negative. There's also no change in our financial strategy.  Going forward. We remain committed to de-levering back to more historical levels as the recovery continues to progress, while also continuing to look for ways to reduce our cost of capital with the underlying goals to be in a strong enough position to restart our capital return program to shareholders. In May, given the positive trends we were witnessing combined with the confidence in our liquidity position, we paid down 50% of the preferred stock that we issued in 2020. We have the right to pay off the remaining balance at any time and we're closely monitoring and intend to pay off when it's prudent, excuse me, to do so.  So that's again something that we'll continue to watch over the course of the year and going forward. That said, I remain confident in our liquidity position, which includes approximately $5.5 billion in unrestricted cash as well as $2 billion on a revolver. In closing, we're pleased with the further stabilization of our business in Q2 and remain optimistic about the future of travel and that it will come back as Peter mentioned earlier. And it will be like something that we haven't quite seen before. And with that, Emma, we're ready to take our first question. Emma, are you there?
Operator: Hi there. [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Naved Khan from Truist Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Naved Khan: Yeah, thanks a lot. A couple of questions. Maybe just one for Eric. If I look at the deferred merchant bookings, they are up 25% versus 2019. Reported bookings were down 26% versus 2019. Could you just maybe help us understand the gap there? What is driving the  differences in the two numbers? And then I have a quick follow-up, maybe just on the simplification of the business. Are there other opportunities that you see on the horizon to simplify the business further?
Eric Hart: How about I take the first one and Peter perhaps you take the second one. So, on the first one, we -- our deferred merchant bookings balance was approximately 8.24 billion as of the end of June, and if you compare June to previous year, it was approximately 4.6 billion. There was an increase in what we call core deferred merchant bookings, which is our more traditional or conventional lodging business, and that reflects obviously improvements on our, I guess that's compared to 2020.  So, I think you'll see on the core business that it's largely in line with where the real differences are coming on the Vrbo side of the business that ultimately is -- and remember that is restricted. Theres approximately 4.26 billion thats in that deferred merchant bookings for Vrbo, and that just reflects the healthy growth that we've seen at Vrbo, that we've talked about a number of times before. I would say that there's no increased risk, if you will, on that core DMB relative to, I think, where we were in 2019.
Peter Kern: Thanks, Eric. And I'll just add now to that in terms of continuing to simplify, I don't think that we expect many more sales or mergers or those kinds of simplifications, but there continue to be opportunities for us to simplify how we do business, and I think what I referenced about some of our new leadership, the opportunity to simplify how our brands work together.  What we're doing on the technology side, we believe we'll continue to unlock opportunities for us but it's not as simplistic perhaps as a sale of the business or something like that. I don't think there are many of those left.
Naved Khan: Got it. Thank you, Peter. Thank you, Eric.
Peter Kern: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Kevin Kopelman from Cowen. Please go ahead, Kevin. Your line is now open.
Kevin Kopelman: Great. Thanks so much. Could you give us a sense of where lodging bookings shook out relative to 2019 both in the second quarter and then what you're seeing in Q3 quarter-to-date? Thanks.
Peter Kern: Yeah. So, I'll take it and Eric can add color. Basically, we saw, as I mentioned, a good step function, improvement in the second quarter, particularly into June, and we're feeling quite good about that. July started out a little down as Delta had -- relative to June, and as Delta has reared its head, we've seen some more volatility, and July is sort of in line with the earlier part of the quarter -- of the second quarter. So, hard to tell how the rest of Q3 will shake out.  It's been very responsive to the news cycles, but we're obviously optimistic that more openings talk of the U.S. opening to international vaccinated travel, etc., will create more opportunities, particularly, as I mentioned in the international business, which has been a relative strength of ours. So, June was the high point and July's looking a lot like April and May.
Eric Hart: Then, in regards to Vrbo in particular, and we're not going to go into the detail if you will on the trends in Q2, but as you think about it going forward, the business continues to perform well. We continue to be excited about it. We're seeing terrific consumer engagements. And then one of the things that we are seeing is that they're continuing to be longer booking windows associated with Vrbo.  And as we project forward into Q3 and beyond with those longer booking windows, our hypothesis is that people have been exposed to the category and the category experience. They're looking to book again.  They also saw compression that was occurring, particularly during the summer. So, people are going in and reserving the house that they want for, whether it's the holiday season or even in into next year as well. So again, time will tell in Q3 and Q4 going forward what seasonality looks like in the state of the world that we're in, but we continue to see some really interesting trends from longer-dated bookings for Vrbo.
Kevin Kopelman: Thanks, Eric. Thanks, Peter. Very helpful.
Peter Kern: [Indiscernible]
Operator: Our next question today comes from Mark Mahaney from Evercore ISI. Please, go ahead, Mark. Your line is now open.
Mark Mahaney: Okay. Maybe I'll try two -- one, I just want to ask just a numbers question. Sales and marketing as a percentage of revenue, and I know this is a shortcut, but was higher in the June quarter than we've seen in quite some time. I think it was the highest we've seen in the June quarter in several years. I know that you've gone through a lot of efficiencies.  I think Peter, I think the expression you used was volatility in performance marketing. So just talk about how illustrative the June quarter was in terms of the optimization that you want out of your brand and performance marketing spend. You look at that number and you say, well that's the opportunity or do those -- to that level of sales and marketing spend come in largely as you had expected.
Peter Kern: Yeah, I think -- sorry. Go ahead.
Eric Hart: Peter, maybe I'll just give a little bit of context. I think one of the things to keep in mind, Mark, is that remember that our revenue is on a state basis, and oftentimes our marketing spend is generating bookings that we're not going to get revenue for until another period if you will. And as I just talked about on the Vrbo side, we're continuing to see very long booking windows as a higher mix of our overall transactions.  So, it is quite difficult and we're seeing other shifts and booking windows across different products as well. And so, being able to compare quarter-over-quarter to historical again -- historical quarters, it is quite difficult, so I'd just caution you that simplified forum that you admittedly said was simplified. We have to be a little careful of that because of those booking windows looking around and the difference between marketing spend, booking, and stay days.
Mark Mahaney: Fair enough. And then the second question had to do with -- go ahead, please.
Peter Kern: No, no. Go ahead, Mark.
Mark Mahaney: The second question has to do with brands, and you still have the staple of brands, can you talk about different strengths in different regions and you talked a little bit about Vrbo. What about some of the other brands? And would you call out ones that you think are doing in this environment, are doing particularly well, and those that seem most challenged from a -- just comment on the business, just from a brand perspective, and the brands other than Vrbo?
Peter Kern: Sure. I think broadly the brands are acting within a range, I would say, of performance. But we have seen, as I've mentioned, I think before, opportunities, for example, in Australia where our local brand Wotif and our local VR brand have performed very well because they had a domestic travel bias in that market, and therefore, in a world where there was much more domestic travel, we leaned into those brands relative to leaning into let's say, Expedia brand, which has more international appeal or an international travel appeal. So, we've seen regional moves like that. I think broadly though -- and you see some reactions and we believe hotels.com has a slightly higher percentage of unmanaged corporate travel within it. And, of course, corporate travel has been greatly reduced during COVID.  So, we've seen some movements like that, but I would say broadly, the brands have performed within a range of one other. We are doing a lot of work to figure out long-term how we want the brands to work together as a family of brands rather than as competitors. I've mentioned some of that within Performance Marketing, but I think you'll see that broadly across the enterprise. As Jon and the team get to rationalizing how those -- how we can make those brands all additive to one another as opposed to competitive, and we are continuing to market, again fairly aggressively behind the brand spend. And my comment about the volatility in performance marketing is just to say there continues to be a lot of risk in getting over your SKUs in performance marketing because of the volatility in cancelation rates, shutdowns, and others things. So, on balance, we are slightly more biased towards brand building. And yes, this is a time where we feel, for the reasons I said, that travel is going -- when it can rebound fully, it is going to be extremely robust.  And this is not a time where we want to be quiet in the market, so we are doing lots of things including our recent move to support UNICEF, etc., to get in line with our customer base, get them invested in our brands and the relationship, and drive that for when the future comes pouring in, and while that is volatile, we don't exactly know when that will be, we know it's coming, so we want to make sure we're there for it.
Mark Mahaney: Thank you, Peter. Thank you, Eric.
Peter Kern: [Indiscernible]
Operator: Our next question today comes from Deepak Mathivanan from Wolfe. Please go ahead, your line is now open.
Deepak Mathivanan: Great [Indiscernible] guys. Thanks for taking the question. Just a couple of ones. First, Eric, can you help us think about taking rates and booking window dynamic for the second half. With all the moving pieces, it's a little bit of a challenge to translate bookings to revenues. Any additional calls that you can provide thereon take rates and booking window are based on what you're seeing in July would be great. And then the second question.  Can you talk about the supply acquisition campaigns on the global side? How has the supply side generally has been at [Indiscernible] and how should we think about the benefit of this translating into bookings, maybe in the back half and then also into next year? Thank you so much.
Eric Hart: Thanks for the question. I -- listen. I understand your question on the first part when it comes to taking rates and booking windows, and it's something that we have caused us a lot of work and volatility if you will on our assessment on our side as well. And I would love to be able to give you more granular responses on what that projection would look like in Q3 and beyond. But the truth be told, that things are just moving around quite a bit when it comes to those booking windows and then from a take-rate standpoint, it's really going to depend on those mixes.  And as Peter and I both mentioned, continues to be strong, we've seen conventional hotels come back. Sequentially, we've seen that in the air. We continue to see that in-car which has been quite strong as well it's nice to be associated with it. And again, I'll stop there, but you get the point through the various products. And so, between a combination --
Peter Kern: Don't know what happened there? Apologies. I think Eric cut out on us. Hopefully, you can still hear me. I'll just finish by saying that where he was going is the combination of mix has been really different during COVID, so it's a hard thing to tie back to historic levels.  Air and other things were down more considerably than launching a car, etc. So, it's a little hard to give you much guidance there except to say, we expect to see continued mix shifts during this somewhat COVID period we are in. But we also believe that over time, and broadly, everything will revert to the [Indiscernible] in terms of mix and we should see more predictable take rates in that period.
Deepak Mathivanan: Okay. Thanks, Peter. And then the second one on Supply acquisition campaigns related to wellbore --
Peter Kern: Oh, yeah.
Deepak Mathivanan: -- Navarre. Can you talk a little bit about that?
Peter Kern: Yes. Sorry about that. Yes. We've been focused, I think, we said the last quarter. But we've -- our principal focus has been on compressor markets and we've seen good growth there and good additions. And when we can add inventory there, we see a very good return on that effort. We have not gone to sort of a broad global return to everywhere acquisition strategy because we just don't think it's a prudent use of resources and so many places are still closed down.  But we are taking a much more targeted approach. And as the world opens up, I think you'll see us expand those targets. But in general, when we've been able to add inventory, again, focused on compressed areas that have been quite productive for us.
Deepak Mathivanan: Got it. Thanks, Peter. Thanks, Eric.
Peter Kern: Yeah. Thank you. We'll find Eric.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Justin Post from Bank of America. Justin, please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Justin Post: Great. Thank you. I think we're all trying to figure out what your earnings can look like on the other side of this, and so the market share is important. People are going to compare you're down 26% bookings versus [Indiscernible] to booking, which is in the low double-digits. So just wondering if you can help us understand how you think about market share in your core U.S. and Europe markets right now. And second, maybe you can explain some of the differences, maybe your percent of air bookings or how much of your bookings are international versus domestic. Thank you.
Peter Kern: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Justin and I will just say so a couple of things to think about there. First of all, as I mentioned, broadly, when you look at conventional lodging plus press [Indiscernible] we believe our position is stronger in the U.S. than pre - COVID. But, again, that's not the same for all markets. And if you look at a market like EMEA, which came back strong over the summer and came back principally in domestic, that obviously favors some of the other players. And our business in places like EMEA and APAC, as I mentioned, is more international focused. Now that goes to airlift as well because we're very good at delivering long-haul air, which has been virtually non-existent during the COVID period.  So, you've seen again, a bunch of these principles at play where we've benefited from some. Others had benefited from others. And we generally believe that international will be the next major thing to open up and that favors our position in many of those markets, and we and we will see that rebound through that side of our business and through the air and all the pieces that are attached to that. But that's really what's going on in market share more than anything, is this a domestic versus international extra start.  There are also more bookings into small markets as people have stayed domestic and gone to the equivalent in the U.S. is a small motel near national park etc., that has not been a traditional strength of ours. We have been better in big cities. Big cities have lagged somewhat: New York, San Francisco, etc., Paris, London. So those factors are all at play. and I would just say that there's been a lot of activity at the lower end of the market and because of their domestic thing. And that's been driving a lot of room nights, but not necessarily a lot of dollars. So, you're seeing shifts like that. We feel pretty good about our position definitely in the US.  We'd obviously love to be strong in all dimensions of our game across the globe, but we think, again, that most of this reverts to the mean over time. And as it does, we will benefit from the return of international travel, significantly where in many places in the world that is the biggest part of our business.
Justin Post: Great. And maybe 1 follow-up. Have you disclosed ever how much air bookings were as a percent in 2019?
Eric Hart: No. It's fair [Indiscernible] back and I get [Indiscernible] up.
Peter Kern: Eric, yeah, yes.
Eric Hart: Yes. Now, we've not broken that into 50,000 points.
Justin Post: Right. Thank you.
Eric Hart: Thank you.
Operator: Our next call today comes from Brian Nowak from Morgan Stanley. Brian, please go ahead. The line is now open.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking my questions. I have to just go back a little bit, kind of drill into the U.S. Can you just help us better understand where your U.S. lodging business, excluding Vrbo, is now versus 2019? And then secondly, again, focusing on the [Indiscernible] in lodging. What can you sort of tell us about the customer dynamics? Are you -- is it mostly existing customers, talking about the contribution from new people you're bringing into the platform? What has sort of driving the growth of the core lodging business in the U.S., in the U.S. ex Vrbo so far?
Eric Hart: Yeah. Perhaps I'll take the front end of that. Peter, you want to take the back end of it. I understand that trying to [Indiscernible] Vrbo into conventional locking. We're not going to go into detail on it at this time. On the Vrbo side, I think you've heard us a couple of times anyways, continue to see -- we're seeing a nice performance. We continue to gain share in our primary markets in that business and feel really good about it.  And on the conventional logic side, we have seen continued improvement each month of Q2. We've seen a bit of softening in July. But again, at this time, we're not going to go into detail on the breakdown in between those 2, but [Indiscernible] of both of those is that we feel good about where we are in the recovery that we're seeing during the quarter.
Peter Kern: Yeah. And all those go into the customer dynamics a little bit here, Brian, which is to say, I think during COVID broadly, as everybody was marketing somewhat less, we saw a lot of direct business. We're all -- we're happy about that, but it's more of a function of not going on the searching market unless we have people out in the market searching.  I think as rebounded tethered more towards usual norms, but again, we've been perhaps somewhat more conservative on the performance marketing side because we -- with cancellation rates so high and other things -- other factors going on, closures, et cetera, its easy to spend a lot on performance marketing and not get the return because people don't end up traveling. So, we are seeing, I would say, a mix relatively towards existing customers. I think that's what you'd see across the industry.  Its why app usage is up and other things are growing. But, again, I think as the market is rebounding and more people are out in the market searching, you just start to see us get back to a more normal relationship between all the new Now, I will say a big part of our focus as an enterprise is to create longer-term relationships and greater lifetime value and stickiness and love for our brands with our customers. That involves many things, obviously, on the marketing side, on the product side, on the service side, all things we're focused on improving. So that 360 kinds of end price efforts.  But we do intend and we do plan to build those customer relationships in a different way. We hope, and historically, where we've all had to go fishing in the Google client or whatever and that was the only place to find their business. So, we're hoping to change those dynamics over time. But we have been -- we have seen, in general during COVID, a greater performance from existing customers.
Brian Nowak: Got it. And just to go back to Eric's and it's -- we just go back to Eric's answer. So, the bit of softening in July, is that more pronounced on the traditional lodging side, there is the Vrbo side, or is it sort of evenly spread between the product sets?
Eric Hart: I think we're seeing it largely across. Now, even expanded beyond the lodging across all of the product types. And whether that persists or not [Indiscernible]
Brian Nowak: Yeah, okay. Thanks.
Peter Kern: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Stephen Ju from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Stephen Ju: Thank you so much. So, Peter, I think you wanted to kind of talk about potential permanent changes to consumer behavior. I think vacation rentals versus a hotel are fairly well understood. but are you noticing any change in terms of folks favoring agency versus merchant because I'm sure they probably learned last year they're paying ahead of time and trying to get refunds later on? It's probably something that they probably don't want to do again. So, are there kind of [Indiscernible] sort of meaningful differences in the conversion rate between the 2 types of transactions you can call out? And does that positively or negatively influence your customer acquisition strategies going forward? Thanks.
Peter Kern: Yeah. [Indiscernible] Stephen. Go ahead.
Eric Hart: Yeah. I'll take the front end of that as well. I would think about it [Indiscernible] about merchant and agency that we have seen continued. I think we talked about this a couple of quarters ago. waiting for the agency side of the businesses, consumers want more flexibility, but ultimately, what they're looking for is that flexibility. So, it's more of non-refundable -- refundable is that what they are looking for given the uncertainty in the environment.  And, Peter, feel free to add. But that hasn't necessarily changed our customer acquisition strategy, our [Indiscernible] strategy, or whatever else in the end where our marketplace is running a travel Company. And our job here is to meet with customers and what they're looking for that meets the needs and the use cases that they have and I will continue to do that. But as I said on the front end, and there is continued waiting to the refundable side and the agency side.
Peter Kern: Yeah. And I will just add, Stephen, that we're not trying to drive, as Eric said, we're not trying to drive the customer to any particular outcome. We provide choices by and large. And what the customers do, what they want. There has been a relative bias during COVID for pay later. As you say perhaps, I could later do something security around the idea. But there's nothing that I think suggests that that's necessarily a permanent thing. I don't think we know enough yet and we'll see as we come out of COVID, but certainly, we've seen merchant rebound considerably and that may well persist.
Stephen Ju: Thank you.
Peter Kern: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Mario Lu. Mario, please go ahead, your line is now open, from Barclays.
Mario Lu: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. I have 2 on ADRs. They're up 21% This quarter year-on-year, I believe 22 versus 2019 levels. So, any further breakdown you can provide in terms of this growth, whether it's a deal mix, organic rate increases, or shifts Vrbo? And how sustainable do you think this is part of the back half of the year?
Eric Hart: Peter, I'll take that one. Thanks for the question. And I think the 3 categories that you've laid out, the answer is yes, yes, and yes. So, it is a geo mix and into the -- into the U.S., it's a mix into Vrbo, which typically has higher ADR s as well. And then we're seeing for core ADR s increased in some products more than others.  So, it gets more color there. On the Vrbo and car side, I would say in particular, have seen meaningful increases in their ADRs, whereas Air has started to recover, but clearly not to the extent of those other 2 and would say the same for conventional lodging, it's sort of somewhere in between that's a higher than Air, but not to the [Indiscernible]. Projecting forward, we are, as I mentioned earlier on the Vrbo side, for instance, continued to see bookings with those long booking windows.  And if you end up with any kind of supply compression and the word that that's what customers are comfortable traveling with and again, as I mentioned earlier, I think people have really enjoyed that product experience. You can continue to expect a -- very possible to expect that you would see that in Vrbo going forward. On the car side, which may get a supply issue. I think that's been discussed in various forms before, and that's going to take some time to work through. But how much demand remains for far as we get out of the summer season is a bit TBD.  And as generally presuming that July is a bit of an anomaly if things start to recover again, I think you'll continue to see our ADR increases or are in healthy levels, if you will, going forward. So again, not going to get into specifics of trying to predict where exactly those are going to land. But it gives you a sense of the trends that we're seeing across the different products.
Mario Lu: Okay. Thank you.
Eric Hart: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Jed Kelly from Oppenheimer. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Jed Kelly: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Questions 2, if 2 if I may. Just can you give us an update on the Vrbo integration with brand Expedia? How's that trending and how are you trying to think about that ahead of the winter? And then as you look out in terms of the international clever recovery, I mean, have your thoughts changed? You even see countries like Iceland and Israel that are really highly vaccinated dealing with higher spikes, higher case cascade. How has the change in the interim, how do you view the international recovery if it looks like we're going to have to change, a multitude of different government policies towards COVID? Thank you.
Peter Kern: Yeah. Thanks, Jed. I think I believe the second one first. It's, It's frustrating and confusing and complicated. Countries have taken different approaches even within the EU, where we spend a lot of time with the EU commissioners about trying to synthesize the rules and make them consistent because people traveling within the -- who have issues with what the protocols are. So, it remains a big unknown.  I would say we know that vaccines are definitely the biggest part of the answer, at least that we can see so far and of course there's lots of work going on, and other treatment protocols, etc. for COVID. I think we will continue to see improvements and, ultimately, COVID will be something the world learns to live with. And people will be traveling again, so we're starting to see international travel. It's not 0.  We're starting to see conversations. Today U.S. government was quoted that Biden is considering opening up to the U.S. to foreign travelers who are vaccinated. So, I think we'll continue to see that push as countries want to get their tourism businesses back and their business travel businesses back. So, the countervailing issues, and I think they will continue to pressure people to find ways to make it happen, but, clearly, we're not done seeing pockets of issues with COVID and reactions from local or national governments to that issue.  So, I think that's why I say there's a variety of unknowns out there and we're just playing it out and trying not to end up upside down over-marketing to a market that ends up with a problem. So that's one part of it. And then on the Vrbo integration, I would say it's worth it, it continues, it's not where we want it to be, we have more content on that and actually on hotels.com, but the end-to-end process, customer experience is not where we wanted to be.  So, we are iterating on that as we continue to make progress towards unifying our tech staff up for our lodging business. It's a core part of that process. But I would say it's not the most important. I mean [Indiscernible] is a good opportunity for us and something we believe in. But there's a series of steps as we bring those stacks together. And it continues unabated, but it is -- but it's not where we want to be it.
Jed Kelly: Thank you.
Peter Kern: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question today comes from James Lee from Mizuho. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
James Lee: Thanks for taking my question. Can you talk about with the new CTO coming in, maybe talk about some of the top priorities that you will be undertaking. And also secondly, I think last quarter you guys talked about the success of integrating the marketing platform, something like 75% on that platform. Can you give us an update? And maybe a little bit implication on the efficiency of the marketing in the back half? Thanks.
Peter Kern: Yeah. So, thanks, James. In terms of the CGS top priorities, it's really, as we move to one unified technology team and one unified architecture, the will -- the CTO is to define where we're going, how we're doing it, what the, what the rules of the road are, and how we do this integration from going to many stocks to few. And we created this multi-tenant extensible kind of set of capabilities. And I think that's an -- it's a broad process. it cuts across all the technology in our enterprise. And we're at this hard at work driving that. There's also, as we get to the backend, there's also the customer-facing side, which is all about the UI and UX.  We want to be the first Company, and while driving progress to be that we want to be designed, focused and we have a focus on a new head of design, building out that capability and enterprise. So, it cuts across many things. And it's really about bringing excellence to all those disciplines so that we can just give the best customer experience we can and drive improvements across all the pieces, conversion, engagement, all the things we want to have.  As far as the marketing question goes, and bringing our performance marketing together, I would say that number's up from 75 to probably closer to 85 to 90. But again, more than sort of a benchmark, which is to say it's how we're getting everything on common tools, common datasets, common algorithms, but it isn't -- what's exciting now is the opportunity to begin to test new algorithms, test opportunities across brands, test the opportunity to gain efficiencies and how we market multiple brands and performance marketing, et cetera.  We're in the early days of that, but that is what these achievements of getting through this state have given us. And I would say, we're in a funny time where traffic patterns are unusual because of COVID. So, you're sort of testing into new algorithms and doing a lot of new performance marketing against the backdrop that's a little bit unusual and confusing.  So, we don't always have the volumes to test everything, but there's a lot of exciting work going on there. And as I've said all along, we believe that we'll generate meaningful efficiencies and better operation in terms of performance marketing. But it is hard to benchmark because we don't have normal traffic levels and normal patterns.  So, it's hard to say. It's going to give us an X percent more efficiency or why we have to see it as an action against the more typical backdrop. So more to come on that, but we are making steady and strong progress, and we're a long way down their consolidation of tools and data and all the things that those percentages reference.
James Lee: Okay. Thanks, Peter.
Peter Kern: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Boone from JMP Securities. Please go ahead. Your line is now open.
Andrew Boone: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. On marketing, on-brand spends specifically, can you talk about what brands and where you're investing? Is this supporting brands that are strengths or are you guys building brands [Indiscernible] And also, should we think of this as more of a permanent change to your marketing strategy, or has cancelation rates normalized? Are you guys going to shift to spend back to more [Indiscernible] high quality? Thank you.
Peter Kern: Thanks, Andrew. I would say a couple of things. One, yes, we're investing in relative strength. So, for example, Vrbo has been an area of considerably increased investment, during the past several quarters. Other opportunities regionally where we've put money, whether that's in traditional brand spend or social or other things. So regional brands, in some cases, we've seen increases as well.  I would say while we are leaning into that and we're leaning into our biggest brands, obviously, in strong markets like the U.S., we believe we can do a lot better in terms of brand messaging, getting cleaner on the brand propositions and, as I mentioned, getting all the brands to work together as a family of brands as opposed to a sort of traditional on most competitors. So, we think there's a lot of opportunities to not just spend on-brand with a bias towards brand-building, but spend that money more efficiently against even stronger, creative, and more efficient ways to build the brand.  So, I think there's a lot of opportunities there. And yes, we intend to also grow in new geos as we refine our capabilities there. And pick markets where we are going to go on the offensive. And then I think as far as performance goes, I think what we're talking about when I say we have a bias towards brand building, is we want to build long-term relationships. But brand spends and performance work together. But stronger brands are better performing, your performance marketing is.  And as long as performance marketing can return the kind of returns and bring us the kinds of customers, those that are sticky and build long-term value, we will spend into that and we will spend as much as that makes economic sense to do. So, I don't think it's an either-or question. It's a question of right now, having a bias again, towards that brand-building while we see how performance marketing shakes up.  But as we get better, we believe we will be able to continue to invest in the performance market and more efficiently than we ever have, and bring the right kinds of customers with the backdrop of brand building that really creates sticky customers for the future. So, I think you'll see us do both. Don't exactly know where the ratios will bear out. We think the Company was over bias towards performance marketing because we just didn't have all the tools, we needed across the brand enterprise.  But we think, now, we're in a much different place, so that's where we're going to go. Thank you, Andrew. I think we're at the end. So, I just want to say thank you, everybody. Thanks for your time and I hope we got all your questions answered and we'll speak to you in the quarter. Take care.
Operator: That concludes today's call. You may now disconnect your lines and have a nice day.
Peter Kern: Thank you, Operator.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-06 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Anne. And Ill be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Expedia Group First Quarter 2021 Conference Call. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Patrick Thompson, Senior Vice President and CFO. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Patrick Thompson: Good afternoon. And welcome to Expedia Groups financial results conference call for the first quarter ended March 31, 2021. Im pleased to be joined on the call today by our CEO, Peter Kern, and our CFO, Eric Hart. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects managements views as of today, May 6, 2021 only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on todays call are forward-looking, typically preceded by words such as we plan, we expect, we believe, we anticipate, we are optimistic or confident that, or similar statements. Please refer to todays earnings release and the Companys filings with the SEC, for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You will find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the Companys Investor Relations website at, ir.expediagroup.com. And I encourage you to periodically visit our IR website for other important content. Unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense, and technology and content expense exclude stock-based compensation. And all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2019. And with that, let me turn over the call to Peter.
Peter Kern: Thank you, Pat. Good afternoon, everybody. And thank you for joining our call. We have some brief remarks [Technical Difficulty] take questions. Ill start by talking about the Egencia deal, which we announced a few days ago. That proposed deal is extremely exciting to us. And in a few minutes, Eric will share the details. But, Ill just say, it really highlights three core things were trying to do. One is, find the best opportunity for all our businesses. And in this case, we felt that putting Egencia together with Amex GBT created a great new combined corporate enterprise that could focus entirely on the corporate customer, and really provide a best-in-class suite of services to serve those customers. And our ownership in that company, were very excited to have. Secondly, we signed a long-term lodging supply and tech agreement with the company. And youll recall, we have a big B2B business. Expedia Partner Services, it is core to our strategy long-term, and driving and powering the industry broadly is an important move for us. So, this deal enhanced [Technical Difficulty] significantly, and just gives us more throughput to continue to innovate, both on the supply and technology side to provide great services to the entire travel ecosystem. And finally, as weve talked about endlessly this past year, we are trying to simplify our companies, so we can focus on the most important and largest opportunities. And with Egencia in a great new home, should this deal proceed, we will be in a great position to focus on our B2C and B2B businesses, and our core technology platform. And thats really a great chance for us to get simpler, and get agility and speed in the rest of our core business. Moving on to recent trends, I would say, as I said, travel remains a study in contrasts. As for different geographies, some are still shut down, some, like the U.S., are quite open now. And equally, a study in differences between vacation rentals, domestic travel versus international travel, business travel is more challenged, conventional lodging, particularly in big cities is more challenged. So, its really a study in contrasts. It depends where youre strongest, we have benefited greatly in our vacation rental business and our domestic U.S. business, but other parts of the business still remain challenged. I would say, and many have reported already, but, the summer looks strong, particularly in the U.S. and in other markets where vaccinations are well along the way, we are already seeing booking trends, well above 2019 levels for leisure destinations, beach, mountains, et cetera. And that goes for not only vacation rentals, but also for conventional lodging. To give a little more color on bookings themselves. We said on our last call that we were down somewhere in the high-40% in the gross bookings net of cancellations in the January period. That has moderated to down around 20% in March and has improved on that in April. So, the trends remain strong, again driven largely by those strongest markets. But still, the trends are very good, and were excited about that. I would just keep in mind, while summer looks great and we are ambitious and feeling good about the overall recovery, that calendar is still a question mark. We dont know what seasonality will look like, as long as COVID is here. And the usual trends that might come in the fall and winter are still unknown. So, while were extremely excited about summer, its a little too early to predict how those trends with work-from-home, whether school is in session, et cetera will change travel behavior, going into the following quarters. On the Vrbo front end vacation rentals in general, we continue to lean into that business. We have grown share in all our strongest markets and invested heavily in marketing and in acquiring hosts, and we feel like that continues to be a great opportunity for us not just in this moment, but in the future as we capitalize on landing the brand and getting more people to experience Vrbo and staying in vacation rentals. We are seeing some compression in summer. People ask about that frequently. And Ill just say so far, we have seen replacement as a pretty good solution. Most people look for something they cant find it, theyll find something nearby. And increasingly, as more people are vaccinated, they are willing and happy to stay in resorts and in conventional lodging. And I would say some portion of them would actually prefer it that way. And were seeing in those leisure destinations for the summer, very strong conventional lodging numbers. On the marketing side, Ive mentioned in past quarters that we have taken a relatively conservative bias on how weve approached marketing, rather leave a little money on the table than get too far out over our skis. But in the course of the first quarter, we have sort of changed that bias and moved more particularly in the back half of the quarter towards investing and getting in front of the wave of demand we think is coming. Thats taking the form of a number of brand marketing rollouts, including a brand new Expedia brand marketing campaign that started at the Academy Awards. Weve relaunched our Orbitz brand with a focus on LGBTQIA plus. And thats sort of again, of course, as we try to differentiate brands and really focus each brand on who their market is. And later this month, we have a great new summer ad campaign coming for Vrbo that we think will be really impactful. So, that investment in brand building is really important to us. Weve talked before about going up funnel, creating that brand love, pushing for direct interactions, direct consumption. But keep in mind, its not a quick twitch tool, like performance marketing. So, we have to invest over time to build that. So, we think it does have returns ultimately for performance marketing, as the brands become more well-loved and more highly thought of. We are starting to see wins. Ive talked at some length in the past about combining our performance marketing teams. Theyve been doing yeomans work and a terrific job. Weve actually put in a new leader who came from the outside, and is a great new addition to the team. But I just wanted to -- Ive said that before, I wanted to give one stat to give you a sense of the acceleration were finally starting to get, which is that 75% of our SEM spend is now on a new consolidated technical and data platform. And just for point of reference, at the end of last year, that was at 15%. So, it is starting to accelerate. Were starting to get the wins, we hope to get as we combine these [Technical Difficulty]. And as we invest more and get more aggressive, and were getting these wins, were seeing our quick share go back to historic levels or higher in our main products on our key markets. We continue to refine our marketing spend in general, and we will continue to test and learn and there will be balancing as we learn. But, I will say, we mentioned last time on our last call that we went off the Google meta products for vacation rentals. And actually, over this last quarter, we have we have pulled back from other vacation rental meta players. And so far, the results have been excellent, and as good or better than we could have hoped for in terms of the returns we have seen in getting more direct traffic and traffic other ways, more efficiently. So, that has been a great move. And we will continue to focus on that. But again, we will be upfront more, we will be focused and leaning into the wave ahead. But, it could be bumpy and we may be a little early, but we believe now is the time to lean in and we will be leaning in, accordingly. On the platform and technical side, I made a promise that Im not going to get into the business of telling 100 great stories about our technical platform. We are making great strides every day in it. It is definitely where we are putting the most energy, time and money. But, I just wanted to point out one area of wins, because it really goes to how this is going affect, not just us as a business, but the customers. And thats in our AI and data products. We recently launched a reinforcement learning algorithm, which allows us to power different shopping journeys on a given page for different customers. And we are using it now not universally, because again, all of the tech is coming along. And it will be launched as it can be in more places. But were using it to adapt and improve the customer experience to the specific customer journey, [Technical Difficulty] opportunity for conversion and improving the business. But most of all, its a great opportunity to improve the experience for the customer and make it easier for them to find what they want. And then, a related point. Were also using AI and telemetry data to track customer experience to track friction points, and again, focus on taking that friction out of the customer experience and making it great. So, these are, first tier technologies that the best e-commerce companies in the world use. And we are now using it to make our consumer experiences better. And its really exciting, great for business, but in many ways even more exciting that we can drive customer love and a better customer experience. And so, finally, Id just say, we are clearly benefiting from our relative strength in some of the best markets, BR, the U.S., et cetera. But its a bumpy ride, and were hoping for reopenings. I would say, the announcement about New York City. Youll remember, were very strong in big cities and in international travel, neither of which have been doing well, but the announcement about New York open up hopefully, some international travel between EMEA and the U.S. this summer, will start to open even more as we go forward. And Id just like to say, its nice to report that were making progress, but we are mindful of our friends and colleagues and everybody really in India. We have a big operation in India. Weve got many sick colleagues and family members, and our thoughts are with them every day. And whatever the world can do to help, we are doing everything we can to help, but we all should do more. And I would finally say, thats a reminder that this is an unpredictable time. We still dont know whats happening in many markets. Anything could happen. Things could get worse before they get better. But, we are optimistic. We are seeing a lot of improvement across the globe. And we are feeling good about the work were doing at the Company. So, with that, Ill just say, hopefully, vaccines continue to roll out. Hopefully, you all have your vaccines and tell everybody you know to get a vaccine. And we have little doubt that as that continues, the world will open up and travel will come roaring back. So with that, I will pass it off to Eric. Thank you.
Eric Hart: Thanks, Peter. Id like to start by providing more details on the binding offer we received from Amex GBT to acquire Egencia. I echo Peters earlier comments. We are very excited about the deal, and Im optimistic about the success we would see from the combined company. Now, [Technical Difficulty] which includes two major pieces. First, we have approximately 14% ownership in the combined business, presuming close, which we currently estimate is valued at approximately $750 million. Second, we would also enter into a 10-year lodging supply agreement between Amex GBT and EPS, as Peter mentioned earlier. And then, to put this commercial deal into perspective, the supply agreement would have generated in excess of $60 million in EBITDA at 2019 volumes. We anticipate the proposed deal would close in 9 to 12 months. Next, I wanted to provide an update on our cost saving initiatives. In 2020, we made considerable progress on rightsizing our cost base, and these efforts continued in Q1. We still expect to be towards the higher end of our $700 million to $750 million range for fixed cost savings relative to our 2019 exit rate, and we have now achieved approximately $700 million on a run rate basis. We remain confident we will realize largely all of those targets of cost savings by the end of 2021. As we have spoken about previously, when looking forward, we will have annual increases in the remaining cost basis from items like annual comp increases, and we expect to invest in areas of the business where we see attractive opportunities. On variable cost of revenue, we remain on track for over $200 million in annual savings, based on 2019 volume levels. As a reminder, the three key drivers are improved economics through our payments platform, expansion of our conversations platform to reduce customer service costs and lower variable cloud costs. Similar to these initiatives, we still expect to realize largely all of these variable cost savings by the end of 2021. Although given the costs are volume-based, the savings will not be fully evident until we reach more normalized business levels. Weve also spoken in the past about driving marketing efficiencies. And weve continued to make improvements in Q1. But, I want to be very clear, we are spending into the recovery, as Peter mentioned. As it relates to Q1, we increased our investments, particularly in the back half of the quarter and that continued [Technical Difficulty] and we also expect a further increase in Q2 as we look to further capitalize on the pace of travel recovery, particularly within the U.S. As a reminder, we incur the marketing expense in the quarter if it occurs, but we dont realize any associated lodging revenue until the stay actually happens. In terms of the balance sheet, we are investment-grade rated today, and as the recovery continues to unfold, we remain committed to delevering back to more historical leverage levels, while also continuing to reduce our cost of capital. Our ultimate goal of being in a strong position -- to be in a strong position, restart our capital return program to shareholders, as we talked about the early part of last year. To that end, we recently took advantage of compelling market conditions and raised $1 billion in 10-year unsecured notes, which have a coupon of 2.95% and $1 billion in zero coupon 5-year convertible debt with a 72.5% conversion premium. Together, we used the proceeds of the new debt issuances to redeem $1.7 billion and debt due in 2025 at coupons of 7% and 6.25%. This will yield approximately $80 million in annual interest rate savings. From a liquidity standpoint, we have $4.3 billion in unrestricted cash and short-term investments, which is about $1 billion higher than we ended Q4, with the increase primarily due to positive free cash flow. We also have essentially $2 billion in untapped revolver capacity. As it relates to deferred merchant bookings, it has improved in each quarter since the height of the pandemic and with a total of $6 billion at the end of Q1. We have witnessed positive recent trends and are cautiously optimistic about the pace and shape of the recovery. We are also confident in our liquidity position. And therefore, we have elected to pay down 50% of the preferred stock issued in 2020 later this month. And as a reminder, regarding the preferred stock, we also have the ability to pay off that balance at any time when we book [Technical Difficulty] to do so, and is something that well be watching over the coming months. Now shifting to the P&L. Total revenue was down 52% versus first quarter of 2019, which was a notable improvement from last quarter, with revenue down approximately 62% year-on-year. And thats normalized for the insurance contra revenue impact that occurred in Q4 of 2020 that we spoke about last quarter. Overhead expenses totaled approximately $500 million in Q1 and came in slightly better than anticipated due to some timing benefits. As a reminder, we define overhead as G&A, tech and content, indirect sales and marketing, while excluding stock-based compensation. Moving on, we made a change during Q1 in managing our software licensing and maintenance costs, which led to a modest reclassification to prior results, we have moved from a decentralized approach, which weve talked about previously, where each individual team manages their own spend, which resulted in increased costs and duplicative tools to a much more centralized approach across EG. In 2020, the change resulted in approximately $60 million in costs being reallocated to tech and content, with the majority coming from cost of sales and the remainder from sales and marketing and G&A. There was no change to total costs or EBITDA from this reclassification. In total, adjusted EBITDA was negative $58 million for the quarter, which was slightly better than our expectations. On an absolute basis, adjusted EBITDA was down approximately $235 million versus Q1 2019, while revenue was down approximately $1.4 billion over the same time period. On the free cash flow, which totaled $2 billion in Q1 on a reported basis. If you exclude the change in restricted cash, which is primarily driven by Vrbos deferred merchant bookings, free cash flow was approximately $800 million. Looking forward, and we mentioned it last quarter, we do expect our overhead cost to step up by approximately $50 million sequentially and from Q1 to Q2 of this year, relative to the bonus payments and other issues we talked about last quarter. In closing, continue to be very encouraged by the recent trends within the business, have increasingly confidence in our liquidity position, given the change that we just made, especially in paying down the preferred. But, we remain cautiously optimistic about further improvements in travel recovery as we head throughout the rest of the year. Operator, we are ready for our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney
Mark Mahaney: Thanks. I had two questions. One, just a clarification, Peter, on your comments about the down 40 and January down 20 and March improved and April. I think, youre just referring to domestic bookings. If thats so, could you just give those things for the trends on a global bookings basis? And maybe I misunderstood that. And then, secondly, kind of a high level question. If you think about what youre doing with the business to help. Youve done a lot of things to improve the cost structure as youre going into and out of COVID. What about -- how would you describe what youve done to try to improve the bookings growth and the revenue growth pre versus post-COVID? What have you done to -- what do you think are the best ways to get the growth to reaccelerate from where the business was prior to COVID? Thank you.
Peter Kern: Thank you, Mark. Sure. Im happy to answer those. First of all, the answer to your first question is, those numbers are global. That is our entire business, collectively, not just the U.S. The U.S. is stronger for sure, helping that number up. But, that -- those are global numbers. As for beyond the cost structure, Id say, were doing tons of work, and Ill start by, unfortunately, reiterating all the work were doing on the marketing side, the work were doing to simplify and combine our performance marketing, team, tools, capabilities, data analytics, thats a huge benefit for us as we go into the post [Technical Difficulty] into the future into the post COVID and our ability to compete in the performance channels in the most effective ways. We believe we can do better and do more on the brand building side and to create that direct customer relationship. And then, that bleeds all the way down through, of course, the importance of doing the product right, getting the engagement right, improving the apps, improving the technology, using AI to improve the customer experience. So, all of those things are the classic sort of virtuous cycle of can you get them in the door, can you make them love you, do it -- is the experience great, does it help them find what they want. So, theres a ton of work. All that work I talked about on the platform side is not about efficiencies, although it does create efficiencies. What it really creates is agility and the ability to serve the customer better and create a stronger tie to that customer and repeat and loyalty and lifetime value. So, its really an exercise in all the pieces, but we are getting sharper on all elements, whether its the brand proposition for every brand, whether its the geographic proposition for every geo and brand, and then what that customer experience is like all the way to the end, through service. And its all those pieces. So, [Technical Difficulty] investing across the board in terms of our energy and time. And I think those pieces will start to multiply on themselves as we get more and more of them sort of across the road as it were. So, lots of good work going on. Some things are a lot further along than others, but I think youll continue to see improvement across all those categories.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Post from BofA.
Justin Post: A couple of questions. First on Vrbo, obviously, high valuations in that sector. Wondering if you can help us understand the percentage of bookings and maybe the growth rates in the quarter for bookings or revenue. And then secondly, obviously, very interesting disclosure about the Expedia marketing spend. And I believe you said it to be the biggest in the last five years. So, could you help us understand, first of all, how you think about that affecting EBITDA in the second quarter? And are you seeing very positive marketing returns that give you kind of -- are encouraging you to spend that much? Thank you.
Peter Kern: Yes. Thanks, Justin. Ill maybe take the second one first. Yes. I mean, weve spent a fair amount of time getting to a new brand proposition, a bunch of new capabilities and things we wanted to talk to the consumers about and just at the early stages of rolling out our Expedia Brand campaign. That is a heavy brand campaign across multiple markets, and we think it has great opportunity. But to be clear, brand marketing is somewhat are not just all science, and it does take time to pay its rewards. We do believe though that by being more a funnel, by being more efficient in performance and allowing us to put more money upfront, we can drive greater long-term returns. Now, its not a quick twitch muscle. As I said, brand marketing is now like you run a great ad and tomorrow, everybody books. It takes repeat. It takes sinking in that brand proposition and getting everybody focused on your name, and then it starts to pay rewards and performance. It starts to pay rewards and direct. It starts to pay rewards across a lot of things. So, we believe in that opportunity. We will invest in that opportunity. And it will take some time to pay out. Its not like performance. Its not like youre buying the transaction every time you do it. On the Vrbo front -- let me just look at the percent of bookings and growth rates. So, I think we dont break those numbers out separately. I would say Vrbo is doing great. The U.S., particularly strong, but as I said, in all our strongest markets, we are showing share gains. And Vrbo is clearly -- and vacation rentals in general, clearly in very positive territory, and that is helping bring up all our numbers, no doubt. But, we dont break them out separately. And so, I think its just we view it as part of the business. And as Ive said before, the long-term plan for Vrbo or vacation rentals, more generally, is to have them available through all our brands in the most optimal way for the customer. So, thats where we are.
Eric Hart: Yes. And two things -- quick things to that. This is Eric. Also on distributing that inventory from a vacation rental standpoint, ultimately through EPS or Expedia Partner Service as well. We think thats a meaningful opportunity for us as well. And then, on the marketing side, if you look at year-over-year going to 2018, 2019 and 2021, our marketing spend as a percent of revenue has come down quite a bit when you compare against those. And yet, we are spending heavily into brand, and were continuing to spend in performance channels as well. And were also seeing, given all the work that the teams have done, where were getting good share of voice, share of wallet, if you will, at ROAs that are higher than weve traditionally seen. So, still a lot to learn how thats going to flow through the P&L over time, as Peter mentioned, but we feel pretty good about the investments that were making at this time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lloyd Walmsley from Deutsche Bank.
Lloyd Walmsley: Thanks. If we start on the cost side, youve taken the business kind of down to the studs during the pandemic. How are you feeling about your positioning as the tempo increases in the market? Are you able to handle strong upticks in volume? Do you feel like things are running in a stable fashion kind of operationally, any areas that might need investment? And then, secondly, kind of as you lean into the new brand campaign, would you characterize your posture on the performance ad side as kind of leaning in or more kind of neutral there and focus on the brand side and hoping that that will have benefits in the performance channel that allow you to kind of get some efficiencies there? Anything you could share there would be helpful.
Peter Kern: Yes. Thanks, Lloyd. I would say, first of all, we didnt take it down to the studs. We did a lot of things that we thought were the right things to do for the long-term health of the Company. But we have invested in lots of people, talent, marketing, all kinds of things, technology. So, I think, weve done the right stuff across what we thought was the right way to shape the business. And as youll recall, we set out to do that before COVID even hit. So, that is the -- that was the plan, that has been the plan, and we feel good about where weve gone to. Now, are the places we want to invest in? Absolutely. Do we want to bring in and retain the best talent at our Company? Absolutely. We are making those moves. Weve brought in lots of great new talent. We have changed, as Eric alluded to, our equity and bonus structure to reward our people for growth. So, we will continue to invest in the things that will drive our business, much of which is people and their ability to build great tech and tools and products and services and then people to help externalize all the great stuff were building on the B2B side and of course on the consumer side. So, we dont feel like, in any way, were in an unstable position. Where we have a lot of moving parts, were trying to change a lot. Theres no question. And we think all of it has great opportunities. And will we break something along the way, stumble once or twice? Im sure we will. But in general, we are feeling like we are in a good position. And if anything, well continue to invest into the growth as the returns come in. As far as brand campaigns come -- are concerned, no, we are not about hoping that works and just shifting money around. Our whole proposition is that we believe we can do better on the performance marketing side. We can be better, be more efficient, be more competitive, and by doing so, free up capital, if you will, to go upstream, up funnel to push into the brand side. [Technical Difficulty] way through all that, just as weve tested coming off Google meta for VR and other meta for VR. Thats had a really positive impact. We will test more things. We will get smarter. And as I alluded to quarters ago, we are getting into being able -- our goal is getting to the point where we can build algorithms to maximize for multi-brand and do things weve just never been able to do before. So, thats the opportunity. And we are leaning into both of that from a technical standpoint. And yes, we are spending up more now that the market is coming back. So, both of those things are true, but we believe we can do it more efficiently, as Eric said, maintain higher ROAs in that and then redeploy some of that capital back to the front end to drive that brand awareness, where we think we can also do better than we have historically and spend that money more efficiently. So, its sort of, again, a virtuous cycle. We got to do all those parts. Its a lot [Technical Difficulty] but its not a hope and a prayer and just moving money around. We want to be as efficient as we can and buy good growth in performance marketing where [Technical Difficulty] and we want to use brand to its greatest effect.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Naved Khan from Truist Securities.
Naved Khan: Yes. Thanks a lot. A couple of questions. So, maybe, Peter, you talked about ROAs. As you are discovering whether optimum ROAs can be, how should we think about the split between -- split of your ad budget between performance and brand advertising as we look forward? Where do you think -- how do you think it compares to where it has been in the past? And then secondarily, you are making a big push towards loyalty. I think you, in a recent announcement, talked about gaining around 25 million new loyalty members. How does that affect the P&L in terms of how you accrue for the loyalty rewards?
Peter Kern: Yes. So, maybe Ill take those in reverse again, Naved, which is on the loyalty side, we felt like theres a big opportunity, particularly in Brand Expedia to drive loyalty. And those learnings will no doubt help other brands for us. But we were -- we felt like we were leaving a lot of customers on the side because of the -- how we made them sign up, what they had to go through, et cetera. And the truth is, for a customer, its a much better experience if they become a loyalty member, they get to see loyalty rates. They get to -- they get a lot of benefits. And in general, they consume more. And the returns on those loyal customers are higher than the returns on people who are not members. So, while there may be accounting that has to get accrued for over time, the return on that customers performance is much greater. Its been proven over and over again in our brands. So, this is really just opening up a window, making it easier and better for the customer, helping them see the benefits, allowing them to see the benefits earlier, if you will. And I think theres nothing but upside and good stuff there, so both for the Company and for the customer. As far as the ROAs goes, we talk about this a lot. We dont really know where its going to balance out. We are trying to take a scientific and approach as we can to driving returns through our marketing area. So, it will be a bunch of learnings as we go. We are testing and learning, even as we speak, a bunch of things across on and off different brands in different geographies and seeing what happens. From a performance marketing standpoint, we will be testing into brand spend as well by geography and by brand. So, it -- were going to learn. Its going to take some time, but we believe with the benefit of a really strong team on the brand side and a really strong team on the performance marketing side, for the first time, once we get all these things consolidated, and the technology working the right way, we are going to have -- its going to be a fair fight, and were going to be in a position to perform -- outperform the competition in a way we just havent been for a long time.
Eric Hart: This is Eric. And I would just add on the loyalty side, we are working through ultimately how to account for those going forward. We have robust teams. We actually have three different teams that look at and quantify it separately. We have an internal team, a third-party provider, and then our auditors go through it as well. And so, were going to be going through that math to effectively, say, theres going to be a lot more points perhaps with a respective lower probability of redemption, at least for those that dont get actively engaged, which again, the point is getting them actively engaged in that journey. But, well provide updates as we go through, but it is something that were working through.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking my questions. I have two. First one, Peter, sort of a high level one. When you came into your role, you outlined a number of strategic priorities, brand reorg, the cost reductions, improved product merchandising, et cetera. Just sort of help us understand, which of your priorities you think youve made most progress on? And then, as you sort of look into 21, 22, where are there still sort of the most low-hanging fruit to continue to improve the execution of the Company, both top line and within OpEx? Then the second one, just a little bit on marketing. Talk to us about what youre seeing on performance marketing ROIs and your mix of overall direct traffic as you sort of head into the spring and summer.
Peter Kern: Yes. Thanks, Brian. So, on the strategic priority standpoint, I think, weve made a lot of headway in many fronts. I think the hardest, biggest lift is really on the platform and the technology and the product. And a lot of thats been organizational, getting the right pieces of the Company together in the right way and organized under the right leaders, so that we could drive this journey we have to drive from getting to this complicated siloed technology we had before to a much more clean, high-efficiency, agile construct. So, thats where the most -- I would say the most energy is going in. And frankly, its a tale of 1,000 stories. Different parts of that journey are in different states of completeness. But that creates, to your second question, I would say, the most opportunity going forward, because every time we get a win there, and Ive talked in the past, whether its about multiple checkouts becoming one checkout or multiple identity features becoming one identity, it gives you both speed and better consumer experience and better ability to improve on that as well as efficiency and the ability to redeploy that resource to other higher return opportunities. So, thats both, an efficiency opportunity, but I would think of it more as the opportunity to invest that talent into new growth, as we go forward. So, we are still in the middle of many of those things still being fully equipped as if they were run as 6 or 8 or 10 separate things. We will get to a place where we have one strong, robust thing and those resources can -- some of those resources can get to higher-value returns. And then, as far as marketing and the other and cutting costs, again, the cost side will come from what I just described. I dont think -- we continue to see opportunities. Many of the things Eric has talked about that have already borne fruit in terms of cost savings, like our voice platform, et cetera, have much more opportunity to go and more running room. So, we see that continuing to happen. Were creating great new tools on the service side, which are creating the opportunity to serve our customers much more efficiently, not just through technology, but also through technology assisting humans. So theres all kinds of places that I think theres more opportunity to get more efficient. But, we really view it, I think Eric and I think about it as its really the opportunity to reinvest back in the business when we have those efficiencies as opposed to, do we just keep cutting for more margins. So, theres plenty of opportunity on the margin side, I would say, as we reinflate with travel. And on, the flip side, we believe weve made good progress, but theres still a long way to go and a lot of opportunity. What did I miss? Sorry, on the ROIs for direct traffic -- for mix and direct traffic, I would say, sort of a warning here. I think, during COVID, it can be very misleading. Most of us in the travel space have seen really good numbers on direct traffic, on mobile use and all that because our most loyal customers, when we werent marketing as much were a bigger part of our mix than they might otherwise be. I think as we start to reinflate again in terms of a more natural travel market, those dynamics may shift somewhat. But definitely, we continue to push all in on app usage, on direct relationships on getting out of the auctions as much as we can. So, the mix has definitely shifted in our favor in terms of direct traffic, in terms of app and mobile use, et cetera. But I dont want to put too much on it because Im not sure where its going to normalize out when the market returns globally.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Deepak Mathivanan from Wolfe Research.
Deepak Mathivanan: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Couple ones. So first on Vrbo, can you talk about your efforts on the supply side? You talked about rotation into traditional lodging a little bit. How are you optimizing for -- on the supply side during this period where demand is spiking? And then, the second one, I wanted to ask about the booking window trends. Is there any notable changes now that youre seeing recovery nicely coming up? Are these mostly attributable to kind of summer bookings or more near-term bookings? Any color you can provide there would be helpful.
Peter Kern: Yes. Thanks, Deepak. Ill take the Vrbo part of it. So, weve amped up our investment in marketing and attracting Vrbo host, if you will, or owners. It has been successful. We are driving it as fast as we can. There is a lot of demand, and were focused, as you would imagine, in the most -- the most high-traffic areas where we need and can sell as much new inventories we can get. We introduced a new product, which we called the Fast Start program, where we essentially take successful hosts that are highly rated from other platforms, and we launch them quickly into our platform, and instead of having to rebuild their stature as a highly reviewed host, we sort of take as a proxy, their experience elsewhere. And we put them, if you will, very high in the sort and allow them to start up their business with us. But the reality is that Vrbo hosts on balance make more than Airbnb hosts on average. And its a great opportunity for people to monetize their assets. We think its better than any other similarly situated one. And we think owners of properties are increasingly becoming aware of that as our brand becomes more ubiquitous and as people become more used to the products. So, all our stats make for a great sales story. We just have to get it out there, and were spending more to get that story out there.
Eric Hart: Yes. And Ill just add to that, this is Eric, as well. Theres also, listen, as there a compression or when theres supply selling out, if you will, there are alternatives that were then providing. Thats part of the product experience on whether its a nearby alternative or a peer or whatever else. So, its something that were working from a product standpoint. In regards to your question on the booking trends, we continue to see elevated in the next 30 days, unconventional lodging, but it has come down from what we saw during the, call it, the depths of the pandemic. Were continuing to see, obviously, very strong demand for the summer. And even off a very small base, were seeing healthy demand for the holiday period as well. So, were starting to see it extend into away from the zero to 7 days or very near term into more healthy time periods as well and more distributed to what we have seen historically. And I would say, thats a similar story on the Vrbo side as well. But typically, it has longer booking cycles, and we continue to see that as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Kopelman from Cowen.
Kevin Kopelman: Great. Thanks a lot. I had a follow-up on the April trends that you mentioned. So, you saw a pretty dramatic improvement between January and March. Can you give us any additional color on to what extent April improved versus March because you did note that it was better? And then, within that, can you talk about the U.S. a little bit more? And did you -- have you seen the total U.S. market return to growth yet versus 2019?
Peter Kern: Kevin, Ill -- as far as April goes, I would say that weve seen modest improvement off of March. Its not linear from the negative high-40s to 20s and keep going. So, dont get too excited. But, it is directionally positive, and we hope and believe that will continue. Obviously, theres a lot of summer bookings through that spring period, and you can assume appropriately that has a lot to do with Americans getting vaccinated and being more comfortable booking their holidays for the summer. So, we expect something like that trend to continue for a while. But again, as I mentioned in my remarks, if -- we need cities to open, we need international travel up, we need other things to open. U.S. domestic travel itself cannot get us back to where we used to be on a standalone basis. Having said that, U.S. domestic travel is higher than U.S. domestic travel used to be and was in 2019, weve seen that effect. And were not disclosing the U.S. market -- the markets growth or not, but in terms of our performance, but yes, the U.S. is strong. Its driving a lot and its carrying the weight for a lot of other markets that are still closed, frankly. So, we feel very good about where the U.S. is. We hope for a lot of reasons that the rest of the world comes back, not just for our business but for their own lives. But, thats where we need more to open up.
Kevin Kopelman: Thanks, Thats really helpful. And then just on Amex, did you mention expected timing on the close here?
Peter Kern: Expect 9 to 12 months. Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Fitzgerald from Wells Fargo.
Brian Fitzgerald: Thanks, guys. A couple of clarifications on Egencia. I want to ask about the enterprise value for either Egencia or all of the combined entity on the deal. And then, clarification on the supply agreement. Does that apply just to Egencia slice of the biz, or will all of that organization be relying on EPS going forward? So, first one on Egencia. And then, the second one was just a follow-up to Naveds question at Vrbo. If youre seeing any indications of other long-term shifts in travel behavior, maybe have you seen repeat usage, hey, what we rented last summer, were doing again this summer or tailwinds with the inventory, making inroads in urban centers and resort areas where the competition has been tougher, like California? Thanks.
Eric Hart: Great. This is Eric. Ill take the first part of that question, just around Egencia. We did mention -- or I mentioned in the call that we have approximately 14% of ownership in the combined entity, and we estimate that to be worth $750 million. So, I think you can essentially do the backwards math to get to the overall estimated enterprise value and equity value for the business. On the commercial agreement itself, that in excess of $60 million based on 2019 volume. That is for the entire supply relationship that we will have with the combined business. And there are components of that thats obviously Egencia and distribution that were putting in. And obviously, we want to have a much larger relationship with them as well. So, it does represent the combined and the full estimate of that agreement.
Peter Kern: Great. And Ill jump in on the last one, which is, we havent seen a ton to suggest that things are changing. And as youve heard me say many times, Im loath to extrapolate too much from this COVID period. But for sure, there are a lot of new users of the Vrbo experience. And in general, I think the data suggests they are going back to it more frequently. But again, we are in COVID. And as long as youre comfortable with that use case, youre still comfortable with it. Now, is that sustainable? Will people go back to resorts and other things? Ive said publicly that I believe, in general, the trends of the past will continue. But, one of the trends of the past was that people were getting more and more into the use case of vacation rentals. So, I think we have accelerated that. Weve exposed more people to the product. And thats a good long-term trend for that category. But, I dont think -- and it will make people consider vacation rental as part of their choices where maybe before they had not. But, I dont think were necessarily going to be seeing a huge shift that sustains itself long-term so much as maybe a reset at a higher level for vacation rentals and then growing off of that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Ju from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Stephen Ju: Okay. Thank you so much. So Peter, I guess, more of a macro question here. So, as we look to maybe next year, I think there may be reasons to believe that the travel industry may be seeing elevated growth for the next few years, especially as the personal savings rate in our country seems to be at the highest its been in probably 50, 60 years. So, maybe the consumers are ready to go out there and maybe do some revenge travel. So, anything youre seeing so far in the data to customer-by-customer level or otherwise that can either confirm or deny the notion and the activity that youre seeing? Whether they seem more willing to splash out for more luxurious accommodations or staying longer, that sort of thing? And I think you brought up reducing friction, I think in your prepared remarks. Anything you can share in terms of where you may be now in terms of rolling out real-time bookings among your Vrbo property owners, and how much of the Vrbo inventory has been integrated into your OTA brands so far?
Peter Kern: Ill take a crack at the first one. Thanks for the question, Stephen. Im rooting for revenge travel, whatever that is. We -- the more -- whatever kind of travel people want to do, were happy to accommodate it, revenge or otherwise. I think, weve seen -- we definitely were seeing earlier in the pandemic, these longer stays, certainly in the Vacation rental space, et cetera. I think things have normalized somewhat from that. But in general, those days are longer still on an average basis. And I think were seeing ADRs are higher and -- for us, and people are spending more. Now thats a little bit of mix, but its also that hotels and Vacation rentals and desire both places have been able to push price, and consumers have been willing to pay for it. And I would say that revenge or otherwise, places like Miami demonstrate that there is huge pent-up demand to go to places where people can experience a relatively normal travel experience. And I dont know if youve been to Miami recently, but it is packed. The hotels are full. People are out everywhere. Restaurants are full. So, I think that -- and their booking levels are well above two years ago. So, if you just think about that in a macro way, you say, okay, where people can travel, where they can have a normal experience, where they feel like theyre comfortable free, whatever your words are, there is a huge amount of demand for that. So, obviously, it will spread out across the globe, as more places are like Miami. But, I think that demonstrates in a sense that there is pent-up demand for the places and the things where people can spend money.
Eric Hart: And this is Eric. Ill take the second part of the question, just around Vrbo and getting distribution on the OTA brands. So, we dont disclose the number of properties that are live on our other OTA brands. But what I will say is that we continue -- two things. One is we continue to add more properties. It was higher in Q4 than Q3, and its higher in Q1 than it was in Q4, and so we continue to make progress. And also, we continue to increase the number of OTA brands where were distributing that inventory. So, making good progress on both of those. What we ultimately need to do though is continuing to improve the customer experience. It is a different product. It has a different use case. As Peter mentioned, it has a different operational flow and customer experience. And weve made progress there. We need to make more. And it is our full intention to continue to invest behind that, get that better user experience, which I think will then continue to get more properties, and again, higher booking and a better customer experience. So, all in all, making progress, more to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jed Kelly from Oppenheimer.
Jed Kelly: Just a follow-up -- just following up on some of the Vrbo. Where would you think, I guess, since youve talked to property managers over the last five years, sort of the integration with Vrbo into Expedia has probably been a little slower than they like. So, could you just give an update on how youre doing with integrating Vrbo with Expedia? And then, it seems that some of these work-from-home trends could actually benefit leisure travel by giving people more flexibility. So, I mean, as stuff opens up, I mean, is there any brand campaigns, or how are you thinking of sort of leaning into this work from anywhere trends, and how can you benefit from that?
Eric Hart: Thanks for the question. This is Eric. Just to touch on, I think, I was giving some components of your first question a few moments ago. But, we are improving the customer experience to invest in it. Its something we have made progress and continue to invest on it and need further improvement, but were excited about the product. And I think, we dont disclose the number of properties that were distributing through our OTA brands. However, we are increasing the number. Its -- as I mentioned a couple of minutes ago, Q4 was higher than Q3, Q1 is higher than Q4, and were also increasing the number of OTA brands where were distributing that inventory. So, were making progress. I think, everyone on this call will agree, it was slower than we would have wanted it to be, but were certainly putting the organizations weight behind it because we think its a big opportunity for us.
Peter Kern: Yes. This is Peter. I would echo that the management companies were right. Its taken us too long. Were working hard on it. We want to change it for them, for us and for the consumer. But its -- getting the right consumer experience, as Eric said, is the key thing to making it successful for all of us, and thats what were really working on. As far as the work-from-home trends go, yes, weve been leaning into this from the beginning. Vrbo was pushing a lot of sort of staycations, stay nearby, school from home, and making sure people understood what the Wi-Fi and other things were. So, weve understood these trends to the extent we could, and weve tried to lean into that consumer interest. I think, longer term, we, like every company, and certainly, like every tech company are dealing with the work-from-home questions and the flexible work of the future, I think, clearly, what weve seen suggests that the world will be more flexible. And whether that means people will have the opportunity to work from other places, take longer weekends and work from somewhere, et cetera. Were going to have to see how that plays out. We hope it adds to travel, obviously. But, its too early to tell.
Operator: We will take our final question coming from the line of Mario Lu from Barclays.
Mario Lu: So, just one on the revenue per room night. This quarter, you mentioned it was up 10% year-on-year, driven by the mix shift to alternative accommodations. Just curious what was the revenue per room night if we kind of looked at it on the same room basis? Is that trending higher based off of pent-up demand? And how sustainable do you think these trends are as we continue to approach 2019 levels? Thanks.
Eric Hart: Yes. This is Eric. As you mentioned, what we have in the release is revenue per room night was up 10%. That is due to two primary factors, mix to Vrbo and then mix to the U.S. as well, where theres typically higher ADRs. We dont get into the detail of breaking out individual components. But, I would say, anecdotally, were certainly seeing ADRs improve. They continue to be down relative to, call it, 2019 levels, but sequentially improving. And Vrbo is obviously seeing some nice ADR improvements, just given the demand in that sector.
Operator: Therell be no question at this time. I will now turn the call over to Peter Kern for closing remarks.
Peter Kern: Thank you, operator. Thanks, everyone, for joining us. I hope we got your questions answered. Were feeling really good about our improvement, and we hope the world continues to open up. Please get your vaccines or tell your friends, and please keep your thoughts with all our friends in India. And thank you for joining us. Well talk to you next quarter.
Eric Hart: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-11 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Katrina. And I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Expedia Group Fourth Quarter 2020 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute, to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I'll now like to turn the call over to Patrick Thompson, Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance.
Patrick Thompson: Good afternoon. And welcome to Expedia Group's financial results conference call for the fourth quarter ended December 31st, 2020. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by our CEO, Peter Kern, and our CFO, Eric Hart. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, February 11, 2021 only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking, typically preceded by words such as we plan, we expect, we believe, we anticipate, we are optimistic or confident that, or similar statements. Please refer to today's earnings release and the company's filings with the SEC, for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You will find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the company's Investor Relations website at, ir.expediagroup.com. And I encourage you to periodically visit our IR website for other important content. Unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense, and technology and content expense exclude stock-based compensation. And all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2019. Please note that, depreciation expense is now reported in a separate line item and prior periods have been restated to reflect this change. And with that, let me turn the call over to Peter.
Peter Kern: Thank you very much, Pat. And good afternoon, everybody. Thank you for joining us. I'll be fairly brief as the fourth quarter, of course, kind of reflected what the rest of the year looked like and so much as it was a bumpy ride. COVID news dominated, of course, everything in travel. And I would say that, we saw a mixed world of some optimism coming from the vaccine rollouts beginning, mixed with obviously very bad news on caseloads across the globe, closures in many countries, restrictions all over the various geographies. So with that, as the background, we're happy to turn the page on the year and move into 2021. I will say that, on the whole, as you saw in our release, booking trends in the fourth quarter pretty much near the third quarter at about down 60% for total gross lodging bookings, net of cancellations that did moderate towards the holiday season. And the end of the quarter, and we saw that moderate into the high 50s down. And that has - that improvement has seemed to continue through January. And in the latter part of January, we've seen down in the high 40s. So, the trends are generally good, although, very bad or for all, going in the right direction. But I would caution everybody that, we continue to expect it to be bumpy as this is a story of a thousand different geographies. And a thousand different facts sets around the virus and, of course, vaccine rollouts, et cetera. We did see that improvement overall, driven by Vrbo, not a big surprise. That continues to be a terrific use case with the whole home market being very attractive. Family travel being very attractive in that form. And North America generally has been a relative bright spot, of course, our relative strength in North America certainly helps us in that. So we continue to hope and expect vaccine rollout to drive consumer confidence and drive things forward. But we certainly are not trying to predict what consumer sentiment will be as the buyers changes over the ensuing months. So we continue to expect a bumpy ride. We are watching for what governments are doing, what the rules may be on international travel or things like travel passports, et cetera, with the goal just of making that process as soonest as we can for our travelers and getting people back moving again. We know there's a lot of pent-up demand, and we certainly want to serve it as much as we can. With that market background in mind, in the fourth quarter, we were investing more heavily in marketing. This was intended to get ahead of what we thought would be the coming demand from the vaccine rollouts, but it was largely focused certainly on the upper funnel brand marketing side on Vrbo, where we knew there was a lot of momentum, and as I've said before on these calls, we are using this moment to try to drive as much brand recognition and long-term value and to the brand over time. So we pushed into Vrbo. On the Performance marketing side, which we view as more of a quick twitch muscle. We have continued to be relatively conservative. Again, we saw lots of closures happen across the globe. Those closures drive massive cancellation spikes. And they can make performance marketing very unattractive very quickly when it goes the wrong way. So we have been relatively conservative. And in that vein, we have actually removed Vrbo from Google's vacation rental meta product. Again, our focus is as much as possible, on driving direct traffic, driving incremental profitability from all our performance marketing and as we see opportunity to remove unprofitable activities, we do that. And as we leg back into a more normal market, we think we'll be able to drive more into the upper funnel, more direct traffic and be much more calculated in performance marketing. On the rest of the marketing side, and this is really about brand differentiation and geographic differentiation. I've talked about this before, but we continue to focus on driving whatever brands make sense, wherever they are in the globe. So for example, we have leaned heavily into our Wotif brand in Australia, a company we bought years ago. It's a very strong domestic brand in Australia, particularly associated with domestic travel, which has been the primary use case, and we're seeing good reaction from the market by doing that. And we are looking at that everywhere. That goes for Vrbo as well, which is not a global brand. It has strength, particularly in North America, but there are parts of Europe where we have other brands that are stronger. Australia, we have another brand called Space - that's stronger. So we are leaning into those and seeing good growth across all our alternate accommodation brands in our strong markets. Longer term, I would just point out that, in addition to driving that brand neutrality, if you will, we are also intending to drive alternative accommodations through our OTA brands. We haven't - we've been saying that for a long time. We are now highly focused on doing it. It's not ready to roll yet. We do, do it, but it is not - the consumer experience is not yet where we want it, but we are highly focused on driving that in the future. And that will be the way we attack markets where we don't have an existing Vrbo or other alternative accommodation brand. And then finally, we continue to do work on the marketing side on just brand differentiation and segmenting the market and Brand Expedia, our biggest pool of OTA brand, will be rolling out in the spring with a new campaign focused on essentially the complete trip, Brand Expedia is the most complete OTA and we are going to focus on people who are trying both multiple things, more complex trips, we think there is a big opportunity there and the brand does sufficiently ran the message over the years, so we are optimistic about the new approach to that. On the other side of the house, and perhaps the most important place we are investing our time, energy and calories which we've talked about frequently, is the tech platform. That continues to be a key focus of ours. I just want to point out this is an area of opportunity for us. It will be years of mining that opportunity, and 2021 is an important year where we expect to have significant delivery on important steps forward on simplifying our tech platform. And we are keenly focused on that, along with being focused on turning ourselves into a Tier 1 tech company and looking for and building systems to find and retain and recruit great talent and retain our great talent that we have and build Tier 1 tech enterprise that focus is keenly on solving consumer problems and our business partner problems, and we think we're well on our way to that. And finally, I'll end with something that's a little less easy to calculate by revenue or margin, but I think it's equally critical to the success of our enterprise going forward, which is that end of this year, we re-landed, reset our company mission, purpose and values with an emphasis on travel being a force for good, bringing people together, broadening horizons and strengthening connections. And we think, obviously, in this time and place that the US and the world is in, that is obviously an important role we play in the world. But we want to bring that to everything we do, everything we do in the product, and really express that through the experience. And in doing that, we also acknowledged as a company that what we do has impact on the environment, and we are refocusing ourselves on the facts that travel creates on the environment, particularly and initially around tools and information to help our travelers and help our suppliers make better choices to help drive better outcomes for the environment. So that's an important push for us. And then finally, we've made some bold, ambitious goals for ourselves around diversity and inclusion in terms of our workforce. And it really goes beyond our workforce because we really want to express that through travel as well. There are many people who have challenges and having successful travel outcomes, we have not done enough to help all people in that. And we want to drive that through everything we do, every time we roll a product out, every time we think about building a product and the consumer experience, and we intend to drive that through the business. So with that, I'll just close by saying expect things to be bumpy for a while. I don't think this is linear, what we've been going through, and I don't think we should expect it to become linear. We are optimistic that when consumer confidence comes back, when people feel confident that the vaccine rollout is going well, that they will be able to travel. We clearly see demand and I think we're just going to power through it. And when consumers are ready to travel, we're going to be there. And with that, I will turn it over to Eric. Thank you.
Eric Hart: Thanks, Peter. Thank you, also, for joining the call as well. Coming into 2020, we've talked a lot about driving margin expansion as being one of our key priorities, and we're pleased we've made significant progress in a number of areas along those fronts. The first, I want to touch on is on a fixed cost basis. We talked since start of the year at a range of $300 million to $500 million. We upped that during the year last year and then upped it to $700 million to $750 million range. We now believe that we will be at the higher end of that $700 million to $750 million range for fixed cost savings, relative to our 2019 exit rate. We have achieved approximately $675 million on a run rate basis. And we expect to realize largely all of the cost savings by the end of 2021. As mentioned previously, when projecting for, do keep in mind that we will have annual increases and expect to invest in areas of the business where we see attractive opportunities as well. On the variable cost of revenue side, we remain on track for over $200 million in annual savings based on 2019 volume levels. The three key drivers are improved economics through our payments platform, expansion of our conversations at costs and lower variable cloud costs as well. Similar to the fixed cost initiatives, we expect to realize largely all of these variable cost savings by the end of 2021. Although given the costs are volume based, the savings will not be fully evident until we reach more normalized business levels. Shifting to our Q4 results. I wanted to start by providing details on two one-time items that distorted our P&L and reduced adjusted EBITDA by approximately $65 million. First, we recognized approximately $125 million of contra revenue, related to third-party travel insurance due primarily to higher pandemic related cancellations. We restructured our commercial terms and recorded the expense in Q4 and so that we will not impact our unit economics of those products and also our P&L going forward. Excluding this impact, the Q4 revenue decline improved by 4% to 62% year-over-year. We continue to believe insurance products are a key part of our offer, and also provide terrific customer experience and protection for them going forward to continue to - we plan to continue to invest in that area. And when you look at 2020, the insurance line of business was profitable, despite the adjustment that we made and despite substantially less revenue. The second one-time change was a favorable adjustment to personnel costs. Given the impact to our business in 2020, we decided to shift cash bonuses, which we accrued at 50% throughout the year to equity this year for the vast majority of our employees. As a result, in Q4, we reversed approximately $60 million of bonus expense that accrued in the first three quarters of the year. The related cash savings will come in Q1 of 2021, when bonuses are typically paid. We recognize the majority of this bonus benefit and overhead expenses. Excluding the bonus accrual reversal, overhead expenses declined 31% year-over-year in Q4, similar to the year-over-year decline in Q3. The bonus reversal had minimal impact on cost of revenue, which declined 47%, and the disposal of Bodybuilding.com provided approximately a 5% benefit. Moving generally on to bonuses. We also made the strategic decision this quarter to shift our compensation structure away from annual cash bonuses going forward, with the vast majority of our fully funded annual bonus program being converted to salary. We anticipate approximately $50 million in extra quarterly payroll costs, starting in Q2 of 2020 relative to Q1 2020, mainly due to this change. Moving on marketing efficiency, we have been investing more in brand spend, Peter mentioned that, to drive direct traffic at the top of the funnel, while at the same time, operating at higher ROI and variable channels. We believe this approach, along with the benefits of unifying all of our retail marketing data and technology will enable us to be much more strategic in how we balance volume, profitability in both the, short and the long-term. As Peter mentioned, we leaned particularly heavily into additional brand marketing Vrbo to take advantage of the demand in alternative accommodations. And we have continued to prudently weigh back into performance marketing, where we see demand. Overall, the efficiency initiatives, we've executed during COVID will enable us to emerge from the disruption leaner, faster and with improved margins. In total, adjusted EBITDA was negative $160 million in Q4 and when normalizing for the two non-recurring items I just walked through, it was negative $95 million. On to free cash flow, it is typically negative for us in Q4, due to seasonality of our profit and working capital. And as such, was negative this quarter as well in Q4 as well, 513 negative - negative $513 million on a reported basis. Moving on to cash, we ended the year with total unrestricted cash and short-term investments of $3.4 billion, which is about $1 billion lower than we, ended Q3. During the quarter, we repaid the remaining $650 million outstanding on our revolver, which accounted for the majority of the change in cash. We head into 2021 in a strong liquidity position, with the $3.4 billion in cash and an essentially untaxed $2 billion revolver. As the business recovers over the next few years, we remain committed to deleveraging back to our historical capital structure. Turning to 2021. While, we remain optimistic about, the vaccines and look forward to travel recovering. As Peter mentioned, visibility on what the recovery will look like and near-term trends remains low at this point. Given the current trends and typical seasonality, we do expect a significant adjusted EBITDA loss in the quarter. As a reminder, Q1 is historically the lowest revenue and profit quarter of the year. In terms of 2021 forecasting, just to give you a bit of insight on costs, overhead costs are the part of the P&L, where we have the most visibility. We expect overhead costs in Q1 to be similar to Q4, before the impact of changes to the bonus accrual. We expect overhead in Q2 to step up by approximately $50 million, principally due to the shift away from bonus compensation, that I mentioned earlier and a lapping of temporary COVID-related savings from 2020. In closing, while there is considerable uncertainty remaining on what the recovery will look like, we feel good about where we are from a margin expansion. We feel good about our liquidity position. And we're confident that we're taking the right steps to accelerate in the recovery. With that, thank you. And Katrina, we're ready for our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan of UBS. Your line is open.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks for taking my question. Maybe two follow ups on alternative accommodations, when you're seeing the strength there, can we get a little bit better sense of whether that's coming through the branded sites and apps for what's already in the marketplace? Or is that coming through the core Expedia brand? Can we understand a little bit better, how you're thinking about conversion and including more alternative accommodation inventory within the Expedia brand? Or do you think that might be, as you optimize for outcomes as demand returns? Thanks so much.
Peter Kern: Yes. Thanks, Eric. Happy to address that. So just to be clear, the vast, vast, vast - virtually off of the success in alternatives and Vrbo has been through the branded Vrbo sites or as I mentioned, some of the sub-brands that are specific to countries. We have a very modest business in the alternative space that happens through our OTAs. It has been a less than satisfactory product that we are working on aggressively, but it is a small, small part of the business. We do believe, though, that in time, that can be an important part of the business, particularly when you think about markets where Expedia or Hotels.com or any of our OTAs might have strong brands, but Vrbo is basically non-presence as a brand. So we think that's a scenario where being able to pipe that through is really valuable. We think even in markets where they overlap, there can be use cases where customers are coming into Expedia or another brand and could absolutely want an alternative accommodation and want to see that option revealed as against hotel and other kinds of options. And then I would just add that, while you didn't ask it, I think there's - we believe there's a big opportunity for alternative accommodations through our B2B partners, which it is not currently really piped to do. So those are all opportunities to continue to expand on the alternative space. And I think to take advantage of what we have in terms of supply, but what we don't necessarily have on the brand side to drive it in certain markets. Hope that
Eric Sheridan: Thank you.
Peter Kern: Yes. We are ready for the next question, yes. Please.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Naved Khan from Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Naved Khan: Yes. Thanks a lot. Maybe just a quick clarification. On the lodging trends that you called out here in terms of January into like 50s and maybe 40s recently. Is it fair to assume that most of the improvement versus Q4 is driven by the US and not much of a change in the geos? And then with respect to Vrbo, could you guys just to break it out separately and then more recently, you've been consolidating. Is this - does it make sense for you to, again, start to share more details with investors so that maybe we can give more credit to performance in that in the business?
Peter Kern: Okay. I'll take those questions in order, I guess. First of all, the - I would say the lion's share of the improvement, yes, is due to strength in North America compared to other places. I mean, it is a tale of many stories in different markets, has come back at different rates, but I would say in terms of any big drivers, North America has generally retained more willingness to move around people engaging in more travel, less we haven't had government shutdowns in the way we have in other places. So yes, I would say North America is probably the bulk of the story over that month or so. The - to your second question, no we don't intend to break it out not because we don't want to make all of your lives easier, but because we because we believe it's one business. Essentially, as I mentioned about piping Vrbo content through the OTAs, and we view this as just another product that a traveler will want. It's not - obviously, it's having a great moment, and we're glad that we own it, and we believe we can ride some of the success travelers being exposed to the product type in a new way. But we view it collectively, and we view it as one business that we're driving whatever the best outcome for the consumers and driving that outcome across all lines of business. So, we think this separation has been artificial effectively, and we're not planning to report it that way in the future.
Naved Khan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next question, we have Brian Nowak from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking my question. I have 2 guys. The first one, curious to hear about how have your conversations and your relationships with your hotel suppliers sort of evolve throughout the crisis and then the recovery? And sort of what are some of their tension points that you're really hoping to solve better through the recovery than maybe you have in the past? And the second one, I know you've done a lot of great steps to sort of improve data sharing and sort of optimize processes. Any new examples of areas you found where you weren't sharing data enough for sort of other ways in which you've been able to optimize the business more coming out than you were previously?
Peter Kern: Yes. Thanks for the question. I might sort of smash those two together a little bit, which is relations have been quite good with the hoteliers. I think we're all aligned and hoping and working towards helping them come out of it. We've renewed a number of agreements without much debate. And I think our focus has been really on doing more to help the hotelier, as you alluded to, through data, but some of the examples include things like optimized distribution, which we've talked about before where we essentially become the wholesale distribution point for a number of hotels. We've done this with a few chains now. And that gives us an opportunity to help them clean up the marketplace, where they might have a wholesale market that is perhaps being abused by some players and driving the wrong outcomes for them. And with our technology and with our approach, we can help clean that up for them, and we think that's a net positive for both of us. Similarly, we have been sharing more data. We're working hard on new tools to provide more data to drive real-time decision-making for hoteliers, so that they can optimize revenue in better ways. And of course, we're doing our part to try to drive and improve the product so that we can sell higher value rooms, room types, upsell product, et cetera, so that we can help drive ADRs and overall revenue. So there's a lot of work going on. I think we're tightly aligned in wanting the hotel to come out and be successful. I think the hotels understand and appreciate the role we play in a rebound, and it's been a quite good environment and good relationships all around, and we're all working hard to try to rebuild the market.
Brian Nowak: Okay. Thanks
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Lloyd Walmsley from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Lloyd Walmsley: Great. Thanks. Two, if I can. First, it sounds like you're making some big moves like pulling Vrbo out of Google Metasearch. As you think about performance marketing coming out of the pandemic, any other big shifts you'd call out strategically? And kind of how do you see direct marketing spend as a percent of revenue, maybe when we get back to a normalized environment? And then just second one; if we go back to when you took over, I mean, Barry had some pretty harsh comments about over, I mean, Barry had some pretty harsh comments about the work-life balance at Expedia. Curious, what have you all been doing to kind of change the culture at the company? How is morale holding up given a tough travel environment and all the changes going on? Anything you can share there would be great. Thanks.
Peter Kern: Yeah. Well, maybe I'll take those in reverse order. Thanks for the questions, Lloyd. I think morale is quite good. I think people are energized. I think in the early days, there was fear of survival and all those kinds of things. We're long past that. I think we are trying to drive a performance culture, a culture that gets a lot done, and we've shrunk the company considerably in terms of manpower. So people are working hard. People are tackling big issues. This replatforming of our entire tech stack, it's a big undertaking and there's a ton of work going on there. There's a ton of work going on with suppliers, as we just talked about, ton of work going on for the customer. So I think morale is quite good. We're trying to build a culture where people who want to win and want to thrive, feel inspired to do their best work. And I think that's what we're doing. Does that appeal to everybody, maybe not, but that is what we're driving? And I think there's a lot of energy behind that. So I would say morale is good. People are engaged. People feel good about our new mission and our purpose, and I think we're all aligned behind that. As far as the performance goes and Eric, jump in, if you want to as well. But I would say, we're very sharp-minded about it in the sense that we're happy to invest in anything that drives incremental profitability, good revenue and good profits. And we're not keen to continue on a path of just continuing where investment was not productive. So we didn't find investment in the Google VR product, particularly incremental. We didn't think the customer experience was particularly valuable. And we are, of course, also in a period where we're seeing great direct traffic for Vrbo. So we found other ways and, in our view, more profitable ways to drive traffic. As far as the rest of performance marketing goes and performance marketing for hotels and Meta, et cetera, the different products for the consumer. It's a different proposition and clearly has historically had value for the consumer. I think we feel like we will continue to play at it. I think we will continue to improve at it. I've talked before about how we've smashed together our performance marketing teams, where we wiring all the data streams. We're pushing towards multi-brand algorithms and things we haven't done before. So we think we're going to get much better at it in terms of being able to optimize for the portfolio. And continue to use it, hopefully very effectively. But right now, there are no - I wouldn't say there are big tectonic shifts in what we're seeing as to how we would apply that money other than we're going to be very clinical about it, in terms of looking for and driving the best veins of profitability we can, wherever they are.
Eric Hart: Yeah. This is Eric. Thanks for the question. And just on the marketing as a percent of revenue, just to touch on that. We're not at this point, solving for a specific percentage. Ultimately, we're in this COVID period. And so we're - as we talked about, waiting back prudently into performance channels and then investment in brand where we think it's appropriate, particularly on Vrbo. But, as Peter mentioned, there's just a ton of work that's going on, for example, in performance channels, leveraging our overall data, multi-brand bidding, as Peter just mentioned, but ultimately multi-brand bidding, as Peter just mentioned, but ultimately trying to understand as well, lifetime value and incrementality as well. And so, those are new muscles, in particular, given the scale, the way we're running the business now and the scale of the data that we're aggregating together. So I think there's more to learn there. And then on the brand side, that just has a very different profile than performance and that it has longer return periods. And so, we're confident to invest behind the brands, obviously, doing that behind Vrbo. We expect to do that even more, in some of our other brands as we narrow in on specific value propositions. And line of product behind those. And then, the marketing associated as well. So a long-winded way of saying, we don't have a specific percentage that we're solving for now. But we're certainly spending a lot of time trying to improve on the marketing side and the value proposition and related marketing.
Lloyd Walmsley: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Eric Hart: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Kopelman from Cowen & Company. Your line is open.
Kevin Kopelman: Great. Thanks a lot. I just had a couple of follow-ups. So I was hoping to drilling to, some of the improvement that you've seen, in the January trends, as the declines have gone from the high 60s to the high 40s, at the end of January. So, what do you see as the key drivers there? And did you get a sense if, the decline in COVID-19 cases and the vaccine rollout that, we're having impact on the consumer demand there? And then, what kind of - within that, what kind of growth rates did Vrbo experience in January? Thanks.
Eric Hart: Yeah. Peter, do you want me to take this one? Go ahead.
Peter Kern: Jump in anywhere, Eric. But I would just say, Kevin that broadly, as I mentioned, the improvements were in North America and Vrbo was a strong part of it. It's hard to say, whether it's correlated to the improvement in cases that tends to be - sometimes you think everyone should be feeling better and it doesn't show up and sometimes you feel the opposite. But I would say that, Vrbo tends to be long dated. The summer, obviously, is a strong opportunity for the Vrbo use case. And we're seeing people lean into that as the year opens up. And so, by and large, the blending towards that, we have seen some improvement in conventional lodging, again, particularly in North America. But I would say it's a little bit of a Vrbo continued health and even amplified health going into the summer months, et cetera. And a little bit of improvement in the more conventional spaces. And I don't think we'll break out exactly, how good it was, but Vrbo has been strong. Eric, I don't know if you want to add anything.
Eric Hart: Yeah. The only add that, I add to that is just around - and you touched on it, which is the booking windows and what we've seen is a bit of a bifurcation, which we've talked about before. But historically, during COVID, we saw a shortening of booking windows. We've continued to see that on the conventional lodging or on the hotel side of the business. But what we've seen is, Vrbo elongate again. And look much more like we would have expected to see any other year, which gets back to the summer bookings that Peter is mentioning. And so I suspect we know there's pent-up demand. People want to travel. And I think people have confidence that they're going to be able to travel at least domestically using the U.S. as an example. And so they're starting to book those summer months now.
Kevin Kopelman: Great, it's very helpful. And then on, kind of a follow-up on the last question and along those lines, how has - how should we think about as being - how should we think about ad spend kind of playing out? You've seen the bookings picking up as a base case, should we just kind of assume that - ad spend is trending in kind of, similarly on a year-over-year basis? Or do you see having to spend ahead of demand in the kind of rebound scenario? How has that played out at the start of the year?
Peter Kern: Yes. I think, we definitely don't want to be behind. So if anything, we will - we'll certainly invest in getting - capturing the demand. I think, as Eric mentioned, there's its funny thing that happened where stay dates and book dates were much closer together for a large part of 2020. If 2021 starts to look more normal, which it seems to be doing, then we'll start to see that expand again. And I think in that vein, you may see us investing in capturing that demand even if that demand is not staying for some time. And so you may see some dislocation, I would expect or bumpiness in the numbers in terms of when the marketing spend is versus when the revenue recognition is but we certainly don't plan to be back on our heels. We - as I mentioned, we have a strong campaign that we're working on for Brand Expedia. We've got - we've certainly consistently stating, and we'll stay in the Vrbo upper funnel work on brand, Hotels.com, the same. So I think, you'll see that continue, and we will continue to lean in as we believe the market and demand is opening up, no question.
Kevin Kopelman: Thanks so much.
Eric Hart: And yes, Kevin, just one quick add on that. Hopefully, it's helpful as well. And Peter mentioned it briefly, but just around the revenue recognition, just a reminder for everyone, when it comes to lodging, that we recognize that revenue at the time of stage, generally speaking. And as we mix into Vrbo with their longer booking windows, particularly in the summer, then you're going to see more of that revenue on the transactions that we're - a lot of those that we're seeing now, get pushed out into the later months. So then when you go back to look at marketing, it's a bit bumpier to use Peter's word, just because we're spending now elevated in Vrbo in lots of different ways where the revenue may be more down the line.
Kevin Kopelman: Thanks a lot. Operator Your next question comes from the line of Justin Post from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Justin Post: Great. Thank you. I guess, just wondering if you're seeing anything in your traffic for your core businesses that give you any optimism on the summer, very front end planning or through some of your other sites that you have. Are you seeing any uptick there as people start looking forward to the summer? And second, do you have any thoughts on how you're doing market share-wise in the industry right now, especially in alternative accommodations. But just overall, how do you feel about how your market share is trending right now?
Peter Kern: Yes. I'll take that one first, and let me come back to the other question. But I would say, to be specific in this question, in alternative combinations in our strong markets, we believe we have seen very good share and share growth relative to our competition. But I would say, overall, each of we and our main competitors have different warts and different good guys. We have a very good guy with Vrbo and the use case and where we have supply and where people are wanting to travel. But conversely, we also conventionalizing have a heavy - a strong presence in major cities and international travel, both of which obviously have been hurt equally. I could point to any one of our competitors who has the inversion of that and has is better in secondary cities, et cetera, maybe better in alternative accommodations in markets where we don't even have a presence. Some of those markets are shut. Some of those markets are strong. It's a tale of many stories. So I think as it comes to share, we think we're doing well, where we're strong, certainly in alternative accommodations and overall in North America. But there are certainly competitors who have better solutions for certain use cases, and they're seeing benefit from that. So I think it's really - I would caution anybody to get too excited about share, one way or the other during this because the dislocation really creates a bunch of unique stories. And you can - I would think one could get fooled by a trend that's not a trend. It's just a moment of how people are using travel right now. So - but we have gained and we're happy about that, and in our strongest markets and, particular, in VR. I think your other question was on traffic. The answer is we see a lot of booking. It's not entirely clear that it's all for summer or - which - not - I don't think there's anything that tells you there's something specific people are searching for specific time zone, but we are seeing interest in the holidays already at the end of next - the end of this year. It's still relatively small, but stronger than it had been a year ago. We're seeing trends like that. Some are very strong in alternatives, still highly muted in conventional lodging. And I would just say, there are a lot of things we're seeing that contra being what people think is going on. We see a lot of interest in cities, in terms of quick share and people looking not necessarily booking, but there's plenty of people looking at travel to cities and other things. So, I think it's - I think the looking is not yet indicative of a pattern of booking, but there's tons of interest for sure.
Justin Post: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Fitzgerald from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Brian Fitzgerald: Thanks. One housekeeping maybe and then one other one, just to confirm the - that 500 bps of contra revenue related to the COVID claims and the third-party insurance, that was not added back to EBITDA, I think I heard that. And then Trivago talked yesterday about the trend towards apartment hotels and chains getting into that as transient and group business may struggle to come back or slower. Any thoughts on how hotel inventory might lean into that leisure or long-term stay for pneumatic workers or your thoughts on how you guys would benefit from that trend? Thanks
Eric Hart: Thanks for the question. I can take the first part. It was contra revenue, as mentioned, and it was not added back to EBITDA. I think I just gave in the upfront portion, just what the EBITDA would have been if we would have taken that ounce or yes.
Peter Kern: And I'll just - yes, Brian, I'll just say, haven't given a tremendous amount of thought. I think we've seen hotels historically try to play at in the alternative space in different ways. Hasn't been a particularly large part of anybody's business. No one's made it into a big success, really. I think many of these trends; I think most of the hotel industry thinks will be relatively short-lived. Then they'll be back at it in a conventional way. But I'm sure we'll see experimentation there. I don't think it particularly favors or disfavors us. We play in virtually every product class. And if we can help hotelier sell those kinds of longer stay, apartment-type stay products through Vrbo, we're certainly delighted to do that. But I don't think for us, it's a trend one way or the other that will - that is particularly good or particularly bad. I think it's just maybe a slight shift for some it's just maybe a slight shift for some hoteliers, but not a big difference for us.
Brian Fitzgerald: Thanks, Eric. Thanks, Peter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Ju from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Stephen Ju: Okay. Thank you so much. So Peter, maybe go back in history a little bit. I think part of the pain point for Vrbo in the past when it was a public company was to make sure you don't get de-ranked in the search results because of duplicative content. I think as you try to integrate, say, Abritel's inventory onto Homeaway.com or Vrbo.com. So, as you work to integrate the Vrbo content itself onto your OTA properties, is a potential traffic loss or degradation something that we need to worry about in the future? And I guess, what do you think you need to do to address from a consumer experience standpoint for that seamless integration of inventory, so that to the consumer, they are more willing to pick either or maybe more the alternative accommodations on Brand Expedia? Thanks.
Peter Kern: Yeah. Thanks, it's a good question. And to the first part, I think, yes, there's lots of stories in the panels of those of us who play in the world of Google, et cetera, of being de-ranked things and a lot of learning has gone into that. Obviously, we'll have to watch that as we roll it out. But I think you shouldn't think of this necessarily as a peanut butter approach, not all lodging is sort of parallel. So if someone's looking for a hotel for two people in Paris, offering them an apartment for 10 people, not necessarily a solution or a house in the south of south of France. So, I think there will be different solutions. I think we're working through what the consumer experience should be. Some of our competitors have done well putting those things next to each other. But again, it's particularly when they can sort of match up relatively the use case, so the small apartment versus the small hotel room. Right now, Vrbo is largely oriented towards the whole home experience, mostly in secondary places, vacation places, et cetera. So it's really a question of as you get those opportunities, and you want to go to the beach somewhere, how do those things line up, how does the product reveal it in an attractive way and not confuse the consumer, et cetera. So it's really an end-to-end so we have to do, which is what - how does the consumer want to digest it? How can we service the right things for them? And then how do we give them the benefit of the information and the service and all the things one might be used to in a home rental that are different when you rent a hotel room essentially. So, there's a lot of work going into that. I don't have an absolute answer for you, except we know that there is demand. We know that there's a question of getting discovery in places where we don't have brands. We know there is demand from our B2B partners. So we know there's opportunity, but we still have work to do to make sure the consumer experience makes sense.
Stephen Ju: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Douglas Anmuth from JPMorgan. Your line
Douglas Anmuth: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Peter, you mentioned that Vrbo isn't global, and you have other VR brands in Europe, for example, just trying to understand what you're doing to build out Vrbo there? Or are you content letting some of the other brands do more vacation in those geos? Thanks.
Peter Kern: Yeah. I think where we have strong brands we are perfectly content to drive those brands. I think we have opportunity to drive them with the same techniques, that we have created and made effective in Vrbo, whether that's from our creative, our approach to performance marketing, et cetera, et cetera. So, there's no reason we can't take a brand like Space in Australia. And drive that through. And there is no little benefit to absolutely turning it into Vrbo. That being said, there are some markets, where we have converted to Vrbo. And we are going to invest behind that brand. And we'll do that in some places as well. So I think you'll see a combination of places where, Vrbo is the right answer. You'll see a few places where we're intent to use some strong local, long-dated brands that have real brand awareness and stickiness. And then as I say, we'll use our other OTA brands and other things to drive it in places where or neither exists. And where we don't think it's worth trying to start a brown from scratch.
Douglas Anmuth: Thank you.
Peter Kern: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Clarke from Bernstein. Your line is open.
Richard Clarke: Hi there. Thanks for taking my questions. Just at the top of the call, you mentioned using alternatives in B2B more. Just wondering what that will look like? Is that going to be a sort of white label product? Or how would you see that coming through? And I can just ask another one. With the charge you've taken this quarter. And the pandemic in general, is there any sort of change in the way you think about the flexibility of that to consumers that's changing kind of looking into next year and any uncertainty continues? Thanks.
Peter Kern: Eric, do you want to take the second one first? I'm sorry. I'm happy to take it. Well, we're constantly trying - I think we've got a number of initiatives to build out more insurance and assurance products. It's one of the areas that we think is consumers want it. They're telling us they want it. We have some offerings there. We think we can expand those offerings. We've got a great team that's going off and executing against it. So I would say generally, we think it's a great product for everyone all around. And we're going to invest around it and innovate around the offerings. From a flexibility standpoint, that's certainly something that's top of mind for us. I don't think it necessarily dips into insurance itself. But of course, we've looked at the terms associated with those, and those have been modified relative to the situation that we're in, i.e. whether you have COVID or been exposed and so on and so forth. And so there's, adjustments that have been made to those policies to make them relevant. But generally speaking, we're trying to make sure that we give offerings. We communicate flexibility. Most of our products have flexibility built to them in one form or another. And we're making sure that we're promoting those on the site, so that customers can make appropriate decisions. I hope that's helpful.
Eric Hart: Yeah. Thanks. And I'll just say, Richard, on as the B2B through our - excuse me, alternatives to our B2B partners I remind, everyone that we have a quite healthy B2B business. It takes many forms, including powering rewards programs, powering regional OTAs in places where we are not, in some places where we are and even offline travel agents. And we think there's a lot of use cases and all of that for alternative accommodations. We have not been wired to do it, goes to our tech platform that I talked about frequently. And - but we believe when we can do it, there will be significant demand opportunities in those vectors. So it could take the form of a white label product in certain kinds of circumstances. It could equally take the form of being part of a broader template where we power everything in our rewards program, and that's flights and conventional and alternative right now because the alternative product has not been strong even in our own OTAs. We just don't have a product offering that's particularly compelling for our B2B partners. So that's coming as we build the flexibility into our platform and as we master the alternative accommodations on our own OTAs. We just see it as the opportunity space.
Peter Kern: Yes. And just to add to that, I mean, there's certainly demand from our B2B partners for that inventory. And as Peter said, that can get distributed based on different types of B2B partners, but that's a rewards program, et cetera, that could be template. That could be API. And we just got to make sure that we have, on the template, the right experience and on the API, the right data that folks made to be able to incorporate it into whatever site or however we're powering it.
Richard Clarke: Wonderful. Thanks so much.
Peter Kern: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mario Lu from Barclays. Your line is open.
Mario Lu: Great. Thanks for taking the question. So just curious to hear your high-level thoughts on capital allocation with $3.4 billion of cash on hand. Do you see this environment as one where you might find some value via M&A, where it might make some strategic sense despite still waiting for a recovery? And the second one, you guys are removing Vrbo listings from Google. Any color you could provide on what percentage of bookings came from that historically? Thanks.
Peter Kern: Yes, I can take the first part, Peter, which is I think, our focus continues to be for the moment on stabilization and recovery. I think, we've gotten through the stabilization, and we're in that recovery phase, if you will, and call it the early innings of that. So I do think that we feel like we're in a great position, as mentioned, with the $3.4 billion, plus the $2 billion on the revolver. But I - from a capital allocation standpoint, I want to make sure that we can invest behind our brands and feel comfortable we'll be able to take whatever level of risk we decide to do so that we can be relevant in that recovery and be in that conversation with consumers. When it comes to the debt side of the house, which you didn't ask, obviously, we paid the $650 million off of the revolver to get that back up to the $2 billion. But at this point, I would say we're in that recovery phase, and not obviously looking to return capital. But down the line, I suspect we will want to take down our debt, get back to investment grade, all the good things we've talked about in previous quarters. And then we could talk about how do we think about returning capital. Now more specifically on your question on M&A, I would say, we're more in an opportunistic posture at this moment. We've got a strong legacy in M&A as a company, as you will know. We are certainly out and having conversations and seeing what might be opportunistic, if you will. But right now, I would say we're primarily focused on ourselves and making sure that we get our data platform right. We got our marketing right, we can invest behind the business.
Eric Hart: Yes. And I would just cap that answer with our historical M&A, which was successful also is what made us as complicated as we were as a company. And we are keen to make sure we don't make those mistakes again. It doesn't mean we will never buy something, doesn't mean that we won't find opportunities, but we are not - that is not going to be the core of what drives us. And then on the Vrbo question, Google VR was not particularly significant. And we concluded that it was not additive, which is why we made the move we made. And so it's not - it wasn't like we set a substantial part of our business and just took a shot across the value. We just believed that it was not a particularly critical piece of our business, and we're not adding value, and we made a decision.
Mario Lu: Great. That makes a lot of sense. Thank you, both.
Peter Kern: Thank you.
Operator: We will now take our final question coming from the line of Andrew Boone from JMP Securities. Your line is open.
Andrew Boone: Hi, guys. Thanks for getting me in. One of your alternative accommodation competitors talks about kind of the exclusivity of their listings. Can you talk about any of your efforts there to expand your alternative accommodation listings? And I think you guys historically have talked about lack of inventory in more price-sensitive areas. Can you just give an update there? And then secondly, as we - we're seeing the first signs of recovery, can you just provide an update on your marketing tech stack and whether you guys feel like you're ready to lean in there? Thank you.
Peter Kern: Sure. So I would say on the listing side, we and our competitors have a fair amount of exclusivity. Sometimes that's because of geography, sometimes that's because of tight. It's a bunch of different things that drive it. We're not spending a huge amount of time trying to figure out how to just make our inventory entirely exclusive. We're trying to spend our time building the category. I think that's probably broadly true for them as well. As far as increasing inventory, hasn't been a particularly great market for doing that between home turnover between people living in their second homes and other things. It's been a challenging time. We have seen some compression in certain markets that we serve, and we are focused on expanding inventory in those places. But because of the challenges broadly in the market, we haven't just been really knowing trying to grow supply all over the place. So we are focused on the places where we know there's lots of demand, where we know there's compression as a first order of business. And over time, as the market normalizes and we see an opportunity to attract good quality content, we'll be back in the market doing that. As far as far as the tech stack goes on marketing, we're making lots of progress every day. Are we where we want to be yet? No. Are we going as fast as we think we can? Yes. And we're making improvements every day. So I think, again, converting all of our brands to one common tech stack, one common set of data, one common set of analytics, is a big list. We've been doing it throughout this crisis, and we're still doing it. And - but we are beginning to reap real benefits. And I think at the time, I think you said now that we're coming out of it, I'm not sure how to measure that. But if we are indeed coming out of it, it's probably not going to take 10 months or three weeks. It's going to take a while over the course of this year. I'm sure we'll be coming out of it, and hopefully, we'll be back to some more normal level. And I hope we will be in a good place in terms of the tech stack. We are a long way ahead of where we were and we will continue to make progress every day. So it depends when that recovery comes, but we're making really good progress.
Andrew Boone: Thank you so much.
Peter Kern: Yeah. And I think that's it. So again, thank you all for your time. I hope you all stay safe. Hopefully, we can all get back to traveling soon. You probably miss it as much as we do, and look forward to talking to you again, so take care.
Eric Hart: Thank you, everyone.
Operator: Thank you, presenters. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-04 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Christine, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Expedia Group Third Quarter 2020 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you.  I'll now turn the call over to Michael Senno, Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer.
Michael Senno: Thanks, Christine. Good afternoon, and welcome to Expedia Group's financial results conference call for the third quarter ended September 30, 2020. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by our CEO, Peter Kern; and CFO, Eric Hart. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, November 4, 2020, only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate, we are optimistic or confident that, or similar statements. Please refer to today's earnings release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You will find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the company's Investor Relations website at ir.expediagroup.com. And I encourage you to periodically visit our IR website for other important content. Unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense and technology and content expense exclude stock-based compensation. And all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2019. Please note that depreciation expense is now reported in a separate line item, and prior periods have been restated to reflect this change. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Peter.
Peter Kern: Thank you, Michael. And good afternoon, everybody. I hope you're well. We appreciate we are not the most newsworthy thing going on right now in the country, but thank you for spending a little time with us, and hopefully we can help give you some more color on our quarter. I'll start by saying, as I said before, that travel generally performs in this period as everyone has expected. And in general closings, openings, worries over the pandemic, have the - the exact influence you expect. But we were pleased to see in the third quarter that were stabilizing travel trends and significant improvements on our cost structure, we were able to post markedly improved performance. I'm going to get into some of the internal workings, including margin, expanding on it, which actually Eric will cover in his remarks. But first, I just want to make a few comments on the recent trends in travel. What we saw over the third quarter was basically a stabilization, as I said. July was down in lodging gross bookings net of cancellations. This was a function of two things. You may recall there was a slight increase in COVID cases being reported then, and that had some impacts on travel, along with Vrbo for us, which had a very, very strong June. And that strength subsided a bit. It still was strong in July. So July again, lodging gross bookings net of cancellations was up about 65%. And in the months that ensued, that got to the low to mid-50% range down. So a reasonable improvement, a steady improvement, and that obviously helped with our third quarter results. Vrbo continued to be quite strong, as I said, coming off that June high which was a lot of pent-up demand. But the third quarter was strong. We were up year-over-year, which brand travel business of course is terrific in the world we're living in. And we think it bodes well both because we brought in a lot of new customers and we believe those customers will have long-term value for us. And we're - it's helping to land the Vrbo brand and making people more familiar with it. On the hotel side, North America actually has been pretty steady and improving since July. But Europe for us in general has been a little rockier. Cases were rising in the ensuing months. And of course in the last week or two, we've seen a lot of changes, and I'll get into that in a minute. But - so North America was generally positive through the period in conventional lodging, and Europe was slightly subsiding over that period. Air continues to lag lodging. Obviously, international air is very injured at the moment. But I think generally air has been improving. We've seen that across domestic here. And we think that people are getting more comfortable with the safety protocols and understanding the safety of flying, and we think that's good news. And obviously the airlines all reported and they have higher hopes, subject to this third wave of course for the holiday season. The last couple of weeks, which we're all acutely watching, again have had the impact, I would suggest, that pretty much most of us would expect, which is to say Europe has been acutely hurt by it, but North America has remained pretty strong. It's down, but still showing relative strength compared to Europe. Obviously in our case, that's a little beneficial given our mix of business towards North America, but nothing can be known yet about how these trends will continue. And of course if there are more closures, if there are closures in the US in any way or if there are other lockdowns in Europe that will have an impact on the overall business. I want to talk a minute about market share because you may have observed that in some cases, market share has been shifting around in world ways during COVID. And for us, certainly that is true. There is a few things to note here. One is obviously alternative accommodations have been quite strong, not just for us, but for others. Obviously, that's been great news for Vrbo and weve been a big beneficiary area of that, but that has shifted lodging share significantly across geographies. We've also seen that there's a lot of unique use cases during the pandemic, much more not only domestic and not only secondary and tertiary market travel, but very purpose-driven travel going to visit family, needing to do specific work, needing to go to one of these small markets. There's much discovery going on and price shopping. And there seems to be more direct bookings in the smaller market independent hotels as people are calling to make sure they're open, make sure that safety protocols, et cetera are happening. And conversely, the places where we typically have the most share is things like big urban markets, international travel, international packaged travel, et cetera, have obviously been among the most impacted. So we have seen some share shift in that. And I want to reiterate and I've said it before, that we combined our performance marketing team during this period. And we are doing a lot of plumbing work to retool and recalibrate all the algorithms and everything we do, so that we can optimize a multi-brand instead of brand against brand. There's a lot of work going on. It is a significant effort. But during this period while we do that and while there is so much uncertainty in the market, we clearly have a bias towards profitability, which you've probably seen in our numbers. And the bias to towards caution given that cancellation rates and other things are very volatile and very hard to predict. So we are not chasing share that might be unprofitable or the brick wall we might run into with closures and COVID cancellations. We're trying to be prudent here while we rebuild everything, on the theory that we will be at our end state by the time COVID is over. Or more precisely travel trends come back to more normal levels. And we believe, as I said before, that once that plumbing is rebuilt and once we're ready for multi-brand that we will be able to not only maintain, but grow share at similar or better profitability as we have had before. Moving on to what we are doing internally. Again, I won't belabor this, but we're focused on several areas, one of which I've talked about before. That is our brands and how we join those groups together. We're focused on brand differentiation, clearly showing and demonstrating what those value propositions are to the market, and how they differ from one another, making choices about which brands we market where geographically, and how we lean into all the marketing channels for different brands. And there's a lot of work going on for their coming out of COVID and through COVID brand marketing side. We're obviously leaning heavily into Vrbo. We think it's having a moment. All the research shows that it has gained share and it has gained awareness, and there's some very positive things going on with that brand. But we are also looking at and we'll start to lag in, we're obviously being cautious given the last couple of weeks' news. But we will lag into our other brand marketing, including Hotel.com. and Expedia just signed a long-term sponsorship with Liverpool, the soccer team in the UK, that we think will be important to landing that brand and pushing it in UK and in the end, particularly us, and there's a brand new raft of creative coming out on the back end of the virus. So a lot of work going in there, to be really clear on what we're doing, where we're doing it and how we're investing behind each brand. We're also heavily interested and excited about the opportunity in the B2B side and in helping our supply partners. We've talked before about our Expedia Partner Services business. We are a leader in this space, and we feel very good about our opportunity here. In fact, we believe we can grow share here during COVID as we help our B2B partners come out faster and help more partners over time. We have expanded our partnership on the supply side with Marriott in terms of their wholesale distribution partnership. And we are spinning [ph] that partnership, similar partnerships to optimize distribution with other chain partners. And we think that's going to be a great opportunity to help our supply partners and also build our B2B business. So a lot of exciting things going on there, including extending a lot of the technological advances we've made on our platform things. We've talked about before, like our voice conversation platform, which we had externalized to some of our B2B partners. And now we've done that with our advertising platform, media services, MeSo, we call it. So there's a number of places we've been able to take advantage of improvements technologically in our B2B business. So lots more to go there. And finally and perhaps most importantly, the underpinning technical platform and architecture that we have talked about, that work continues. It is big, structural, foundational work. It is part of what helps us, on the efficiency side. We've had great wins on the cloud and licensing areas, which we've talked about before, but there's a thousand small wins across the business. I'm getting out of the business and talking about little ones here and there. And so they're really noticeable and impactful. But the whole idea of putting that platform together, re-architecting it for the future, was so we could be agile, make these improvements that will win across much more of the business, not just the brands, but the B2B businesses. And we're starting to unlock those things. And obviously a lot more work to do here. What we're doing as much as we can as fast as we can, while we suffer through COVID. And with that, I will turn it over to Eric, except to say that, we obviously can't control, what's going on there - out there in the travel market, or in the scientific community. We are hoping for all the same things you are in terms of vaccine, and other treatments that will help us get through this. We do believe that people have been up, until this recent wave, getting increasingly comfortable with the idea of traveling. This will obviously have an impact recently. But, it will remain bumpy and unpredictable. And we can't control that. In the meantime, our teams are highly focused internally. And I'll just say I want to thank our teams that have done tremendous work, in a very unpleasant environment and really done a lot to help our customers, help our suppliers help the company do better. And also importantly done some very hard work, around how we manage our human resources and how we structure our organization. And unfortunately, we had to make some significant moves on people, which is of course the worst work we do. But the teams have done a terrific job. And I'm very optimistic about the work they're doing for the future. And with that, I'll turn it over to Eric.
Eric Hart: Thanks Peter. And thanks, everyone, for joining as well. While we continue to see significant year-over-year declines, in our business in the third quarter, taking into account the impact of COVID is having on travel, our financial performance was better than we expected, with over $300 million in adjusted EBITDA and reaching essentially cash flow neutral in September, for the first time since February. As you know and I've discussed in previous quarters, we are keenly focused on driving margin expansion, which largely falls within three buckets, resetting the fixed cost base, reducing variable costs of revenue, and increasing marketing efficiency. I'm going to touch on, excuse me, each of those individually. So first, on fixed cost bases, as you'll recall, we started the year targeting $300 million to $500 million, in annualized savings. And we were tracking ahead of that amount, as of our last call. Since then, we've identified additional headcount reductions in certain areas. And incremental opportunities across the P&L to drive efficiency, in areas like real estate and software and licensing. We are now targeting $700 million to $750 million, in annualized run rate savings, compared to our 2019 exit rate. And we've already actioned over $550 million. As you project this forward, please keep in mind, we'll have annual increases in the remaining cost base. And also make targeted investments in some areas. But overall we've made great progress on fixed costs. And longer term, our platform operating model will position us, to scale the business, far more efficiently going forward. On variable costs of revenue, there are three primary areas, we're targeting. First is on our payments platform. We're lowering our transaction fees and improving economics on our virtual cards that we use for merchant payments. Second is, we're extending the conversations platform to handle more customer calls through self-service and virtual agents to lower customer service costs. And we're reducing our variable portion of cloud spend with the optimization efforts we've already executed and will continue to do so. Given the variable costs are volume based, these savings will not be fully evident until we return to normalized operating levels. We still have work to do in these areas, but I wanted to give some context. But if we overlay what we believe, we can achieve on these initiatives on our 2019 business level, they would collectively deliver savings of over $200 million, which is incremental to the $700 million to $750 million fixed cost savings that I mentioned previously. The third area of margin improvement is around marketing efficiency. As we've discussed, we expect the combination of operating at higher ROIs, the benefits of lower variable costs and optimization across our brands result in lower direct marketing expense as a percent of revenue over time. Turning to our Q3 results. The impact from COVID-19 continue to distort some areas of our P&L, but the bookings improvement that started in the middle of Q2 led particularly by Vrbo, and the progress on cost initiatives led to the improved profitability in the quarter. ADRs in our lodging business increased 8%, due to solid ADR growth at Vrbo and a mix shift to Vrbo, which carries significantly higher ADRs than hotels. Hotel ADRs declined double-digits, but improved sequentially from Q2. Revenue per room nights grew 14% in the quarter, also boosted by the mix shift of Vrbo. In addition, with Vrbo's shift to merchant of record over the past year, we now recognize transaction fees as revenue, which added to the growth in revenue per room night. Do keep in mind that the fees recognized as revenue are largely offset by merchant expenses and cost of revenue. And lastly on take rate, the product mix shift from air to lodging, as well as the incremental merchant-related revenue at Vrbo contributed to the elevated 17% revenue take rate in the quarter. Moving on to cost. The progress we've made on the margin expansion initiatives I've mentioned are becoming evident in our P&L. On overhead costs, which include indirect selling and marketing, tech and content and G&A collectively declined 29%. Excluding Trivago, about two thirds of the overhead savings stemmed from our fixed cost savings initiatives, with the balance from temporary cost savings related to the current environment. On cost of revenue, they declined 32%. Two items impacted the year-over-year comparison. First is incremental transaction costs related to Vrbo's shift to merchant of record, which are highest in Q3 due to Vrbo's seasonality. And then second, they were offset partially by a benefit from the disposal of bodybuilding.com. Excluding these two factors, cost of revenue was down 40% year-over-year. And as we noted, we expect to deleverage on cost of revenue until booking volumes return closer to normalized levels. On direct marketing, we continue to see leverage on direct marketing expenses. We are prudently increasing activity and brand marketing campaign and in performance marketing options where we see demand, but intend to remain disciplined and lean toward profitability. On our segment results, our retail segment performed significantly better than B2B. Retail benefited from growth at Vrbo in the quarter and the higher mix of business in North America, which has a stronger recovery than Europe. Meanwhile, the slower recovery in corporate travel impacting Egencia is a drag on the B2B segment. On cash flow and balance sheet, our reported free cash flow was nearly US$1 billion in Q3. The [Technical Difficulty] driver was approximately $670 million working capital impact from Vrbo's merchant bookings, mainly due to a seasonal decline in Vrbo's deferred merchant bookings given the increased stays over the summer. But as we've noted, Vrbo's merchant bookings largely flows through restricted cash. If you exclude the working capital impact from Vrbo's merchant bookings, free cash flow was approximately negative $325 million as the seasonal working capital impact from the decline in deferred merchant bookings, plus other cash items such as CapEx and interest, more than offset our adjusted EBITDA in Q3. On deferred merchant bookings, they declined to total $1.4 billion in Q3 to $3.2 billion, or $2.5 billion excluding deferred loyalty. Vrbo was the biggest contributor to the decline as it ended Q2 with a relatively higher balance, and the seasonality of its stayed room nights is even more weighted to Q3 than the rest of our business. In addition, booking windows have been significantly shorter than usual, which reduces our outstanding deferred booking balance. On our capital structure, as we noted last quarter in July, we opportunistically raised $1.25 billion in debt. Subsequently, we repaid the $750 million notes that matured in August and used the funds raised in July to repay $1.25 billion of our outstanding revolver draw to reduce interest expense. We currently have $650 million drawn on our revolver. As of the end the third quarter, unrestricted cash and short-term investments totaled $4.4 billion. Excluding the capital markets activity I just mentioned, cash declined roughly $325 million, similar to our free cash flow excluding the Vrbo merchant activity. And total cash was essentially flat in September for the first time in February. In addition, amounts held in restricted cash and other non-cash balance sheet assets covered nearly 60% of our deferred merchant booking balance, excluding deferred loyalty. Looking ahead to Q4 adjusted EBITDA, as you can imagine, it's a very difficult environment in which to forecast or predict the business and also will result in a wider range of outcomes. With our current trading volumes and what we're seeing in the business, we do expect Q4 adjusted EBITDA to be negative. There are two primary factors that are contributing to it. One, is Q4 is seasonally a quarter with lower revenue and profit, so it's just lower relative to our cost basis. And then number two, given the recovery in lodging, bookings has essentially plateaued relative to the recovery over the summer months. We currently expect the revenue decline to be in a similar range as it was in Q3. In closing, this remains a tough environment for our business, and we're going to be dealing with the COVID impact for the foreseeable future. As Peter mentioned, we have clear priorities that our teams are making great progress on. And we're confident the actions we're taking now will benefit us through the recovery and over the long term. Operator, we're ready to take our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Lloyd Walmsley from Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Lloyd Walmsley: Thanks. Two, if I can. First, I just wanted to make sure I understood you correctly earlier. When you said - I think you said the core fixed cost savings target is now $700 million to $750 million. But then you said you've been able to reduce variable costs, if I heard you right. Which overlaid on 2019 for example, would be an additional $200 million in savings, so approaching $1 billion on kind of a normalized basis. So the question is just did I catch that right? And does it feel like you're getting to the kind of edges of the scope of savings there, given the magnitude we're talking about? And then the second one would just be, as you work to bring all the marketing data from separate brands into kind of a consolidated kind of new data storage for marketing. Any - is it early enough that you  in enough that you can see some early learnings, or is it too soon to say in any sense for the timing on when you guys will be in a place where you feel good about that, that transition. Thanks.
Eric Hart: Peter, do you want me to take the first.
Peter Kern: Yeah, I'll take the first you take the second. So I on the first, yes you did hear correct may so [ph] the $700 million, $750 million is on the fixed cost basis. It's in relation to the $3 million to $500 million that we spoke of earlier in the year, of the $700 million, $750 million we've actioned $550 million of that, so we are feeling like we are making good progress against it. We of course continue to leave no stone - no stone unturned. And just as we continue to work through it, we get more cost that we've identified, we get confidence and those that we get better line of sight in. And then also, obviously we've actioned a fairly large percentage of it. So yes, it's the $700 million, $750 million on a fixed cost basis, and then the incremental $200 million on the variable cost of sales with spent approaches to your math, approximately a $1 billion in savings. Now you mentioned it, but I just want reiterate as well, that is on the 2019 exit rate if you will, so that  those numbers presume that were back in a range that is approximately at the 2019 levels. And then lastly, there will be some offsets for that, over time, you can imagine inflation on contracts or increases and headcount costs, et cetera. So there will be some offset. But we feel pretty confident in the numbers that we're going after and then continue to  the teams are doing a great job. And I guess it was the last part of your question just around, are we reaching the edge of it, and I would say, you know, we're still flipping over rocks. But it's, you know, diminishing returns to a certain extent, so I would say the range that we shared with you is sort of the probability adjusts where we think we will get.
Eric Hart: Yeah. And Lloyd, I'll just jump in on the other question, I would say the answer is no, we haven't. It's not wired together yet in a way that we can see the early wins. I think we are, you know, getting closer, but it's not simply a matter of taking three different groups and putting them together. I've mentioned on previous calls that we've been also consolidating all our data. And, you know, doesn't - you know 17 data [indiscernible] into hopefully one soon. And all of these things, you know, are kind of linked together. So there's a lot of great work going on. I think we are getting closer and I'm excited about what we're going to be able to see when we can see the granular level of detail and profitability by, you know by customers, by geos, by everything, which we haven't had the granularity we like. And that has made us, I would say blunter instrument then wed like to be and we believe there's significant you know, good guys from getting this all wired together and that again is why we want to make short term trade-offs to that important work, to get that done, but we haven't seen any early returns yet. I think will be a little while still.
Lloyd Walmsley: Okay, thank you. Impressive job on the cost side, guys. Thanks.
Peter Kern: Just one other quick add to that and thanks for the question again is. We are still taking the action to achieve those numbers, so just make sure as you're building those, and there's the lens of [ph] we need the volume to come back to see particularly on the variable cost side. And we are still actually [ph] in the  and as I mentioned, the 550 on the fixed cost side is going to take us still some time to get to the gap of that and the seven to 7 to 750. And the same thing on the cost of revenues as well. It will take us a bit of time to get there. But that's what we're shooting for and what we think we'll get.
Lloyd Walmsley: All right. Yeah, that's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from line from Naved Khan from Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Naved Khan: Yeah. Thanks a lot. Just a couple, one on the costs side. Eric, you called out the incremental $200 million in variable cost savings, and you named three areas. We tried to think about the relative magnitude of savings in each of these areas? How would you stack them up or number them? And then I had a question on the gross bookings side. So you talked about a plateauing in October versus Q3. Is that overall for the business or just US? How should we think about that? And is that plateauing on gross bookings or on net basis? How should we think about that?
Eric Hart: Yeah. I'll take the first one. And Peter, perhaps you can take the second one, but I'm happy to take it as well. But on the cost of revenue, there's three components. There's the conversation platform and the cost of savings, the credit card and the variable. And I would effectively put them in that order to a certain extent. But I think the one that has the largest opportunity for us is on the conversation platform. We are historically primarily a phone-based contact center-type of conversations with customers and with our supply partners as well. And with the technology that we've developed, we have the ability to move a lot of those either to self-service or virtual agent. And on the virtual agent side, we are able to get more - service more customers, if you will, per agent. And so both of those add leverage to the system. And we've really started the rollout into that. We've gotten good NPS scores and good returns, if you will from doing that. And it's really a process of rolling that out, making sure that we have more and more use cases, we get it embedded into the right flows into the site, into the mobile apps as well. And I think that is likely the largest opportunity. And then credit card costs and variable cloud as well are meaningful, but I would say that those two are a distant second, if you will, after the conversation platform opportunity.
Peter Kern: Yes. And then I guess Eric, you can follow on, and I'll do cover
Eric Hart: Yes. On the volume side, I think this recovery is going to be a series of many stories. And so if you take hotel, for instance, and I could say that that's been flat for the last couple of months. But if you de-average that number, what you actually end up seeing is that there are areas that are flat to declining, and there are areas that are gradually improving. And so using a hotel as the example, Europe has been more challenged. Peter already mentioned that. And they've got even more challenged over the last week or two, just given the increasing lockdowns that are reoccurring. Whereas the US is had a more steady increase over time on the hotel side, we will see what happens with the wave three that's occurring right now, and something that we're looking at very closely. But as we say it's plateaued, it's actually many stories underneath. And I think we're going to see the same thing. We've got international versus domestic. And we wait in some regions of the world in one versus the other. And that's the series of many stories that will make up how we see overall the business is performing.
Peter Kern: Yes. And the only color I'd add to that is our numbers also include bookings from our B2B partners and people in other parts of the area. So it makes the many stories even more vast in terms of our exposure to different geographies, our exposure to different types of business. So I would say thinking of it as a whole is probably the simplest way, but all things being equal with the trend the way they are in the last two weeks, its probably good news that we're weighted towards North America. But there have been times when it's been something else. And we wish we had more China business since domestic China is doing quite well relative to the rest of the world.
Naved Khan: Got it. Thank you, Peter. Thank you, Eric.
Peter Kern: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney from RBC. Your line is open.
Mark Mahaney: Two questions, please. You mentioned market share, but in North America, do you see any evidence of material market share shifts amongst the different providers, Airbnb, Booking, Expedia? Secondly, you mentioned those three areas of cost efficiency, the fixed, the variable, and then you talked about performance marketing. Can you just drill down a little bit more on performance marking? I know you've had some pretty bold robust plans for bringing performance marketing efficiencies. And then all of a sudden, we had COVID. Is it clear to you that you've got enough evidence that you can really - that there are new found efficiencies in performance marketing? It's still TBD to when we get real robust recovery in travel conditions. Just spend a little bit more time, please, on performance marketing efficiencies. Thanks a lot.
Eric Hart: Peter, are you there? Did we lose you?
Peter Kern: Oh, sorry, sorry, sorry. Unmute button was on. Sorry, Mark. I'll jump in. I was saying, I'll take the second one first, and then you can remind me the first one. I would say on the Performance marketing side, you are correct. We have talked historically about bringing more efficiency out of it, getting our return on marketing better, more precise, et cetera. The problem was I think that was to, to some extent, wishful thinking because we did not have all the data, all the tooling and all the approaches synchronized, if you will. We let our brands compete. That has some dis-synergies that never were quantified, but certainly existed. We did not have the benefit of all the data, because each brand had its own data and on and on and on. So I am positively optimistic that when we have all data flows right and we have all the algorithms rewritten for that and when we have the tooling right, there should be significant upside for us in actually getting  bringing out that return that you've heard about over these many years. I think that is what is required. And it is real, and we will get to it. We have to do it obviously. We haven't done it yet. But to otherwise sort of mess around the idea of taking one brand higher or lower, it was a very blunt set of instruments and I think candidly, it was optimistic to think we could do a lot better. We certainly could have run more profit at the expense of share. That we certainly made some trades for share over a profit historically. And we certainly make trades like that in certain geos and for certain reasons over time. But I think more broadly, the opportunity to just perform better is really unlocked by stringing all of those work together and really making it powerful. So I'm a total believer in it and I think it will happen. But we haven't done it yet, so we have to do it. And then sorry, Mark, your first question? I apologize.
Mark Mahaney: Yeah. Do you think that there's clear signs of a market  you brought up market share. Have there been any signs of market share shifts in North America?
Peter Kern: Yeah. I think well, definitely you've seen alternative get an outsized share relative to where it was. And we've been beneficiaries of some of that. Airbnb have been beneficiaries of some of that. So the more concentrated you are towards the things, the use cases that are working well, I think you're going to get share benefits.  The  more broadly, I think share has moved around for a lot of little reasons, and you're dealing with low volumes. So I look at markets where share points move around. And then you look at the dollars related to it, and they're tiny. And you say, okay, it doesn't really matter. It could just be a bad weekend or good weekend. But I think nothing we're seeing is  portends to anything for the future for like a long-term effect. I don't think there is anything that suggests anyone's winning or losing in a way that will give them long-term benefit. I think for us with Vrbo, we believe it's really good for the brand and people are getting a lot of exposure to that use case. And people are seeing how nice that vacation can be. I don't think that means that people will never go back to hotels, but I think it helps us relative to Airbnb. So that's good for us. And I think beyond that, we don't expect anything going on in any single geo or overall is really a long-term effect, which is partly why we're not overly exercise if - we're not perfectly tuned as a machine to  on the performance marketing side because none of this is with levels down 50, 60, whatever plus percent in certain markets. It's hard to think that any of that is sustainable or meaningful for the long-term. So that's been our approach.
Mark Mahaney: Okay. Thank you very much.
Peter Kern: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan from UBS. Your line is open.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks for taking the question. Maybe two, if I can, following up on some of the topics talked about so far. On Vrbo, with the success you're seeing in terms of the demand and the new customers that are coming into the platform, is there anything to call out in terms of your go-to-market strategy, your marketing strategy, that you might think portend for sort of longer term, better returns on marketing spend or margin structure in Vrbo as a business? And then on your brand strategy and sort of the realignment of the marketing platform, are you also of the same time thinking through whether you need to be in the same number of brands? What I'm saying scope of brands on a multiyear view towards an eye of like managing a mix of sort of growth versus profitability? Thanks, guys.
Peter Kern: Sure. So let me do Vrbo first. Yes. Well, a few things. One, there's a lot of work that's been going on over the last several months on Vrbo and its margins in terms of  Eric mentioned or we've mentioned in the past. Bringing it on to our payments platform, that's been good for us, saves us money with a third-party provider, allowed us to use power of Expedia's payment platform, which itself is getting stronger every day and more efficient. So those kinds of benefits are there. There's work being done on the consumer process, on the fees and other things that  where we think we're under market. So I think we've had opportunity and we found opportunity to withstand margins at Vrbo. But to your bigger question, we definitely think that we did not land the Vrbo rebranding as strongly as we wanted to, that there is opportunity now given that so many people are using it and the use case is so attractive right now and that we are concentrated in whole home, which is like the most attractive part of the alternative market right now that we intend to and are already pushing into a much more aggressive part to broadly push the brand. We've turned the brand over in a few more markets in Europe, just a few weeks ago, and we will keep pushing. But yes, there's an opportunity there, and we think that is a place we want to be more bold even in a down market, and we will continue to be pushing into that. To your second question about how many brands we have, yes, we have a lot. We certainly won't keep any - that we don't think makes sense. But right now, we think the number of brands creates opportunity, as long as we have segmented them and thought about them geographically, et cetera, to their greatest effect. So my big push has been, if we have a brand, frankly, that maybe none of you have heard of, like Wotif in Australia, that is our strongest brand for the moment in Australia, then we need to concentrate on building that brand and not worry about whether it's Expedia or hotels.com or anything else. Likewise, Vrbo has a different brand, a different company that acquired in Australia that we're not going to change that brand, because it's a strong local brand and we should push into that. We have historically had this record of, okay. We have an existing brand or we bought a buy brand. We're also going to push Expedia into that market. We're also going to push Hotels. And that kind of, I would say, took away the value of multi-brand, because it didn't allow us to optimize for each one. So that's why we're doing the segmentation work. That's why we're trying to figure out what the proposition is for each brand. Some brands admittedly, we have historically run for more profit, whereas others we have pushed. We are looking at the whole kind of plate of options and driving the best result by country, by brand that we can. And that may mean, we closed some brands in some countries. That may mean, potentially, we close some brands, well stop. But we have no intention right now to do that, but we are looking at the whole thing and trying to optimize for it all. But we think, in general, having more gives us the opportunity to do more, if we do it smartly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Deepak Mathivanan from Barclays. Your line is open.
Deepak Mathivanan: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Just a couple of ones on Vrbo. So first, can you talk about where you are currently in terms of in a merchandising Vrbo's augmented accommodations inventory on Expedia and hotels.com? Is that something that you're seeing benefits from currently? Is like, this is a perfect time to kind of channel logo inventory at a higher level into your other strong brands, since consumers are looking for that type of inventory? And then second question related to it, how you feel about the inventory levels on Vrbo, particularly given the strong demand that's there for authentic foundations. Are there any markets where there is inventory pressure on Vrbo at this time? Thanks.
Peter Kern: Sure. So a couple of things there. I would say on the latter part, no, there's - we've seen some pressure over the summer a little bit in a few markets, but we haven't generally seen literally not  no inventory. There's a few spots, but in summer, recall, was everybody getting headlong into the only alternative they were comfortable doing. So there was a really acute demand spike there. We do think there's more opportunity to serve them - more opportunity. And I think we will continue to try to grow our inventory. The question is - and obviously anywhere we see demand, we will want to drive inventory. The question longer term is, weve historically had deficit, in particular, in cities in studies and those kinds of use cases, and that is a bigger strategic question for us. It's a place where Airbnb obviously has made great hay, although it hasn't helped them during COVID. Likewise booking has done a nice job with city-based inventory, and to your point, a more integrated experience. And so moving on to that question, the product is not great when it comes to surfacing vacation rental opportunities or alternative foundations through our main OTA brands. We've been slow to get there and it's not where we want it to be. It's definitely an opportunity, but we have found that there is a little bit of a conflict from the standpoint of people don't generally go to our alternative  go to our OTA brands for alternative accommodations. It's not what they think of. So even though it's there and present, it hasn't performed perhaps the way you or I might think it would. So I think we've got a combination of work we need to do on that front, which is we can definitely make significant improvement in the product and how the content will surface, how people see alternative accommodations and where they see it and et cetera. But also we need to lean into it, and we need to market particular in places where our big OTAs are  have good reach and brand recognition and Vrbo does not, it may well be more sensible for us to lean into you know, get a vacation home on Expedia as opposed to trying to introduce  called the Vrbo brand. So we are looking at all that. I would say dual work streams where we're trying to materially improve the product experience with alternative accommodations on the main OTAs, and then how do we market that and how do we test to push that into those markets. And I'll just say while that seems like that would be job one, and we'd be all after it because of the appeal of alternative right now. You have to keep in mind that we are re-architecting literally our entire technical infrastructure and platform. And some of these things have to sort of get prioritized. And it's in the works, but it's not the only thing we're working on.
Deepak Mathivanan: Thats help. Thanks so much.
Peter Kern: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Justin Post from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Justin Post: Great. Thank you. Maybe first question on hotel supply, are you seeing any inroads there or good deals on Expedia that you might otherwise get, any reason for consumers to come directly to Expedia versus other sites? And then secondly, thanks for the Vrbo update. I know you said it grew in 3Q. I'm assuming that's bookings and revenues. Can you give us a year-to-date update on Vrbo? Thank you.
Peter Kern: Eric, you want to start to answer the second one, I'm not sure we can.
Eric Hart: I don't - we've not shared or disclosed on the Vrbo. The year, I would say we are healthily up for the year. We clearly had the spike in June, just given the summer compression where people felt comfortable traveling. We continue to be up year-on-year in Q3, let's call it at more reasonable levels than June. But both revenue and gross bookings were up year-on-year, and I think you can extrapolate back to the start of the year as well.
Justin Post: Got it. And then on hotel supply?
Peter Kern: Yeah. On the hotel supply side, we have obviously among the most competitive hotel supply in the world. There's not a lot of discounting that is unique to them. The hotels are discounting, but I don't think there discounting is unique to us. And I think what we provide, what Expedia provides obviously beyond just very good value, is a bunch of ways to find what you want, a bunch of ways to book multi-product, a way to do everything in one place. So there are a lot of offerings with hcom, hotels.com, you get very robust rewards. So there's other offerings that are differentiating for us on the brand side, including where we're trying to go with a product to get a much better personalization, helping make good value choices, et cetera. So, I would say that is where we have to push our business, the differentiated hotel supply, even when we can get it is usually not sustainable. It's not like something that's consistent, but we do want our hotels to be in a better position to optimize our platform. So we are doing an inverse, which is trying to give them better data so that they can be much more effective at pricing and moving the inventory they want to move on our platform. So if that's suites or certain kinds of rooms or whatever, we want to be heating them, the inbound information, so they can understand the market, understand where there's opportunity to price up or down to gain both rooms, et cetera. So that's where we're pushing, and we think that's going to make us a much more valuable partner for the suppliers. But I don't think it's going to be about, if you get a $5 better deal than the next person. I think it's really going to be about how you can help them build their business.
Justin Post: Great. Thank you.
Peter Kern: Yeah.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Kevin Kopelman from Cowen. Your line is open.
Kevin Kopelman: Thanks a lot. I just have a quick follow-up on Vrbo. If you could comment on the seasonality patterns there that you're seeing into Q4 and the current environment? Are you seeing any change there, any kind of continued shift into Vrbo even as we get outside of what is typically the peak season? Thanks.
Peter Kern: Yes.
Eric Hart: Sorry, go ahead.
Peter Kern: No, no, no.
Eric Hart: Thanks for the question. Vrbo is I mentioned earlier, it is much more seasonal than the rest of our business. So it's concentrated in the summer months, even more so than North America given summer. So we would naturally expect to see it come down into Q3 and into Q4, and that is what we're seeing. It continues to be at healthy rates and continues to be a product that I think consumers, in the environment that we're in particular, find compelling to be able to continue to travel. So you can think about our  the normal travel seasonality of looking in the early part of the year to stay in the middle part of the year and then less activity in the latter part of the year, just magnified in Vrbo relative to the rest of travel.
Kevin Kopelman: Right. And then  well go ahead.
Peter Kern: No, I was just going to add that, that is an area we believe there's opportunity and a lot of the advertising and marketing we've been doing with Vrbo have to do with sort of Staycations, if you will, in North America where kids may not be going to school, people may not be going to work. Sort of take your life somewhere else, and we think there is opportunity to break some patterns, while this going on. But that is just a COVID-centric issue.
Kevin Kopelman: Got it. And then longer term I think on a like-for-like basis, Vrbo's take rate has been a little bit lower than traditionally you would get with hotel. How do you see that playing out longer term in term of revenue take rate?
Eric Hart: Yes, there is a  I'm happy to take that one. Thanks for the question again. There a is gap between us and Airbnb in particular, and it's something that we do feel that it's  it gives us a bit of an advantage with consumers, but it is something that we are looking at. This is something that we test. We do think there are opportunities to increase monetization over time. But I would say there continues to be a gap, we are actively looking at that. We are actively testing it. And I do think that there is upside in our monetization over time.
Kevin Kopelman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jed Kelly from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Jed Kelly: Just on Vrbo, just circling back, I mean can you talk about the supply into the winter travel season? It seems like that's going to be premium supply, and then how you think you're there. And then just a follow-up on virtual agent, I mean, what's your confidence level in virtual agent as travel volumes start to normalize? Like is that just around handling normalized volumes?
Peter Kern: Yes. So just on the Vrbo supply, I think we are well equipped and well quoted [ph] I think you know, we think they are watching good-value, high-value inventory show up in lots of places people want to go in the winter, do that for Thanksgiving, Christmas, et cetera. And we think there's an opportunity that those trips will be longer in duration than they typically are, given school holidays, et cetera, around the U.S. in particular. But we don't feel like we're deficient on the inventory side. That does not mean we don't have opportunity, and it doesn't mean we have parity everywhere on everything. But we think we have plenty of inventory to power a very robust winter season if the demand is there. So we're not worried about that. And sorry, the second part was...
Jed Kelly: Confidence around virtual agent.
Peter Kern: Yes, the confidence virtual agent. So I would say to you a couple of things. One, despite the fact that our volumes are down, given COVID, given cancellation rates, given all the issues that travelers have, I wouldn't necessarily assume that our servicing volume is proportionally down. Because we've had  there's been a lot of traveler issues going on in the world that have created huge relative spikes in traffic. So we've been testing the conversation platform into all kinds of use cases. And we will ultimately have it in virtually everything we do, including our dealings with supply partners and other things. So it is being rolled out broadly. As Eric said, the NPS scores have been strong on it. People generally like to deal with the machine if they can and just get it over with and not have to talk to a person. It's not true universally, but that seems to be true for most people. And we feel very good about it. So it's scaling up. It's a platform tool. It's the kind of tool we want to have in our company, across the company, that we have a platform technology that needs to be taught and taught different use cases and applied consistently. So we have high confidence in its ability to continue to roll out and handle as much traffic as comes in. So no issues there.
Jed Kelly: Thank you.
Peter Kern: Yeah.
Operator: We will now take our final question, Lee Horowitz from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Lee Horowitz: Great. Thanks a lot for the question. Just one if I could. Peter, you had mentioned some of your North American [indiscernible] seeing greater direct bookings, perhaps as people shop less. I'm wondering if you could comment at all on your mix of direct bookings through the quarter. How that may be trending, what you're seeing through this crisis and perhaps your view on how sustainable those trends may be beyond COVID? Thanks so much.
Peter Kern: Yeah, surely. I would say that what we've seen is mix-wise, we've mixed towards a lot more direct traffic. Bookings are up considerably. Direct is up considerably. But I would caution anyone from taking too much from that because we have been less aggressive in the performance market. So it's a little bit of self-blending, if you will, down to a mix that is more free, which of course has helped all our margins and helped us post the numbers we posted last quarter. But that is inherently in part because we have taken our foot off the gas in certain areas in terms of performance marketing and uprofitable performance marketing. So I think again as we blend back into normalcy, assuming we will be more proficient and have these tools we've discussed about on the performance marketing side, et cetera. My sincere hope is we can grow more share through those performance channels at attractive levels and attractive profitability. And I believe that will happen and if that's true, of course, we'll mix our way back to a more historical balance.  But the trends have been very good, credit to our brand loyalty, or brands loyalty I guess. And app has been very strong. And of course, we are putting lots of energy into improving the products for all those things and make them stickier, because it is gratefully not been a topic today, we do want to have more direct traffic, avoid the performance marketing pools as much as we can and create recurring business. So that remains a core goal for us.
Eric Hart: Hey, Peter, before we end, I just wanted to clean up one quick comment I made earlier, just on Vrbo on the year-to-date. Year-to-date, we have seen declines due to the impact earlier this year on COVID. Q3 was up year-on-year, and we were growing early in the year before COVID. So just wanted to clean up the fact that in the early days, if you will of COVID that if you aggregate them for the year, it is down relatively, but was up before and up during. I just wanted to clean that up.
Peter Kern: Okay. Thanks, Eric.
Operator: Thanks. I will now turn the call back over to Peter Kern.
Peter Kern: Great. Well, thank you, everybody. Appreciate the questions. Hopefully, we helped to give you some clarity. Again, we're keenly focused internally still on everything we talked about. And I suspect our next call will sound a lot like that. And hopefully the world's health will get better, and that will help our business along the way. But appreciate the time. Thanks again to our people, and appreciate you  listening [ph] into questions today. So take care. Bye.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-30 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Federica, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like welcome everyone to the Expedia Group Second Quarter 2020 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. I will now like to turn the call over to Michael Senno, Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer. Please go ahead sir.
Michael Senno: Thank you. Good afternoon. And welcome to Expedia Groups financial results conference call for the second quarter ended June 30, 2020. I am pleased to be joined on the call today by our Vice Chairman and CEO, Peter Kern; and our CFO, Eric Hart. The following discussion including responses to your questions, reflect managements views as of today, July 30th, 2020 only. We do not undertake any obligations to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on todays call are forward-looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate, we are optimistic or confident that, or similar statements. Please refer to todays earnings release and the companys filings with the SEC for information about factors, which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You will find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the companys Investor Relations website at ir.expediagroup.com. And I encourage you to periodically visit our IR website for other important content. Unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense and technology and content expense, excludes stock-based compensation and all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2019. Please note that depreciation expense is now reported in a separate line item and prior periods have been restated to reflect this change. And with that, let me turn the call over to Peter.
Peter Kern: Thank you very much, Michael, and good afternoon, everyone. I hope everyone has been safe and sound during this difficult time. As we said in our release, second quarter was obviously a very challenging one for the travel industry and for us. But we were pleased to see generally speaking that after April, we had consistent growth out of the troughs, and May and June got considerably better. I would point out that we view this not simply as a positive for the business in the short term, because obviously our numbers remain very challenged relative to prior periods. But I think it speaks to humanity's demand and desire to travel. And then when they can, and when the opportunity avails itself and when they feel safe, and there are no restrictions, they all are really dying to travel, and we've seen that this summer. And I have every expectation that we'll continue to see that hopefully as the world opens up more. But we will have a bouncy recovery. There's no question. We've seen virus numbers go up in certain places. We've seen new restrictions come into certain geographies. And it appears like that will be the state of the union until things change scientifically. And so, we expect this not to be a linear recovery, obviously, and we expect some bumps in the road. Having said that, there's a lot of things there we can't control. And so, as I said in our last call, we are keenly focused on everything we can control. We're focused on helping our customers and suppliers obviously get through a challenging and complicated time. We're focused on our own cost structure and making sure we are being efficient. But more broadly, we're just focused on our internal functioning, our structure, our speed and agility, and building for the future. And while we recognize, it will take time for all of you to see the benefits of all that effort, that is really our focus. So in a little bit here, Eric will take you through our second quarter numbers. They are noisy, obviously, and frankly, I don't think terribly telling. I would not try to dissect them. I think it's a waste of a lot of energy. Most of what's happened is really a function of whatever is going on in the macro world and we are a reflection of that. And we are keenly focused on our long term fixes and strategy and less focus on the day-to-day tactics of finding another dollar in the marketplace. It doesn't mean we don't care. We just think there's so much more upside and doing the real foundational work that we need do. So if you don't see us chasing every last dollar, that's why we're doing that work. As far as the work goes, I just want to spend a little time on the things you can't see through the numbers, which is, we talked about simplifying, we talked about accelerating our business, we talked about pushing through initiatives during the COVID time, that might be harder to do in regular times. And we've made a lot of progress on this front. And there are threads all over our company working towards this. But just to give you a sense, we took down our HomeAway brand in the U.S., which was something that was scheduled to take probably another year to do. And we deprecated it just a few weeks ago, and have moved all that traffic to Vrbo. And now we will be a single brand in the U.S. And that will allow us to go much faster, and do more around Vrbo. We folded our car rentals business in Europe into brand Expedia. Again a smaller initiative, but just a way to simplify and allow us to go faster and put our talent against more important projects. We sold bodybuilding.com and shut down pillow and ApartmentJet, which were in our Vrbo business. Again, just small, distracting, interesting things we tried, but didn't have long term benefit we believed, and so we took the action to simplify the company. And that's really on the brand side and the business side. On the tech side, perhaps even more importantly, we were able to accelerate a lot of technical projects we had in the works. And just to name a few here; our Media Solutions business had relied on a third-party vendor for its auction technology. We brought that technology onto our own platform just a couple of weeks ago here, that was about a quarter early -- earlier than we expected to and our teams were able to push that across the line. And now we have that much more time to optimize that platform. And that's not just a cost savings from no longer licensing a third party platform, but it also gives us much more latitude to grow that business. And we believe there's a lot of upside there. Our hotels.com brand was able to move its mobile traffic to a new platform. Again, a project that was scoped for to take another six -- up to another six months that we finished in about a month ago. Again, another opportunity to just accelerate, get things done during the virus and get to the other side. And finally, just to name one more, we talked about the opportunity for our virtual agents that help us on the cost and the customer satisfaction side. It's something you'll hear again and again, because it's a big opportunity for us and one of our better platform technologies. But we launch that on our Egencia Corporate brand. We launch it in the U.S. and France. And that was literally two years, practically two years ahead of schedule. So we've just been moving on every front we can to try to accelerate. And that's really all about being faster, getting simpler and being able to move the business much more quickly and agilely. And that's because we really want to be able to attack our big strategic goals. And those revolve much more around how we use our platform, particularly data where we have a unique competitive advantage with the best data set of travel data in the world, where we believe we can help our customers, our B2B partners, and our suppliers, make much better decisions, be happier and drive their own businesses where the business customers and help the customer, the end customer, just make better decisions that make them happier or make our products stickier and generally drive the long term appeal of our business to third party. So we are keenly focused on that. That is our long term goal. And we have a bunch of tactical work we are pushing through to clean up runway if you will to get there. And on the supplier side, of course, we continue to push to help our supply partners get stronger and come out of the COVID times. It's obviously been a challenging time for hoteliers and airlines. We've put in a relief and recovery program for hotels to help them get back up and running, to help them better utilize our tools. And likewise, we are looking at air and we're rebuilding our own air product in large part to make it just a better, more fulfilling product for our suppliers. So we are driving a lot there. And we believe and obviously helping our supply partners get out of it. But longer term, again, we believe in helping these partners to make better decisions and drive their business through our platform. On the more nuts and bolts of it, we know you're all interested in the cost side. We continue to drive our efficiency programs throughout the company. We've told you before that we had a target of $500 million that we expected to exceed. We've achieved about $400 million of that on a run rate basis. And again, we expect to do much better than our targets. The reason we're not being highly specific about how much better is that we're really attacking everything. And there are timing implications to a lot of what we're doing. Contracts that need to be run out. Things like releasing real estate, and other things that just take time to come into effect. So rather than get caught up in the some debate about how much and over what period, we feel strongly that we'll do better than the 500. And I would point out that there is much more to it than just the 500 of cost savings that we spoke to you before, because that doesn't really take into account the variable side of our business. And that's a place where we have the opportunity to drive efficiency through bringing down customer service costs, with our virtual agents that we've talked about, bringing down transaction costs by focusing on our payments platform, technology and opportunities there. And then of course, bringing down our variable marketing costs, where we have recently put these teams together. As we told you before, we've merged our brand groups. We've merged their performance marketing groups. And there's big opportunities ahead we believe in doing the work as a portfolio of brands and optimizing for that portfolio as opposed to optimizing each brand by itself. Now that is hard work. It is foundational. some of you may have noted that we gave up some share in some of the performance marketing lines in meta and SEM. That is something we willingly have done. As I said, we are not worried about the nickels right now in a market where there isn't a lot of volume. We are much more focused on the long term foundational work to drive the long term benefits when the volumes really are back at full scale, but we will continue to refine that. I wouldn't get used to scale the share we were at. I know there is often debate about can we grow and still be more profitable on the performance side? We believe absolutely we can. But there is a lot of foundational work to get these brands together, to get their strategies unified and their data unified. And we are doing that work right now as fast as we can. So as we come out, we will be in the best position to take advantage of that. And finally, what is probably the main event to most of you, which is, what is the recovery really looking like? Is there anything to glean from what we've seen? I would say, by and large, we've seen exactly what you'd expect. April was very tough for everybody. It was the bottom of the trough. We have seen consistent growth coming out of that. We were down on a net basis 90% for the quarter, but by June that was less than down 70%, and booking -- the lodging side of that was considerably better down less than 60%. So all of that is a very good trend, but still obviously well below anything we'd like to see in the business. As for July, I would say, it's roughly in line with June slightly off those numbers. And just Eric will get into it some more. But just to give you some flavor, what we've seen is Vrbo had a ton of business and has been a great leader for us out in the recovery. As we got into summer, people obviously, have a real interest in the whole home model, and being able to have their families alone and not in shared space. And so Vrbo really led the way for us. There was a lot of compression in the early part of the booking window and the early part of the summer. And so, as we've gotten to July, there's a lot of -- it's still quite a strong business for us and way ahead of our other businesses. But that compression has softened a little bit. On the flip side, the hotel business has been slightly stronger even into July. So there's some puts and takes and there's some geog geographical differences, but in general July has plateaued, cancellation rates have stayed consistent. So we haven't seen a real rise in those in July. So I think the world has sort of stabilized here. And we'll see what the next few months bring in terms of restrictions, virus growth, et cetera. And I think that will largely tell the tale. On the good side, I would just say in addition to Vrbo, being a great driver, and the strongest part of our story, we also saw terrific new customer growth, which is just -- this has proven a great opportunity to introduce a whole new group of people, Vrbo experience, and I think that will pay longer term dividends and help cement the Vrbo brand, which is you know, we pivoted to not that long ago, and I think that's, again, a great opportunity longer term. So to wrap up, I would just say, again, we've seen nice recovery from the bottom. It was strong through May and June and flattest through July. We expect it to be bumpy. Hopefully, we'll have some good and some bad in there. And it won't be linear. I happen to be a huge believer in the scientific community and expect them to all the great minds working on this, save us all from ourselves. And we have seen clearly that the world wants to travel again, wants to get back out and move around. And we believe as soon as every time those opportunities become greater and safer, that people will indeed take the opportunity to travel. So with that, again, I would encourage you not to get too caught up in the ups and downs of small numbers. Broadly, we are focused on the longer term. And we believe we're making real headway, even though we acknowledge it will take a little while for all of you to see it in the numbers. And I will turn it over to Eric. Thank you.
Eric Hart: Thanks, Peter. And thank you for everyone for joining us well. As you can see our financial results this quarter are indicative of the severe impact COVID-19 has had on our business and also the rest of the travel industry as well. As Peter mentioned, we've been focusing our energy on what we can control. And coming into the year I discuss several priorities aimed at delivering margin expansion. And that includes resetting our fixed cost base, premium variable cost of revenue and driving marketing efficiency. The impact from COVID has made these priorities even more important for us. And I'm pleased with the progress our teams have already made across these areas. And I expect it will become increasingly evident in our P&L as our business recovers. Peter also noted, we are running ahead of our initial cost savings target. And we now expect to exceed $500 million on a run rate basis. Over the last several months as we've accelerated and deepened our work across our cost initiatives and identified additional opportunities across the board for those in cloud, real estate licensing, procurements, people related cost that push the expected savings higher. We're still working across these areas and continue to look for more potential opportunities as we drive efficiency and simplify how we operate the company. The progress to date is already evident in our overhead cost categories, which collectively declined 22% in Q2. About half of that year-on-year decline reflects savings achieved thus far from these costs initiatives. While temporary cost measures related to COVID-19 accounted for the rest. We expect that over the next few quarters, the temporary benefits will phase out, while the savings from our cost initiatives will increase. In addition to the progress on the cost savings initiatives, we're also making nice rise on approving variable cost of sales. It's not evident in the P&L yet given the low booking volumes, but we expect the progress we're making the drive efficiency and customer service among others areas and to be another source of leverage on the P&L as revenue recovers. Looking at our cost of revenue as mentioned, it did not scale down with revenue with given it was 22% decline. One factor is that only some of the costs are directly variable with revenue. Credit card processing related fees are the biggest component and will fluctuate with our merchant revenue. And for contacts, that accounted for roughly a quarter of our cost of revenue in 2019. In Q2, we also have higher bad debt and customer charge backs related to COVID and also had cost related bodybuilding.com before it was sold. Customer service costs are tied more to call volume, and particularly early in Q2, we saw unprecedented levels of call volume due to cancellations that required additional staffing. Since April, these costs have started to decline year-over-year, as the environment is stabilized and we deploy more automation and self service tools. Longer term. We believe this is going to be a big opportunity for us to improve variable costs through further innovation on our virtual agent platform. We expect cost of revenue will remain a source of the leverage, while revenue remains depressed, but we do expect it to scale nicely as the business recovers and contribute to better gross margins as we return to more normalized volumes. On direct marketing expense, which is another area we're focusing on to drive efficiency, we slowly restarted marketing as the quarter progress and demand began to increase. We plan to continue working our way back into performance and brand marketing as we see demand signals in different geographies. But we intend to remain discipline operate at higher ROI than in the past, both near term and going forward. As Peter mentioned, the results this quarter are distorted in several ways through the impact of COVID. And I want to spend a few minutes going through a few key areas to help you understand what's happening to the business. In terms of our lodging results. ADRs were up 1% and revenue per room night increased 15%. On ADRs Vrbo, which carries high which carries higher ADRs and saw ADR growth given the strong demand that Peter talked about previously. It accounted for a much higher mix of room nights than it has historically, and more than offset declines at hotel ADR. A similar dynamic impacted revenue per room night with a growth driven by the increase in mix and approved monetization of Vrbo. Revenue take rate was abnormally high at 21%. While there's a lot of noise in the quarter, the biggest factor was the impact of lodging cancellations, which are netted out of gross bookings, but do not impact revenue contributed to the sort of take rate. This metric can remain volatile in the coming quarters with seasonality and product mix taking a different shape than we usually see. Air revenue was negative in the quarter unlike lodging. We recognize air revenue at the time of booking and make an assumption on cancellation rates. Given the unprecedented disruption to the air business during the last few months, cancellations are in excess of what we previously estimated. And for certain types of bookings, we refunded customers their airfare. We also reverse previously recognized revenue that was based on reaching certain volume thresholds. All of these factors were offsets to revenue which exceeded the low volume of new revenue in the quarter. Moving on to cash flow in the balance sheet, free cash flow in the quarter was negative $2.1 billion. And if you exclude Vrbo's merchant business, most of which goes to restricted cash. Free cash flow is closer to negative $2.2 billion largely due to the negative working capital impact to fund the decline in deferred merchant bookings and are adjusted with the loss in the quarter.
cost action to full: As booking trends improve deferred merchant booking started to increase in June and ended the quarter at $4.6 billion total or $3.8 billion, excluding deferred loyalty, with Vrbo accounting for most of the inquiries.
fit: If you exclude the financing completed back in May, the decline in cash moderated each month in Q2 and was down only modestly during June. Thanks to the stabilization and deferred merchant bookings and moderating profit loss. In addition to cash holdings at the end of the quarter, we held amounts and restricted cash and other balance sheet assets that covered approximately 60% of outstanding deferred bookings, excluding deferred loyalty. Turning to our capital structure. Earlier this month, we opportunistically raised a total of $1.25 billion and senior unsecured notes across three and seven year tranches with a weighted average coupon of 4.2%. We currently plan to use these proceeds to redeem the outstanding preferred equity stock when the redemption premium steps down in May of 2021, which was deliver significant cost savings and reduce our cost of capital. We continue to have flexibility in our capital structure to reduce our debt load over the next couple of years, which will be a key capital allocation priority and provides a path return to our historical leverage levels as the business recovers. Overall, we're excited by the improvement of travel demand over the last few months. As Peter talked about, it shows the consumers love and have a strong desire for travel and will find a way when they get comfort to do so. Nonetheless, there's still a lot of uncertainty about the virus. And we expect the recovery will have ups and downs along the way. And look different in different geographies, depending on the ability to control the buyers, travel restrictions and consumers general comfort with traveling. We feel like we're in a great position to participate as travel recovers. But right now we're primarily focused on what we can control internally. We're rapidly continuing down the path of reshaping how we do business. We're on track to come out of this disruption a stronger, more nimble company with better margins and positions deliver attractive growth for the long term. Operator, we're ready for our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Naved Khan with SunTrust.
Naved Khan: Yes. Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I just have a few. Maybe just on Vrbo first. Is there enough supply available to you to fulfill demand as you look out in to the back half? Or is it mostly booked? And then, I have a follow-up.
Peter Kern: Sure. Thanks for the question I would say, it's definitely not mostly booked. We have seen certain compression in a few markets. And in fact, you may have heard that the pricing has been higher as our suppliers have been able to get higher pricing as there's more demand in their markets. But there's very few markets where we have real issues with sufficient supply to satisfy demand. And certainly as you look out over the next several months and into the fall of Christmas season, there's no shortage of supply. This summer has gotten a little tighter again in a few spots. But by and large, there's ample of supply around the globe.
Naved Khan: That's helpful. And then, maybe just on the performance of different GOs [ph], as you look back into the July trends. Anything to call out with respect to performance of Europe and Asia. And how that compares with the U.S. business?
Peter Kern: Sure. I'll just say quickly and Eric can jump in. I think what we've seen, again, it's one of those things that rarely surprises you. It's kind of what you think it would be. The U.S. has been strong, and with the increase in viruses slowed a bit, Europe and Asia have been less strong, but slow and steady and kind of beginning to -- continuing to improve. We're seeing a few spots of virus issues in Europe. So never know and Latam has been a little bit more like the U.S., but it's quite small for us. So I would say, it's pretty much exactly what you think it would be based on what you're hearing about virus and openings, et cetera. And there's no real mystery inside of that anywhere. I don't know, Eric, if you want to add anything.
Eric Hart: Yes. The only thing that I would add to it is that the story as we evolve over time, it's going to be a series of micro stories and intersections of different geographies. And just to give you a flavor of that. When you look at air, that ultimately if you just look at our overall number, you'd see an improvement from April through to June and then a slight weakening in July. But if you then split between the various geographies, North America and Latam look pretty similar, which will follow a very similar curve that I just mentioned, whereas EMEA and APAC really haven't recovered very well yet from an air perspective. If you then look at lodging then however, Its somewhat of a different story where North America and EMEA look the same. So they will follow a curve or April was down quite significantly, but has rebounded a bit through June and the order of magnitude mentioned previously. But whereas APAC and LATAM are. So its going to be a story of comfort on domestic travel. How much of a given market historically and in this environment has domestic versus International. How comfortable people are across lodging versus air? But hopefully that will give you a sense for the various curves across two major problems, major geographies and products
Naved Khan: That's helpful. Thank you, Peter. Thank you, Eric.
Peter Kern: Yes. And I would just add before we take another question. That on the Vrbo side, one interesting part is that we have seen historically when you get economic downturns, you often get more people come -- more supply coming into the market. So we do have a hope that we will see. And we have seen some early signs of more supply coming in to the market, so that should help alleviate any inventory issues as well.
Naved Khan: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Deepak Mathivanan.
Deepak Mathivanan: Great. Thanks for taking the question, guys. Peter, I wanted to ask you a little bit of a big picture question. Given the trends that you have seen over the past few months, do you think there is a secular change in consumer behavior towards alternative accommodations in a more permanent way? Obviously, you have Vrbo. But where do you see incremental opportunity if this theme becomes sticky and significant for the whole travel industry? And then the second question is on the market share. You noted that you are willing to lose share gains in the near term on the performance marketing channels. How do you think about that shares specifically something where you would like it to sustain? And is there a level where you would like demand to get to before you become aggressive in the performance market channels? Thank you.
Peter Kern: Sure, thanks. On the first question, I would say, I personally don't think there I noticed there's been a lot of comments out there from my peers and others about the future of travel. I don't think we've seen anything to suggest that people's travel behavior will materially change. I do think that to your question specific to Vrbo, we are getting a lot of people experimenting with and hopefully being very happy and satisfied with the alternative accommodation experience and in particular for us Vrbo's main emphasis on the whole home. So I think there may well be people out there who are not as familiar either with our brand or with the experience who are now getting to experience it and having very satisfying great trips. And I think that's a great opportunity for us to create long term customer stickiness and value. And as you may know, we've been working over the last couple years to get more and more of that alternative product available through our main OTA brands, still a work in progress, but we are making real inroads there as well. So I think it will continue to be a great alternative for travelers. But, again, I am not want to believe that anything about what we're going through will be permanent. I recall very well, people's commentaries about the future of travel after 911 and the future of New York City after 911, all of which turned out to be untrue. So I am a general optimist in this regard. I think, again, people have shown -- I think travels like water it finds its way. If I can't go international, I'll go domestic. If I don't want to fly, I'll drive. If I don't want to stay in a hotel, I'll stay in an alternative accommodation. But I don't think we've really seen long term any reason to believe there's long term behavioral change. Sorry, and then to your second question on performance marketing. I would say, my comments were really about the short term week to week, little differences, they're blips all over the world. blips in demand, as Eric talked about, and you can spend all day chasing all those little blips, or you can work on the foundational work and we are working on the foundational work. That does not mean in any way that we're willing or desirous of yielding share. It just means that we're trying to keep the team focused on the bigger long term pot of money as opposed to getting an extra share point in a market that's doing a little better, but it's still down 70% or something. So we are willing to make those short term little changes. We still want to have share. We still want to drive our rightful share of market if anything, and I said it last time we spoke. I believe that we can grow share while growing profitability. That is my strong belief. But we have to do a lot of work to do the foundational stuff to get there. And one, I've talked about it before, but being able to optimize for multi brand is a complicated exercise, being able to figure out geographically where we push and where we pull back. All of those things are going on right now. So I think, again, we won't land it till we come out of this, but we have no general thesis that we're going to give up x many share points for x much profit. We would like to keep our share and just be much, much more profitable and thereby be able to drive even more share. And that is our goal.
Deepak Mathivanan: Right. Thanks, Peter.
Peter Kern: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jed Kelly with Oppenheimer & Company.
Jed Kelly: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Can you just talk about the flexibility in your brand on spending in the latter part of 4Q if hopefully, optimistic here that we get some positive data on the vaccine news and travel could be recovering, your flexibility on brand. And then just Vrbo, can you talk about -- are you benefiting on the shoulder seasons and fall bookings with people being able to work from home? And can you talk about the Vrbo booking window?
Peter Kern: Sure. Thanks for the questions. I would say, on the Vrbo part, we are focusing on the new realities around working from home. We have been pushing a variety of campaigns around helping people with that idea, home work, home school, the importance of WiFi and kind of products like that in this changed world. And as many of you are probably experiencing the question of the school year and how kids will go back to school varies greatly across the U.S. latter on world. And so I think there will be kind of different and unique opportunities to capitalize on that. We are using some campaigns, testing something out. We do thing the fall will be different that it has historically been. We do think the Christmas season could well be different, whether it just longer or we have seen over the summer these extended booking windows where people are booking for longer periods of time as they just recap to somewhere different with their family for a month. And I think we'll see some trends like that. But its too early to tell what the fall, honestly, what the fall will really look like. And I think candidly that's because probably uncertainty in the world that people still don't know if their kids are physically going to go to school or not. Are they going to need to go into work or now, all of those things. So I think as we get some clarity on that, which of course is coming in the month of August. In a large part, I think we'll start to get better picture. As far as brands can goes, whilst the lot of tools to push our brands. Some of them are historically the classic linear television or that matter all the new on-demand or streaming service. It include advertising. There's obviously digital products that can be use for branding and video as well as performance. So we have a lot of different levers to push. I would say, we have fair amount of latitude to dial things up we want to. We have obviously dial things down considerably. But again during period, going to back to sort of being really internally maniacally focused, our focus on brand separation, we're doing a lot of work around our branding, around particularly our brand and in brand Expedia to really define the brand stands for, separate and apart from hotels and Vrbo et cetera.  So there's a lot of really good going on, and I think we'll be an excellent position to kind of go through the stages or recovery as people start to get more comfortable and we land some messaging around that. And then with big push when things get more normalized about where we want to put and place each brand and what each brand is going stand for. So that's important work. Candidly, we haven't done that way ever being now as one group, defining each brand and each brand proposition. We're basically doing that work. We just put those groups together, couples or maybe not even two months ago. So we will be ready. We will have ample capital when the market's ready. And I think we will have much better brands separation and positioning for the future when we're ready to probably trigger on all. So -- but we certainly have many ways to do it. And frankly, each brand is effective in different ways and different lanes. So some brands had great success with YouTube. Others have been strong in classic television, and others have found other ways. So we have a lot of tools to use.
Jed Kelly: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Kevin Kopelman.
Kevin Kopelman: Thank you. So question on the revenue trends. You noted that new bookings from June were down about 45% and it fell off a little in July. Can you help us translate that new bookings metric directional into what it would mean for revenue given some of the puts and takes there? Thanks.
Eric Hart: I'll take that one. I mean, generally, I guess there's a couple of components that I would point to in there. Cancellations just going back in time and the impact of COVID, cancellations obviously spiked in the April and March time. There's a largely come back down to near but still elevated historical levels. I point that out, obviously that was a big driver, some volatility in our P&L. There is -- when you look at the ADRs and revenue rev per room night, the reason I'm pointing -- I'm pointing out a couple of different areas that maybe different than historical. So that there maybe some noise. On the ADR side, you saw that that go up or increased 1%. And that's 45% numbers that you mentioned -- that ADR is driven by Vrbo. ADR is higher because there's strong demand. We're mixing the Vrbo. But our -- that offsets double digit decreases in hotel. And then revenue per night has some of the similar impacts as well. So I would say that the P&L is going to be noisy. And I just gave you a few examples of how the amount of noise that has flowed through in Q2. So I would love to say that it's -- that whatever the range falls in July for the rest of the quarter will hit our P&L in the way that it has historically, or as we've seen in last year, if you will. But as Peter and I both mentioned, there is a bunch of noise. I think Q2 at least the latter part of Q2 probably gives us some indication. But it's going to be a bit noisy over the next few months. So I can't give you a definitive answer, if you will.
Kevin Kopelman: Got it. Thanks. That's helpful. And then if I could just ask one other question. Can you talk about what you're seeing in Europe? And to what extent has Europe travel been picking up? And is that having a meaningful impact for Expedia in terms of offsetting their kind of recent role on U.S.?
Eric Hart: Yes. I was going say -- I would say Europe was a was a bit slower than the U.S. could pick up. I think we've mentioned that a number of different times during the fundraising process, et cetera, where the U.S. started rebounding earlier, particularly in lodging, particularly as Peter mentioned, and the intersection of domestic drive to and whole homes, whereas EMEA was slower. Now, We have seen EMEA on the lodging side, start recover a bit. It's just more of a methodical improvement over time. I mentioned earlier on air, air is challenged more so than hotel and all geographies. And I would say, what we've seen thus far in Europe is continues to be quite challenged. There's a different mix between how domestic and international in Europe versus the U.S. And even though in the U.S., air still declined, still quite low. In EMEA, you just got a high rate of international travel, and there's just a lot of uncertainty that that remains. So. Europe continues to be pretty tepid on the on the air side. So good signals in EMEA. Time will tell. Slow on the air side.
Kevin Kopelman: Thanks, Eric. Thanks, Peter.
Eric Hart: Yep. Thanks, Kevin.
Peter Kern: thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan with UBS. And your line is open.
Eric Sheridan: Thank you so much for taking the question. Maybe one for each of you. Peter, just understanding the industry dynamic, with demand where it is, anything you're seeing interesting on the supply side of either more alternative accommodations being listed broadly on a global basis, or hotels more willing to work with the OTAs? Typically, if go back and look historically, those are periods of time where the OTAs tend to gain some share of supply when end demand has never been as low as this, but low generally. So I'm just curious what you might be seeing on the supply side as opposed to the demand side looking at the marketplace? And then, Eric, you made a point in the 8-K of the merchant liabilities starting to improve. Wanted to just get a check in on the balance sheet. How you guys are thinking about merchant liabilities is the drag? Has that stabilized? And how should we think about aligning the balance sheet against both your growth goals and your capital return potential goals over the medium to long term? Thanks so much.
Peter Kern: Yes. Thank you very much. So I'll take the first one and say, it's a couple different buckets. I mentioned the opportunity we think there is around more supply coming into the Vrbo rental base. People are all looking for ways to monetize their assets. And we do believe and we have seen some early signs, nothing, not a tidal wave or anything but some early signs that there's opportunity there. And we do market to that audience, and we do try to build that side of the platform. So, that's ongoing. I think there's solid opportunity there. But it's relatively early days. And I think, again, again, you all have your own views about what the economy will look like coming out of this and all -- globally, et cetera, but we think there's opportunity there. As for the big players on the air and lodging side, look, our main goal is to get everybody back in business and drive as much business as we can to all those players. We are trying to be as collaborative as we can. But I would say, yes, there is by and large a willingness and openness to work together on new ideas, things that have been sitting on the shelf for a while that have been talked about but never moved on. I think there's some interesting things we can do with some of our lodging partners that we're looking at. There's a lot of opportunity for air, and we're working to improve our air product and we're working with our air suppliers, so we can make that good for everybody. And yes, there is a general sense of collaboration and willingness to work on new ideas to drive business for everybody. And I would say that in times like this you would expect and we are making up more share of everybody's wallet on the supply side. So we're not trying to put the screws to anybody who are trying to collaboratively look at how we can grow their business, help grow our business. And we are keenly focused on that. So there is definitely opportunity. Again, I don't think it's about leveraging a moment. It's really about an openness that you get at a time like this where everybody's in a bit of a crisis to look at opportunities, to work together to grow the business, to improve both sides, and that's what we're focused on.
Eric Hart: Hey, this is Eric. I'll take the second half of the question. And thanks for the question. I'm going to give slightly a longer update, because I think there's a fair number of questions I suspect we'll get during the call. So let me try to give a bit of a holistic update on the balance sheet and cash. So if you look at the deferred merchant bookings, and again, for everyone's edification, deferred merchant bookings is where we accept customers cash, we then hold on to that and remit it to suppliers post stay, if you well. It did decrease $1.3 billion during the quarter. But if you look at the trend over that quarter, it was a significant drop in April, a slight decline in May, and then actually increase in June. The increase in June is driven by Vrbo, which we've talked a lot about the strong bookings, growth actually year-on-year that occurred in Vrbo. If you look at non-Vrbo within that deferred merchant booking, it was essentially flat between May and June. So if you would go in reverse and we look back and what we are observing in the April and March, April, May timeline where that DMB or that Deferred Merchant Booking was really declining. I would say we feel pretty darn good about how the latter part of the quarter looked from a Deferred Merchant Booking standpoint. I then move to cash. I know a lot of this is in the financials that we publish. But essentially, we started the quarter with $4.1 billion, essentially a change, call it, operating of negative 1.4. We then raised approximately $4 billion of financing. Obviously, it was a little bit less than that from a net standpoint. So at the end of the quarter, we had $5.5 billion, and that's excluding the 1.25 incremental raise that we did earlier this month. And then lastly, which is related to all of this is and I suspect there's a question coming just around that $275 million cash burn rate that we talked about. And over the -- when we've talked about over the last couple of months and quarters. Remember, this is effectively contribution neutral. Revenue, less cost of revenue, less marketing, we assume that zero. And then what is the cost to run the business. So i.e. what is the cost to keep the site up? What is the cost to keep the lights on? We had said previously that we would be at approximately at $275 million burn rate per month. And we said, we would get to that by the end of the year. I'm happy to say that we are operating broadly in that range right now. So we have achieved it faster than we anticipated. Just one point of clarification, because I know it comes up occasionally. It does exclude restructuring costs associated with our cost program. And then because we raised $1.25 billion, we will have about $5 million of incremental interest expense. But sort of net-net feel very good about the DMB where the trend is. We're in a strong cash position and feel really good about our overall cost program and what that burn rate looks like.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks for all the color.
Eric Hart: Yep. Got it. Thank you for the question.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line Lee Horowitz with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Lee Horowitz: Great, thanks for taking the question. So you're sticking with Vrbo with obviously booking trends remaining really strong for the pandemic. I guess, is there anything you're seeing there as it relates to traffic next in terms of paid traffic versus direct to Vrbo? And how you would expect that to perhaps evolve over the course of this crisis?
Eric Hart: Yeah, absolutely. One of the things that I think I have heard other places as well, as you know, many of us retrenched that out of competitive advertising and ad of the auctions, to a large extent when things got really bad in March and April. We have been waiting back in with all our brands. But much more delicately with Vrbo, because candidly, Vrbo has been the beneficiary of a huge amount of direct traffic, and essentially organic traffic. So, the mix of business has been extremely profitable on a relative basis for Vrbo. And that has been terrific. We're not against using performance marketing in Vrbo. And we certainly are trying to use it definitely. But our mix and our returns on marketing are at massively higher levels than they -- we were historically running at in, call it, late 2019. So, yes, there's definitely been and I don't want to say, its a structural shift. We'll see what the world like, when everything normalizes. But what we have seen that the brand is quite strong that people can find us. And that we're important as an organic option and a great option for travelers. So I think the mix is terrific there right now. And, you know, no doubt as we grow --- but as we continue to grow and other players get a little healthier, we may see a mix change a bit, but right now, that makes it terrific.
Lee Horowitz: Great. Thanks for taking question.
Eric Hart: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. This is James on for Brent. Thanks for taking my questions. I just had one for Eric. Can you give us an update on what your CapEx spend is looking like for the back half of 2020 and then first half of 21. I know you have the headquarters which should be completed by early next year, but just want to know what your other capex spend might look like and how we should think about that from a modeling perspective. Thanks.
Eric Hart: Yes. Our CapEx presume you saw was $206 million. Of that 34 million was of headquarters, again, we gave an update last quarter that we restarted on headquarters, and that's been 115 million for the first half of the year, excluding headquarters to 172 million. Just to give you the components up there to highlight level. the vast majority is uncapitalized labor, that's essentially employees that are doing tech developments. And we should see some improvement in that capitalized labor, just given the cost program and some of the actions that we've taken to date. We've got the data center is where we continue to move more into the cloud. That data center CapEx should moderate as well. And then by -- essentially the cap labor on data center captures most of it. So what I would say, not giving you too specific numbers, if you will, is that for 2020, we should come in less than we were in 2019, with all the various moving parts. And then as we go into 2021, as that headquarters rolls off, we should be much more efficient. We should require less CapEx and ultimately see better cash conversion. But hopefully that gives you an order of magnitude on 2020. And then over time, it should it should get more efficient to.
Unidentified Analyst: Very helpful. Thank you so much.
Eric Hart: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Chris Kuntarich with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Chris Kuntarich: Maybe just start on the vacation rental side, just kind of parsing out the difference of what's going on in vacation rental and hotel. I think you has mentioned that VRVO was growing. So just maybe first, since you guys have seen sort of the plateau in July. Is there any difference going on in the cancellation and new bookings From the two? 
Eric Hart: Yes. I would say broadly, cancellation rates have stayed pretty consistent. We won't . I would say there's anything noteworthy between how hotels and vacation rental is performing except that hotel has taken longer to, you know, is on a slower trajectory to recovery. Clearly vacation rental was very strong. We saw demand exceed prior years during some of these compression periods, which in a world like this is great to see and hotel just been on a slower pace to recovery but I think on the cancellation side we haven't seen anything noteworthy. And again broadly, cancellation have remained stable for the last -- for July, June et cetera, its not -- there's no big uptick in cancellations that we've seen. So the real different is, that compression of early bookings that were in the vacation rental space that the hotel shouldn't see I would say. And then easing of that compression period into July. And where the hotels have been slowly making up ground on a more leaner basis.
Chris Kuntarich: Got it. And maybe just a follow-up. As it relates to cloud cost, I think you been called up previously that 2020 level should be below 2018. And I was curious as you guys got further into the year. If you can put any bit of a final point on that? Thanks.
Eric Hart: Yes. I think the story remains the same. Just to recap for those that may not have full story. We brought all of our cloud teams and do a singly unite, they have the ability to optimize the right side of the computer. So we've been able to really push and accelerate that in the COVID environment. So it gave us some short term benefits and we think that overly bear fruit over the long term as well. Better economics with our vendors etc cetera. But over that by 2020 we do expected to be down. However when volumes start a year. It does obviously have a variable component to it. And so, as that volume comes back you would expect to grow a long method as well. But I think sort of magnitude or the story that we tell before still holds.
Chris Kuntarich: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Brian Fitzgerald with Wells Fargo. And your line is open.
Brian Fitzgerald: Thanks, guys. We want to ask just sort of hypothesis on. Generally, when consumers travel close to home, I think you see shorter durations and less expensive accommodations versus when you're traveling farther and internationally. Is that valid? Is that valid in old days? But are you seeing those dynamics change now with more local travel coming back, replacing longer international trips. You see consumers trading up verse what they would normally spend staying longer on durations. Anything you could tell us about kind of the propensity to spend as local starts first versus International? Thanks.
Peter Kern: Eric, I'm going to first. I'll take a whack at if you want.
Eric Hart: Yes, sure.
Peter Kern: There's a lot going on in that question. But I would say a few things. We have seen pricing and propensity to pay et cetera and long duration very evident in the vacation rental business. People in compressed markets have been able to push what they charge and suppliers that is. And people have, as I mentioned, they're staying longer. And so that, if anything driving up as you think about from an ADR standpoint that I think broadly find in hotel space. There has been not the inroads [ph] but there's more pressure on pricing and more discounting? Why do you look for keep those comfort and propensity to go to hotels has been less robust. So its kind of exactly what you'd expect from a supply and demand standpoint. I think in terms of local versus non-local and duration on the hotel side, I don't know, if Eric has any good data there. But I don't think we've seen dramatic change there. I think that's been similar. And yes, in terms of total wallet share of a domestic trip is tend to be smaller than an international trip. But again, I think this is just everyone's finding their opportunity. So of course, air is suffering more than lodging, even though as far as I know, nobody's yet said they've gotten sick on an airplane. But air still is something people are less comfortable with. And so, people are driving and finding other ways to get to hotels and things. And -- but I think domestic -- local domestic is sort of slowly filling up the holes of international. So I think it's really just a volume game. I think the ADR question is really just a function of overall supply and demand and its acting exactly as you would expect it, which is if you're in a compressed market on the Florida coast, and there aren't enough homes and a lot of interested people, you can push pricing. And you do. And if you're a hotel somewhere where not a lot of tourists are going maybe like New York right now. You have to compete, and therefore you try to compete on price.
Eric Hart: Yes. I think you've covered it. I'd be careful extrapolating too much on any of the trends you'd see. It's really people solving for the travel that they can and still want to travel. I think the real positive though is that, and Peter mentioned it earlier, that we've just got a lot of people that are getting exposed to the Vrbo brand and alternative accommodations and it's a bit of a fast-forward in that exposure, and we're going to take the approach to build a relationship with those individuals. And I think people are having a great experience. At least that's what I can -- in my conversations anecdotally. So I think that -- it's a very positive outcome for Vrbo from that perspective.
Peter Kern: And apologies, I would just triple down. Don't extrapolate too much from any of this. I think this is really a unique moment. And I said it before, but I don't think this portends any difference in how people think about things. It may expose them the more or may make them open to things they weren't open to before. But I don't think we're seeing some structural shift in people's views about hotels or other things. It's just a moment. And it's just about their comfort and their safety and what they're able to do.
Brian Fitzgerald: Thank you, Peter. Thank you, Eric.
Eric Hart: Yep. Thank you.
Operator: We will now the call back over to CEO Peter Kern.
Peter Kern: Okay. Thank you everybody for your questions. I hope we gave you a good perspective on the business. I just want to reiterate. We're feeling really good about the internal work we're doing. I commend our teams who have done amazing work in impossible circumstances where everybody's working from home and everything is harder. So can't thank all of them enough. And appreciate you all your questions. As Eric and I said, we hope that you'll see the benefit of all this hard work we been doing as the numbers come back. And we look forward to talking to you in another quarter. So thank you for your time. And everybody stay safe. Take care.
Operator: This concludes today's call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-20 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And welcome to the Expedia Group Incorporated Quarter One 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Michael Senno, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Michael Senno: Good afternoon. And welcome to Expedia Groups financial results conference call for the first quarter year ended March 31, 2020. I am pleased to be joined on the call today by our Vice Chairman and CEO, Peter Kern; and our CFO, Eric Hart. The following discussion including responses to your questions, reflect managements views as of today, May 20th, 2020 only. We do not undertake any obligations to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on todays call are forward-looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate, we are optimistic or confident that, or similar statements. Please refer to todays earnings release and the companys filings with the SEC for information about factors, which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You will find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the companys Investor Relations website at ir.expediagroup.com. And I encourage you to periodically visit our IR website for other important content including todays earnings release. Unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense and technology and content expense, excludes stock-based compensation and all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2019. Please note that depreciation expense is now reported in a separate line item and prior periods have been restated to reflect this change. Starting the first quarter, we have updated our segment reporting to reflect our platform operating model and align our reporting with customer segments. Our new segments are, retail, which includes our consumer-facing brands, B2B, which includes Expedia Partner Solutions and Egencia, trivago and corporate. Services provided by our technology platform and supply organization are primarily allocated to the retail and B2B segments. Please see the 8-K we issued earlier this week for restated segment data for the prior two years. And with that, let me turn the call over to Peter.
Peter Kern: Thanks very much Michael and good afternoon everyone. I hope you are all safe wherever you are and your families, and loved ones or likewise. Let me start by saying this is our first virtual earnings call. So, if we have any technical difficulties, apologies in advance and likewise apologies that our Chairman will not be joining us. Eric and I will do our best to be as informative and transparent, but we may not be quite as quote worthy. So, I hope you can live with that. As for Eric and I, we are doing our first formal call today. And I want to first say that the company is lucky to have Eric in his seat as CFO. Hes been with the company for quite a long time in a number of roles and has been a great partner for Barry and I, as we set up on this journey late last year in trying to simplify and reorganize the company to be as effective as possible and we are lucky to have him. And as for me, first of all, I am grateful to the Board for their support, for putting me in the role. I am really excited about the opportunities ahead of us. I am not crazy. I know it seems like an odd time to take on running a travel company, but the opportunities I saw, as Barry and I dug into the business, are just tremendous and I think great things are ahead for us and looking forward to telling you more about that. First off, Id like to talk about COVID and our response to it. It goes without saying that as a company and as human beings, we are obviously keenly aware of the health and societal impact of the virus. And of course, that is the most important thing going on in the world. But the human side goes beyond that because many of our partners, people in the lodging business and the travel industry are suffering mightily. And in addition to the health issues, we have got a lot of partners and friends with issues of their business survival, their jobs etcetera and we have been trying to do whatever we can to help, however many people we can. Our primary focus is initially was of course on the health of our people and on our customers and our supply partners, we did everything we could to try to make that easy on everyone as possible, though, of course, it was not easy on anybody. We saw enormous cancellation levels come in as did the entire travel industry. We had customers stranded. We had supply partners who had all kinds of issues with cancellations and policy issues and we were scrambling like everybody else. But our teams did tremendous work, I would say on a number of fronts, not least of all, trying to help the customers. I would just point out, we had levels of cancellations that were many multiples of our highest cancellation levels on any day ever experienced, and at the same time, at certain points just because of government closures and the inability for our teams to get to the office and our service people to get to the phone centers, we had as low as 30% of our available call center capabilities. So it was a real struggle. But our teams on the technology side did a great job of helping to solve that and quickly put in place a number of cancellation tools, self-cancel tools. We deployed our voice platform more widely and really helped a lot of people took the burden off of our customer service representatives, and frankly, installed, in a very short time, a lot of great work that will pay huge dividends down the road for us. We have also been working closely with our supply partners and I would commend them all in working through a terrible difficult time with us. We are trying to smooth the customer experience and make the policies work in a really unheard of time, when no one knew exactly what to do. We were not perfect. We certainly learned a lot from this. I dont think any company could have been prepared for this. And it is frustrating that we could not make every customer perfectly happy or service everybody at the speeds we wanted. But I think we learned a lot and we will be in much, much better shape for the future. And as I say, we will reap a lot of benefit from what was done. And finally, our other sort of immediate response to the virus was to raise additional capital. You all saw our announcement last month, we raised close to $4 billion of incremental capital, which we believe gives us ample resource to survive whatever might come from the virus. I am not going to belabor the first quarter. I know you have seen the numbers. Suffice it to say that, the first couple first couple of months we are looking pretty good. We were feeling quite good about the business. From a performance standpoint, we were installing a new cost plan to take out significant costs. And then the virus became quite real for us as it stated to shut down the globe and we, of course, suffered like everybody else as those shutdowns sort of dominoed through the globe. But as it spread, the numbers started to become less and less meaningful. And really, the response was the only thing that mattered and so I would encourage you not to get terribly caught up in the noise of the first quarter. Only that we were in a good spot before it happened. The virus has been painful. We will talk a little bit about how much damage it did and where the trough was, but Id encourage you not to focus too much on those numbers. On the plus side, we had begun, as we mentioned in our last conversation at the end of last year to make changes to simplify the company. We have done a large re-org of our tech capabilities and created a platform to serve both our consumer and business-to-business facing enterprises. And that work has been terrific. Our teams have done a great job. We are already starting to see significant benefit from that. And thats not just on the bottom line, on cost savings, but thats also in capabilities. Our data teams have done remarkable work. And again, all of those things will be hugely powerful on the other side of this virus. But we were ahead of the game, because we also, as I mentioned in February again installing our plan to save on the cost side. You will remember that this was a plan that went across the waterfront. It was people, real estate licenses, you name it. We were looking at every part of the business. And at the time, we have scoped that at about a $300 million to $500 million annualized savings. And all, I would say about that is that since the virus hit, it obviously created even more urgency and focus in the organization. And I would say our ambition has increased significantly and our speed has increased significantly and let me just head off questions for later. We are not going to put a new number on it. We are focused on going as fast as we can and taking out as much as we can wherever access exits but we are not going to re-scope that number for you this quarter. And when we know more, you will know more about the scale of that opportunity. We also began pushing the organization to drive change as fast as it could. What we saw was, as everyone has seen that our volumes have been significantly impacted. And we have had a history of being quite careful about changing technology, pushing technology changes through as one would expect with very high volumes and very high throughput all the time. But since we have had these lower levels of throughput, we felt the unique opportunity to try to push through significant technology change and things that might have taken months and months or years to push through and put them on an agenda to push then through much more quickly. So the company is just way more focused on changing, changing quickly and getting to the other side of a lot of what had been thorny technology issues as rapidly as we can. We also, last week, announced that we were reorganizing our retail group. This is the next stage in our simplification. Its a big step for us. You all know that, we have operated as brands for a long time. And beginning last week, we are operating as one retail facing organization. We will have a marketing group that is focused entirely on marketing the whole suite of brands in the most effective way possible all over the globe and we have a product and tech group on retail, which is focused entirely on building the best products, the best consumer interfaces and the best tools for our consumers that can be marketed down through the retail group. So we have taken down those boundaries. Again, we think theres efficiency there. But as much as there maybe efficiency, we think theres this huge opportunity to have the product teams working together to build the best products, deploying them as widely as possible across our consumer-facing fronts. And we think that our marketing teams will have a great opportunity to stop competing with each other and start optimizing for the group of brands instead of -- for a single brand against another. You will note, as Michael said, that we have changed our segment reporting to reflect that our real view of things today is that theres consumer facing retail business, theres a B2B-facing business and then theres the platform and the corporate organization that serves all of that. And I will say, for the record, we believe that all of those revenues and all those pockets of demand are equally valuable. We think both businesses filling gaps in the market. And we think that we can reach as the most demand possible by having those big chunks of business in retail and B2B to find all the demand all over the globe. On the marketing point, I just want to amplify. You have heard a lot of conversation about direct customer relationships. Its a nice thing to say. We believe in it. But this is more than just an emphasis point. This is about building better products, doing better brand and direct marketing, better merchandising, which has not been a great strength of ours. And in general, using the data we have, which again had never been pulled together as a company and has only been together for the last few months to power our ability to do all of those things, to understand our customer better, to serve them better, to serve up choices for them better, everything. So we believe we have huge opportunities on that front. And we have been overly reliant and we have heard this before on been performance marketing. We have not been disciplined about it. We have chased on healthy growth over the years. And Google and other performance marketing channels have tried to dis-intermediate us and we have made some not terribly smart choices along the way. We believe that this reset of the virus will give us an opportunity. I mean, we have been talking about this for a while, but as we wave back into the marketplace to be much more disciplined to only chase real growth, real valuable growth, healthy growth and not be stuck chasing performance marketing and entering into dis-economic auctions. So we intend to be much better about that. We intend to keep those customers longer. We intend to serve them better and keep those direct relationships going strong. And finally, I am sure you are all interested in the recent business trends. Like some of the other companies in our space, you probably heard that late March into April was the trough of the business. That is true for us. We saw gross bookings, new lodging bookings down about 85% year-on-year, which of course was terrible. And cancellations were extremely high. Since then, I am pleased to say, but I would not get overly excited about it, that we have seen nice growth coming into May. And essentially, what we have seen is both growing out green shoots in the areas you would expect, places where movement has become possible, where people can now start to think about their summer holidays, et cetera. We see that very quickly when that happens and cancellations have settled down. They are still at elevated levels, but they have stabilized. So the combination of those things has may looking considerably better than the trough. We are not making any predictions. We, of course, cannot control the virus. So we are merely adapting to it as it comes and trying to be smart about where the business is. What we can do to help the business along in places where it exists and be smart again about how we attract the demand that is out there. Id say its important to keep in mind that, because we have a global footprint and because we are essentially in every line of travel business thats significant. We get demand wherever it lives, so I know theres been a lot of questions about international versus domestic, local, regional, et cetera. The truth is we have a way to capture whatever demand is out there, wherever it exists in the world and wherever it is local, regional, domestic or international, we have a way to participate. So I would say we are well-hedged against however it comes back. And what we are seeing clearly is what you have been hearing that local, regional, domestic is certainly coming back stronger sooner. And I would just point out a bright spot for us has been Vrbo, where we have seen really markedly better performance and that clearly seems to be around people who have been stuck in their city dwellings or wherever and are looking forward to being able to get away from those cities to some place for a vacation with their families this summer. And we are pleased to see the demand. Its clear that the Vrbo focus on the whole home experience is a real advantage over the competition right now. Vrbo is not big in cities. Its not big in rooms in other homes and those kinds of things that is really a fort wall whole home experience and we have seen some really nice signal out of that vacation rental business. So with that, I would pass it over to Eric and say thank you for your time. Again, dont get too focused on the quarterly numbers, I dont think they are meaningful. We are entirely internally focused right now, trying to do the most good we can to both navigate the situation, help our customers, help our partners reignite their businesses, and most importantly, from our perspective, get our business right and our product right and our offerings right. So when we come out of this, as tired as it is, we will be stronger and better than we were before. So with that, Eric?
Eric Hart: Great. Thank you, Peter. I appreciate it and the kind words as well. So before I get started, I also wanted to echo Peters comments around thanking the employees. Its a very stressful time. Its quite difficult. And I have seen heroic efforts across the organization to tackle some pretty difficult problems for fellow employees and customers and partners as well. So thank you to all those involved and that have really put in tons of effort and very stressful time and I just want to say thank you on behalf of myself and TLT and Peter and Barry as well. So thank you. Coming into the year, and as I mentioned in Q1, driving margin expansion and improving unit economics were key priorities for us. And with COVID hitting, we moved with even more urgency on these efforts and took additional actions, further improve our cost structure and preserve capital in the near-term. I want to tick through the major cost items, just to give you a sense for what we are seeing and some of the actions that we are taking. So from overhead perspective, the cost savings initiative that we started earlier this year is driving significant savings in overhead costs and its putting us on a path to reset our fixed cost basis. And then in addition to that, shifting to the platform operating model that Peter talked about, really positions us to scale the business far more efficiently going forward. So during COVID, we have made additional cost cuts to help preserve capital, but thats within the context of trying to reset the cost basis of our business. From a cost of revenue standpoint, those are mostly variable or semi-variable expenses. So as you can imagine, as our volumes have decreased, theres a natural offset due to COVID and those reduced volumes. We have unlocked significant cloud savings through optimization efforts, benefiting from centralization -- centralizing the cloud management in our platform, which we talked about last quarter. We have also made temporary changes to lower cost -- the cloud costs as well during COVID and now expect cloud costs for 2020 to be well below 2019 levels for this year. We are also accelerating progress on vertical agent and self-service tools to make customer service more efficient and if you take the cloud plus the customer service efficiencies, we do expect those to continue to contribute to better unit economics as volume comes back. From a direct marketing standpoint, its clearly our largest expense and its almost entirely variable. Starting in mid March we cut expense to nearly 0. Now as we started to see green shoots and as we expect the market to go down and we start marketing efforts we will remain very disciplined and run performance marketing channels at much higher ROIs going forward, as Peter mentioned. Regarding cash burn, the headcount reduction that we have talked about previously as part of the overall cost plan, it does -- it also drives savings and capitalized labor. So thats incremental to the P& L benefit. And in addition, we did defer several real estate capital projects, another nonessential CapEx to preserve liquidity. However, we recently restarted construction on our new headquarters, since it is more efficient to do so and we now expect it to complete in the first half of 2021. Across overhead, CapEx and interest expense a pro forma for the recent debt issuances, we expect our monthly cash usage during the COVID crisis to be below $275 million within the next couple of months. If COVID were to have a protracted impact, we do have additional cost waiver that we can pull and will do so at the appropriate time. Our Q1 results did not fully reflect this cost structure given the impact of COVID and timing of our cost initiatives. So a couple of specific areas I want to call out. Costs of revenues grew 28% to a higher provision for bad debt related to future collection risk from the impact of COVID-19 on customers, as well as inorganic impact from bodybuilding.com and higher cloud expenses. We recently sold bodybuilding.com as part of our simplification effort and savings as I mentioned previously, those benefits will roll in through the year. Overhead costs were roughly flat in Q1 as the benefit from our cost savings initiative did not kick in until March. We expect overhead expenses to decline at a double-digit percent starting in Q2. So turning to cash flow and the balance sheet, free cash flow was negative $1 billion in Q1, primarily due to the use of cash for working capital. The working capital charge largely related to lower merchant account payables from the significant stayed room night decline late in the quarter and an increase in prepaid assets, including deposits to fund future refunds. Deferred margin bookings increased modestly in the quarter due to an increase in Vrbo merchant bookings. And our typical seasonal pattern, deferred merchant bookings, they increased in the first half of the year as customers book, travel and then decline in the second half of the year as more customers are staying than actually traveling. This year, started with a similar pattern through mid-to-late February and then as new bookings dramatically decline and calculations spiked in March, deferred merchant bookings declined significantly. This dynamic continued in April as customers canceled travel plans, mostly for near-term travel dates that were impacted by COVID-19. And as of the end of April, our total deferred merchant booking balance is $4.3 million and excluding deferred loyalty, the balance was approximately $3.5 million. As we manage through this near-term liquidity capital headwind, in addition to cost cuts, we have taken step to preserve in both the equity, we suspended REIT purchases and dividends and we also closed few transactions which totaled nearly $4 billion in capital. The $1.2 billion preferred equity investments Apollo and Silver Lake has a dividend that can be paid in time, first three years as well as redemption options. We also issued a total of 8.4 million warrants as part of that transaction. We also raised $2.75 billion in unsecured to senior notes. The notes were issued in two tranches, one of which is callable after two years. We plan to use proceeds from this debt race to repay the $750 million senior notes that mature in August, performing for these transactions, as of the end of April our total cash balance was $6.5 billion. In addition to cash, across restricted cash, accounts receivable and prepaid in current assets, we held amounts covering 40% of outstanding deferred merchant bookings, excluding deferred loyalty. As travel begins to recover on booking trends rebound further, we expect to see immediate cash flow benefits from the merchant model, even with new booking levels well below 2019. We believe our liquidity affords us flexibility to navigate a prolonged impact from COVID and position a leader as travel recovers. While we have a higher debt balance and pro forma a leverage that we historically carried, we remained committed to investment-grade credit ratings and fully intend to work back toward our historical leverage levels as the business recovers. In addition to the $750 million notes due this year, we have a tranche of notes maturing in 2022, notes callable in 2022 and the borrowings under our revolver, all of which gives us a lot of flexibility to quickly get on a path back to desired capital structure in the coming years. Given the uncertain environment, we are not providing guidance for 2020. In the second quarter, we currently expect revenue declines to more closely mirror recent booking trends and our adjusted EBITDA loss to be significantly higher than in Q1 as we will have a full quarter of the global impact from COVID. While we remain optimistic that travel will bounce back, we know it could take time to return to prior levels. We are going to keep driving efficiencies and we are going to position the business to operate faster and more effectively in the past, as Peter talked earlier. And when travel demand returns, we expect to emerge with better margins and be in position to drive the level of growth we plan for as we enter 2020. Operator, we are ready to take our first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we will take our first question from Mark Mahaney with RBC. Please go ahead.
Mark Mahaney: So that May was looking considerably better than the trough. I mean, can you try to quantify that for us? That would be -- that would be helpful. And then secondly, you talk about taking a fresh look at the business cutting back potentially on some performance based marketing spend Google spend, that obvious been a key part of the OTA story, I dont know, for two decades. Your level of conviction that you can -- how you -- just talk about how you hedge against the possibility that the alternative marketing channels wont be as efficient as that? When do you think you will really get visibility? I know, its a hard time to run marketing experiments in this environment. Is this something that is probably going to take you a year or more to really figure out how to better optimize your marketing if really can optimizing away from performance marketing. Thanks a lot. 
Peter Kern: Sure. Thanks, Mark. So first of all, on May, no, I am not going to give you much to quantify that, except to say that we have seen week-by-week improvement. Again, we are a many product business. So some businesses like Vrbo are considerably off the bottom. Others are more modestly off the bottom, all the assumptions and all the prognosticators about the comeback of travel locally recently. Is it vacation rental or hotels? I think we are seeing improvement everywhere. We are seeing more marked improvement in vacation rental right now. And I would say we are fortunate in that we are relatively heavily weighted towards the U.S. and the U.S. is relatively stronger. But of course, there are places all over the world that are beginning to open up, be it parts of APAC, parts of EMEA, et cetera. So I think we are seeing week-by-week improvement. Its encouraging, but we are still at greatly reduced levels. And the numbers candidly are not terribly meaningful right now. Directionally, they are meaningful and they are hopeful. But the delta between minus 85% and minus some other big percent is not really terribly telling. I think the question will be how long does sustain itself? Does it continue to grow? And frankly, do all of us do our part to make travel safe so that we dont end up with any future constraints that stopped the improvement. So I think thats all I can really give you on May. As far as the bigger cutting back marketing OTA story. I recognize, as Google and others have pushed their way into the -- to intermediate all of us. That has created challenges. I think theres also been challenges as we have all tried to continue to drive growth and werent finding other ways to drive it as effectively. I would say the things that give me encouragement are, first of all, while we dont have the volumes to test it right now, we do have an opportunity of an entire reset, because we have essentially gone to virtually no marketing. And as we weigh back in, we are able to be more precise, be more constrained, watch and learn and grow into it and not just dive back in head first and spend back to the levels we were at. I also think we have not done our job on a couple of fronts. One is, as I mentioned, as our own brands competed, whether thats broadly or locally, we were creating our own dynamics in the marketplace, but I think we probably never fully understood. We are now an integrated marketing team, led by two great executives who will figure out how to make sure that we will spend appropriately and not be pushing price against ourselves. Secondly, we have done precious little with all the data we have and all the merchandising capabilities we have and we havent done an exceptional job of retaining our customers and giving them reasons to want to come back directly to us, directly to our app, et cetera. It has been a growing area of business. We have done a good job, but if you think about not having all the data on your customers aligned in one place, not having the tools to tell them, hey, you went to Vegas last year. At this time, would you like to go to Vegas again? We just have a lot we can do to continue to drive the business without the only idea being, how about we spend a little more in performance marketing. So I think we have a lot of opportunity there. We have also seen that as we have gone through these very low levels of performance marketing that our brand is quite effective. People come back looking for our brands because our brands have import and its an imprecise science, but knowing what your brands can drive themselves without performance is an important part of this. So I think this low will give us more insight into that as we climb out.
Mark Mahaney: Okay. Thank you very much, Peter.
Peter Kern: You bet.
Operator: And our next question comes from Naved Khan with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Naved Khan: Hi. Thanks a lot. Just a couple of questions. Can you maybe talk a little bit about what the integrated marketing effort does in terms of the trade up between growth versus just marketing more effectively and profitably? And then, if I had to just think about the margins in the business over the medium term or maybe longer term. And considering what you have done over the last several months in terms of just cost takeout and streamlining, where do you think margins can be in the business?
Peter Kern: I will let Eric take the second part of that. But I would say the trade-up on marketing growth, its one of the benefits of having this giant reset is we are not sitting there with a run rate number. And saying, do we go for profit, do we go for growth, do we go for whatever? I think we are trying to just be smarter overall as we climb back into the market and I think we want to clearly be focused. We have clearly said to the company, we will be focused on simplicity and profitability and efficiency, but that is not to say that we do not want to keep growing. We believe we can keep growing on a more profitable base in a more healthy way, retain customers more, have lifetime value increase, all those basic building blocks. So I think we are hopeful that we can drive both. We certainly wont -- as I said, we wont be headlong into driving top line growth just for the hell of it. We will drive top line growth where we think it makes sense. And listen, it may turn out that as we get better and better at retaining customers and creating longer-term stickiness and lifetime value, we will have yet another approach to performance marketing as we think about how many customers we keep for the long-term. So these things are evolving and we are going to no doubt we are in a lot. And all I can say is I am not telling you it so. I am telling you what we are going to do and you will judge us on whether we deliver it or not. But that is the orientation of the company and that is how we are going to approach the market. And as for the margins, I will let Eric talk about that. But I would just point out that a lot of the work we are doing is not only about efficiency, its about unlocking real opportunities. So these data things -- many of the things we have done and will do, that will unlock efficiency will also unlock opportunity on the top line, I believe.
Eric Hart: Yeah. And then from a margin standpoint, listen, we are not giving guidance at this point, that includes what the ultimate margin profile will look like. But we are going after every cost in the company in one form or another and if you think about how the business was run historically, which was independent brands competing out in the marketplace, you can imagine that we were doing the same thing in multiple places in the organization. And there wasnt a lot of central management of areas that arguably should. So just to give you an example on the unit economic side, I talked a bit about it already, but we centralized the cloud management team and especially given COVID, that team has ferociously gone after that expense. And I think the profile of that spend is materially different coming out the other side of COVID. Customer service, we started the journey of using more technology to help solve questions from customers and delivering their needs with COVID. We have accelerated that. We are putting real investment behind it. The teams are energized. We are seeing great returns from that and customers really love it as well. Our NPS scores, when they engage with those tools, are quite positive too. So to Peters point, theres cost efficiencies, theres margin opportunities and we are actually stepping up the customer experience at the same time. Peter has already talked about marketing, so I wont get into detail there. But on the fixed cost basis, we are still working through, the plan we have executed large parts of it. We continue to push that forward and as we have gotten into COVID and just generally peeling the layers back. We just continue to find opportunities to work with vendors where we have multiple contracts to get to a single global contract and work through a lot of those details to push our costs lower and to be more efficient while we are doing it. We will come out the other side of this we will be leaner, we will be more nimble and we will -- we believe have more attractive and higher margins on the other side.
Naved Khan: Great. Thank you, Peter. Thank you, Eric.
Peter Kern: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Eric Sheridan with UBS. Please go ahead.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks so much. Maybe a long-term question on supply. Peter, you already mentioned sort of continuing to work with suppliers through this difficult period. What are some of the long-term goals about aligning your goals with supplier goals? And how do you see the supplier landscape evolving and what that might mean for the OTA business over the medium long-term? And then maybe a second part, historically, the OTAs have generally benefited from returns to normal from economic shocks as suppliers are looking to sort of fulfil yield and inventory? Do you expect that this time as well? Thanks so much.
Peter Kern: Yeah. Thanks, Eric. I will sort of take that in reverse order. I do think theres no reason to assume it wont be similar to historic events and that suppliers, broadly defined, we will look to platforms like ours to drive as much volume as they can to fill up their planes and hotels and everything else. Its hard to say how -- I think -- I dont really have a view yet on how that market will shape up or shape out. I think it clearly depends on how long the virus persists. How deep it all goes and how things come back. But I do think from our focus standpoint, theres a few areas that we are keen to collaborate better with our partners on. One is on the service end of things. Both Eric and I have talked about the opportunity to make the service side more seamless to improve the customer experience. Some of that is our own fault. Some of that has to do with how we interact with partners. And I think we have all learned a lot from that and can do better. So I hope we take the opportunity to do better. I also think this has been a time when we have been focused on how can we help our supply partners come back better from a product standpoint, from an offering standpoint, from an data and information standpoint to help our suppliers optimize their performance on our platforms and present themselves in the best way and take as much opportunity of the demand that is out there. So I think we have used this downtime to work with lots of supply side partners in terms of just simple basic things like you need better pictures, you dont have all your rates loaded. Theres issues like that. I think we will try to help everybody with that. I think we are going to build better tools to work better with our suppliers and I believe we will build better tools for the customer. We know our suppliers want to upsell more. We know they want to make sure theres clarity around right now their safety practices, but in the future, other things. And we have to do as good a job as we can do to show all that make the customer experience better and allow our suppliers to succeed more. So I think between our improvements in data, our improvement in supply side tools, our improvement in consumer-facing tools. And look, thats all work we have to do still, but we are pushing it hard. I think we will -- we hope to help the entire industry come back as quickly as possible.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Deepak Mathivanan with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Deepak Mathivanan: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. Two questions from us. So first, historically, Expedia has benefited being a full-service OTA. Now coming out of COVID-19 shock, as we think about travel rebounding first to a more local or even regional basis, do you think you are a little bit of a disadvantage from a market standpoint, from a consumer awareness and recognition areas? For certain Expedia brands, if we were in this, an intermediate phase, where air travel remains muted for a long time? And then I was going to ask second question about the retail versus B2B business. Some of the B2B assets have been strong growth opportunities for you in the more recent few years, like particularly the partner for Solutions area. And as we come out of COVID, do you expect to see a trajectory difference between retail and also the B2B assets? Thank you.
Peter Kern: Sure. Thank you, Deepak. Yeah. I think on your first question, I think Expedia, I would argue, probably hasnt benefited as much as it could have from being a full-service OTA. In fact, in the minds of many consumers, whether you are just looking for a hotel, they might look at Expedia bookings, hotels.com, Travelocity as all quite similar opportunities. So I think we are doing a lot of work to try to differentiate our brands. Thats why we brought our brand group together into one so that we could be more clear, in terms of the brand proposition, the offering, how we express it to the public, et cetera. But I think being in the full-service OTA business long-term is a great place to be. For sure, air travel maybe -- or international air travel maybe more challenged, domestic, a little less, whatever. But I think over the long-term, being really the only folks who took on full-service OTA as a real undertaking and have kept to it and theres a lot of harry stuff that goes on in providing all those services, give brand Expedia a strong consumer proposition in the market place, might it be a little slower, because the air part doesnt comeback, instead of maybe. But again, we are indifferent to which brand or which line of business can grow fast enough. We just want to power and allocate capital and resource and human resource the best we can to drive wherever the fastest pockets of growth are. So if thats in the near-term, if thats domestic or local or Vrbo, we are going to drive that and over the longer term -- but over the longer term, we believe each of our brands, at least as currently constructed, we will have an opportunity to succeed. And certainly, the full-service OTA model will have an opportunity to succeed. As far as the B2B business grows, it has particularly our partner services business has enjoyed quite strong growth over the last few years. One of the main sort of underpinnings of our strategy longer-term is getting our own teams away from the idea that retails somehow better than B2B, or one brand is more important than another brand, there a $1 worth of profit wherever it comes from is $1 worth of profit. So we see the B2B model as a great opportunity to fill in pockets of demand and reach pockets of demand that we are not reaching or cannot reach through our retail brands. So that might be geographically focused, that might be offline travel agents, thats all kinds of things frankly. And our B2B business, particularly that partner services business has been very strong. We think it will has tons of opportunity and can continue to be strong. There will no doubt just like in the lodging and other businesses, there may be some shakeouts, because business environment is tough and some of our partners said we may not make it. I mentioned that in the beginning. Theres a human cost to all this business disruption, but we believe longer-term that our B2B business has lots of legs, is an important leg in our stool and will continue to drive it with as much energy and urgency as we drive our retail business.
Deepak Mathivanan: Okay. Thats helpful. Thank you very much.
Peter Kern: Sure. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Post with Bank of America. Please go ahead, sir.
Justin Post: Great. Thank you. A couple of quick questions, maybe I will start with a high level strategy. When you made your comments about becoming more efficient, are you thinking about maybe Expedia being a little smaller market share, but much higher margins or do you think you can have it all where you kind of maintain your share, but also get the margins up? I know you are not going to give us a target, but how are you thinking about that? And then secondly, I am just wondering, when you look back to last year, how inventory-constrained were you, were there markets where you just didnt have any inventory availability? And going forward, do you think a lot of that would open? And would you see start seeing some really good deals or maybe unique deals on Expedia. Thank you.
Peter Kern: Yeah. Sure. I dont believe we have to give up share to be more profitable. We will be -- if we were just at the same volumes as before, we would be much more profitable today than we were a year ago. Now my hope is that as we have that benefit, as we get more benefit even than we have gotten so far and as we improve our marketing efficiencies, our product efficiencies, conversion and everything else, then in fact we will be able to continue to grow certainly at pace to maintain and hopefully grow share. And still be more relatively profitable. So I dont think its a trade-off. I think we have a lot of work to do on ourselves to get to the right place. But this isnt about, okay, everything has been optimized to the nth degree. And now we are just deciding if we would like to make an extra dollar and give up a dollar of revenue. I do not believe we are at that place or even close to that place. We have a ton of opportunity to be more efficient throughout the process, throughout the product, throughout our own internal operating features. And if we do all of that, that should give us more margin, more ability to invest in growth, whether that may not be performance marketing growth, that may be brand, there may be other tools, that maybe merchandising and all kinds of things, but I believe theres no reason we should assume that one has to give up growth to get greater margins. Now, can it be bumpy? Well, is it a straight-line from here to there? Probably not, but over the course of coming out of the virus and everything else, everything is going to be bumpy. So we believe we can play for both. As far as the inventory question goes, I dont think we were inventory-constrained last year. I would say, though, that theres always opportunity and gaps and this is as much an information question as it is just a cooperation question. So hotels very often may not have all their rates in every place. They may not have -- they may think they have a deal on offer, but its only in one place or they may have a deal on offer somewhere that gets into the wild and is offered in places they didnt intend it to. So I think our issue is not about not getting the inventory we want, but getting all of the opportunities that a supply side company has to win in our market. So if they have some rates for loyalty or something else where we are not participating, those are all opportunities. So I think we did not feel inventory-constrained as in we were bumping up against nothing to sell. I dont think that was the issue at all. I think its really just our supply partners participating in every way they could. And going forward, can they get more out of our platform, if we are giving them better information and they are responding more rapidly and everybody can take the best advantage of it that they can.
Justin Post: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Kevin Kopelman with Cowen. Please go ahead, sir.
Kevin Kopelman: Thanks a lot. I had a quick update, a quick follow-up question on working capital dynamics. Given May has been considerably better, has the working capital outflows stabilize at this point? And how do you see that playing out? Thanks.
Eric Hart: Yeah. I will take that one, Peter. So May is improved. We obviously arent going into details on where thats falling quite yet. But I would say we are still on the -- I would think about it still being in the zone, we are in survival COVID mode focused also on recovery. So we are still at a stage where we are still burning cash, if you will. Peter, anything that you would add to that?
Peter Kern: I mean, I -- ultimately, I am trying to get away from giving you specific numbers associated with it, but we are still off a very small base. We are seeing green shoots that ultimately gives us optimism for to be able to push into marketing and getting confidence that consumers are coming back. I think those are all great things, but we are not out of the woods yet.
Kevin Kopelman: Okay. Thanks. Thats very helpful.
Peter Kern: Yeah. I would just add, Kevin, when I say its considerably better, its obviously percentage improvement off the low number is considerably better, though not awesome. We would rather have double and triple-digit improvements. So its not better is better and we are glad to see the trends. The working capital issue, obviously, a lot to do with whats happening on cancellations, whats happening on the nature of the bookings and whether they are merchant or agency, et cetera, but -- and there have been some mix changes in the short-term. But I would say, its definitely improving. But for Eric and I and the company, we still are on fairly defensive posture as we watch it play out. And we are glad to have the incremental capital on the balance sheet to protect us.
Kevin Kopelman: Thanks.
Peter Kern: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Lloyd Walmsley with Deutsche Bank. Please go head.
Lloyd Walmsley: Thanks. Two questions, if I can. First trivago suggested on their call that they expect paid search marketing to be structurally less competitive going forward. So curious, beyond your company specific plans to increase ROI targets as kind of part of a broad brand consolidation. Do you think there can be structural performance marketing advantages coming out of this across the broader OTA space? And then secondly, you talked about already starting to see the benefit of the tech re-org. I was wondering if you can just give us some examples of some things you have been able to achieve, as we think about the ability overtime that continue to squeeze benefit out of that?
Peter Kern: Yeah. So on the first point, I guess I would say that, I certainly cant speak for the rest of the industry. It does seem logical to me that all of us in travel have been somewhat capital-constrained by the virus, in some cases highly capital-constrained. And therefore, the robust performance marketing auction environment we saw before may take a while to come back because people just dont have the money for direct marketing. I dont know if that will be the case, but I could imagine that be the case and perhaps that is what trivago is speaking to. Certainly, we will take our own discipline to it. We will do whats right for us, I am sure everybody will do the same. But there could be a difference in the number of players and the available capital to invest in direct relationships in the near-term for some of the other players and direct hotel and other kinds of players. So I guess that would be my perspective on that. In terms of the benefit of the platform, honestly, their myriad and many of them are in the weeds. But Eric talked about the work our team has done across optimizing for cloud, right? We honestly had barely done anything to optimize for cloud before. It just wasnt an urgent push. The greater urgency was to move to the cloud. And we took a huge opportunity run by our team in our platform to drive a level of clinical approach to cloud that we just havent had before. And that went across not just the platform but the entire enterprise. And the savings there are meaningful, really meaningful. So we are doing that across many things thats kind of on the cost side. I mentioned on the data side, we have had -- we probably have as much more data than virtually anybody in the travel industry, but we have never compiled it in one place. So we had bunches of different data storage thats put aside that, thats not terribly efficient. And it means everybody is rotating on different data and learning on different data, but all our algorithms, all our learnings, all our stuff was against pockets of data instead of all of the data. So when you get all the data together and you simplify it and you standardize it, now everybody can use it. The algorithms and machine learning tools can learn much faster and we can just apply it across a much broader breadth of our business more quickly. So I think we are going to see a lot of those. They are really hard to put numbers on. They are not like, hey, we took these people and these people and these people and put them together and we saved 3 people and we took out a tool. Those are -- thats simple math and there are some opportunities that exist like that weve obviously gotten after a lot of them. But I think that probably the bigger opportunity and the one thats hard to define is all of these unlocks that exist for us. And for a huge organization, we were complicated. We didnt make it easy on ourselves. We didnt make it easy to do things. And as I say, I believe theres great opportunity in the merchandising front, but we have work thats going on in earnest on our CRM tools. We have work thats going on around data. All those things have to happen to unlock that opportunity, but its there and its big and we are going to get after it.
Lloyd Walmsley: Thank you.
Peter Kern: Yeah. Hope that helps.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Ju with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Stephen Ju: Commentary in merchandising better to your customers, presumably this means better cross-selling of products and packaged tours and things of that nature. But I think some of your consumers are used to shopping on Expedia in a certain way. So do you think this requires any sort of retraining or awareness marketing efforts to reeducate folks? Or do you think you will be able to just take advantage of existing behavior? Thanks.
Peter Kern: Yeah. I would kind of break that -- Stephen, thank you for the question -- into two bits, which is, one is we can just be stronger at the blocking and tackling. We can be better in our core product. We can be better in helping people find their way through our product. We talked a little bit about our voice platform. We even think theres opportunity for -- and thats been principally used as a service tool, but we think there may be opportunities to use the underlying technology there to help people through the buying journey, help them make the right decision for them, potential help upsell and so forth. So this isnt about necessarily reinvention, I mean, our product should be as good as it can be, but this isnt about, hey, you are used to going on entering a date and doing this and now you are going to enter a dream and a place and something like, I dont think it has to be re-imagined. I think theres a lot of it thats just core functionality, creating great products that are really engaging with the customer and helpful for the customer and their journey. So I think thats, at its core, what are our consumer offerings will be online. Merchandising, I think, is not necessarily a separate piece, but another piece, which is once you really understand your customer, once you understand their journey, you know where they have been on your site, what they have done, what they have bought before, what their predilections are in the future, you have a real opportunity to I think, change the game for them and that goes everything from the -- letting them know about deals that are out there that might be interesting to them, whether thats through email, text, whatever, all the kinds of usual CRM tools that exist in the world and/or when they come to the site that, the sort is particular to them, or certain things are particular to them, because you understand them and they have logged in and you know what they have done before. Theres just lots of opportunity to do better there and I think we are at the beginning of our journey, frankly, for that, because until you could understand where the customer was and where they have been and have all the data in one place and everything else, it was really hard to do any of that. So we are maybe even before the early days. We do some of this, but its hard for us to do. Its not efficient for us to do and we have to get to a place where we can really do it at scale, kind of scale we operate at. And I think we can drive a lot of business separate and apart from the core. I go to Expedia and I type in my date and an airline. I think theres just a lot more out there for us.
Stephen Ju: Thank you.
Peter Kern: Yeah.
Operator: At this time, I would like to now hand the call back over to management for any closing remarks.
Peter Kern: Yeah. Well, thank you, everybody. I hope Eric and I covered as much territory as we could in an hour, obviously, again, I think our first quarter numbers dont mean a whole lot. And frankly, our numbers for a while wont mean a whole lot. We have got a lot of work to do to come out of this in a great place. We think its there for us, as you have heard and thats what we are focused on and we are honestly not trying to talk anybody into anything. We are just trying to focus on what we can affect and you will have to judge us by what we deliver. But in the meantime, we wish you all safe and happy and same time through the virus and be careful out there and wear a mask and we look forward to talking to you again. Thank you.
Eric Hart: Thank you, everyone.
Operator: This concludes todays call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-13 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Expedia Group Incorporated Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Michael Senno, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael Senno: Good afternoon, and welcome to Expedia Group's financial results conference call for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2019. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by our Chairman, Barry Diller; our Vice Chairman, Peter Kern; and acting CFO, Eric Hart. The following discussion, including responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, February 13, 2020 only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate, we are optimistic or confident that or similar statements. Please refer to today's earnings release and the Company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You'll find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the Company's Investor Relations website at ir.expediagroup.com. And I encourage you to periodically visit our IR website for other important content, including today's earnings release. Unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense and technology and content expense exclude stock-based compensation and depreciation expense. And all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2018. A reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA guidance to the closest corresponding GAAP measure is not provided because we are unable to predict the ultimate outcome of certain significant items without unreasonable effort. These items include, but are not limited to, foreign exchange, returns on investment spending, and acquisition-related or restructuring expenses. As such, the items that are excluded from our non-GAAP guidance are uncertain, depend on various factors, and could have a material impact on GAAP results for the guidance period. And with that, let me turn the call over to Barry.
Barry Diller: Thank you, Michael. I haven't been on one of these analyst calls, and I don't know, endless amount of times. So, I'm probably a bit raggie. But, I won't ask your indulgence. I'll just kind of plunge in. Since December 4, which is when we made the management change, Peter Kern and I, not a days gone by that we have not been engaged in Expedia business. And during this period of time, I mean, having been Chairman of Expedia for I don't know, I think almost 20 years or so, I thought I knew a lot about the Company. But, there's nothing like being on the ground, and we've been on the ground. And I've gotten to know the leaders of the businesses. And I'm definitely impressed. I believe in the future of Expedia as do my colleagues emphatically. We bought in the last couple of months $634 million of our stock, which is more than we've ever bought in an entire year. And we're not going to end that process now. But, what we've really done is we've taken as immediate steps as we can to refocus the Company on the day to day operations of -- and the execution for what the Company is engaged in every day. Last year, we spent probably nine months of the year on this massive reorganization. We're contemplating changing 350 I think of 500 jobs. It was vastly complicated process that froze us. Management at the same time didn't really have a clear path how to grow the Company. It's just kind of a top-down commandment to deliver x earnings. And that misled a lot of people into actions that kind of made sense for a quarter of a day and rest of the day, results of kind of this top-down pressure without understanding how to actually execute and simplify the business and give a clarity. Wed somewhat become a kind of consultant-led and wildly complex business. I said and I think sporadic and bloated. And I'll give you one anecdote that kind of rang in my ears that I'd heard, I don't know, I guess a month or half or two months ago, kind of out there in Seattle, that at Amazon -- whole concept of working life balance that at Amazon, it was all work and no life; and then Expedia was all life and no work. Now, that's an enormous exaggeration. We've got wonderful people in the business. This is not damning or employees. But for several years, we really lost clarity and discipline. So, we're changing a great deal. We're stopping this too large complexity. We're simplifying our strategy. We're stopping doing dumb things and starting to do what we think are good things. So, from doing that dumb to doing this smart, here are a few examples. From wasteful activities that weren't core to our business to actually driving sustained growth, from every brand working in silos around the world to one strategy on marketing, and geographies across all of our brands, from our reliance on Google and metasearch, to aggressively moving to grow our own direct business and have loyal relationships with our customers. So, separate teams and data that's dispersed all over the place to one platform, driving the entire Company. From an air business we basically took for granted, it's just another line of business to actually prioritizing it, energizing it as a true competitive differentiator, and from chasing all these grand goals, to focusing on day to day execution and making that customer experience great. So, we're in. We're energized, we're enthusiastic, and from now on, I hope I think, you'll see the effect of that and the excellent people of Expedia and what we can all accomplish together. So, with Mr. Karan, my colleague, my partner, in this process, is going to say a few things.
Peter Kern: Thanks, Barry, and good afternoon, everybody. Let me start by reiterating what Barry said. I think we've learned a ton in the last two months. We've seen some great people and great things and we've seen a fair bit of wasted energy and calories going at things that may not have promised, may not get us to the promised land, and certainly we have not learned and been agile enough and willing to say no to things, and willing to acknowledge failure when it happens. I think we are getting about the business of that and being highly disciplined. And I think that is working its way through the organization. And it's just frankly a terrific feeling. And again, to a few specifics, I want to start by just covering guidance a little more closely. There's sort of three components to how we built our way that is broad guidance approach. One is the core business, the base business if you will with the new disciplines we put in, with some attention to wasted marketing spend and a few other areas. We believe the core itself will accelerate as against 2019. It will be somewhat backend loaded but it will accelerate. On top of that, as we said in the press release, we are going after $300 million to $500 million of incremental savings and that is across the waterfront. We are looking at every part of the business, whether it be tech licenses and procurement to geography, et cetera. And we think there's a lot of money there. The timing of which, however is uncertain as it lays out through the course of this year. But, we do believe by the end of the year, we will be at that run rate level. On the other hand, of course, there is the coronavirus, a terrible thing for humanity and also a not very good thing for our business. And that is highly tough to predict. We have a pretty good line of sight on its impact on the first quarter. But, in terms of its duration, and the depth of its impact, it is hard to predict. So, taking all that uncertainty, running a number of scenarios on the virus based on historic patterns, we have generally taken all that together and said notwithstanding all those uncertainties, we believe and are confident we will get into the double digits. Of course, the virus becomes something completely unexpected, who knows, but we feel confident about that. Moving on to the operations and digging slightly deeper on a few of the things Barry was talking about. This idea of bringing our brands together and out of silos and collaborating in a whole new way is super important to the future success of our business. I would add to that that the best example and the cleanest example today is probably geographical rationalization. We have many brands all over the world, they are -- different ones are strong in different markets. We have historically taken a brand by brand approach. And now, we are taking a market by market approach. And we will push the best brands in every market and we may take some brands out of certain markets. And we will do whatever is smart, both on an operational basis and on a marketing basis to advance the greater good. On the marketing side, as an extension of that more generally, we are looking to rationalize some of our spend, we are looking at common measurement, common tools. These silos didn't always look at marketing the same way, they didn't always attack performance marketing with the same metrics. We are unifying those things so that we have better ways of measurement, and therefore better ways to collaborate and cooperate for the greatest return. On Vrbo, which I know everybody has followed closely, the trends remained fairly muted through the fourth quarter. The replatforming last year and the rebranding were definitely a distraction, slightly different than the distractions Barry more broadly talked about. But now, the team is keenly refocused on fundamentals driving core operations, and they too are beneficiary of our geographic rationalization as they have looked at where they had really inefficient spend to drive reach and geographies that did not make sense, and candidly now that we have the capacity to drive their supply through our other brands, we don't need to have Vrbo in every market in the same way because alternative accommodations can be provided to the customer base through our other brands. Expedia Partner Solutions continues to be a very strong story for us. We believe in the momentum there. We believe in the opportunity to fill in gaps in demand, whether they're geographical or just customer based. And we believe that EPS can add to that momentum by capitalizing on all the things we are now going to be able to do with our core technology platform. So, a lot of exciting stuff going on there. It will give EPS greater configurability and improved customer experience for their end business partners. We recently also brought Egencia together with EPS under a business we're calling Expedia Business Services. It's simply an effort on our part to further simplify, get advantages between businesses. These businesses are not the same. They don't have the same end users, but they have a number of common practices from which they can learn and help one another, including sales and customer management and a variety of other business to business techniques. Our platform is perhaps the biggest story in part with the blame this reorganization to get us to this place. But it is in many ways our biggest opportunity to share technology across our businesses and bringing together groups. Barry mentioned that data and AI group, I'm really excited about what's possible here. It's early days, but for the first time, we are bringing together all the data in the Company into one place where our best data scientists and AI and machine learning engineers can use that data to learn faster and build solutions across the Company that will help us improve the customer experience and obviously our monetization. The teams in our marketplace have also come together and are working to better match supply with demand, which we believe again enhances the customer experience and enhances monetization. We've also brought together a group that will monitor cloud and work on the cloud spend. I know this has been an interesting area for everybody as we have migrated to the cloud. It's been a bumpy and expensive road. We are getting to the end of that road. But importantly, we are getting to a point where we need to and have to optimize our cloud spend. And we now have a centralized group that will look across the Company and work to optimize that and get the most out of it and ultimately get the leverage we've all been working for there. But overall, the common themes here, as we said, are really about simplification, precision, really bringing an efficient operating line to everything we do. We will be aggressive about that and we plan to get a lot out of that as we push through the year. And we of course will keep you apprised as we get through that. Id just like to point out before I pass it on to Eric that the year will be noisy, not only because of the virus but because the first half of the year. We are getting the benefit or detriment of a slow back half of 2019. We are also spending into our strength areas where we believe we can drive growth in the back half of the year, rationalizing out some of our less efficient spend areas. So, there will be noise between revenue and EBITDA. But as Ive said and Barry said, we believe strongly we will be in double digit EBITDA territory this year. We're excited about the future. And I think we'll have terrific momentum going into 2021 if we can pull all this off. And with that, I will pass it on to Eric.
Eric Hart: Thanks, Peter. Before diving into our results, I want to lay out three main areas we're focused on in 2020.One, driving margin expansion and unit economics; two positioning the Company to move faster and invest back into key areas to accelerate top-line growth; and three, delivering attractive shareholder returns. Turning to the fourth quarter results. While gross looking and revenue trends moderated, disciplined marketing spend and overhead cost containment resulted in a 1% increase in adjusted EBITDA. And for the full year, we came in slightly ahead of our revised guidance range. The slowdown in gross bookings largely related to our air business as we started to comp the enterprise deals at Expedia Partner Solutions, which drives significant air volume for us. Lodging revenue grew 9% in Q4 on 11% stayed room night growth and a 2% decrease in revenue per room night, largely related to growth in our loyalty program. Domestic room night growth remained strong accelerating to 10% as we continue to gain share in the U.S. on the back of strong trends and direct channels. Cost of revenue was up 19% for the quarter. The majority of the growth related to the increase in cloud costs, inorganic impact of Bodybuilding.com and processing fees related to the ramp-up in Vrbos transition to the Expedia payment platform. By leveraging Expedias payment platform, we expect Vrbo to see improved conversion in unit economics as it benefits in several areas including fraud detection, order completion rates and flexibility on payment options. Also, as a reminder, Bodybuilding.com is essentially neutral to adjusted EBITDA. Free cash flow grew 46% for full year 2019. Normalized for Vrbos payments transition, free cash flow grew approximately in line with adjusted EBITDA to nearly $1.1 billion. Based on Vrbos current payment structure, the funds are held at a third-party and are restricted. On a normalized basis, we expect solid free cash flow growth. And going forward, with declining capital intensity and favorable working capital dynamics, we're well-positioned to drive healthy free cash flow growth going forward. On the balance sheet, in September, we placed $1.25 billion and 3.25% 10-year notes. We will use the portion of that to regain $750 million notes that mature in August 2020. Our prudent approach to managing the balance sheet is unchanged and we are committed to operating within our investment grade credit rating. In terms of capital allocation, given our conviction and Expedia's growth prospects, we repurchased 5.8 million shares for $634 million from early December through this month. We believe our stock remains undervalued and plan to use our free cash flow and cash position to continue to actively repurchasing shares. Now turning to 2020. As Peter mentioned, we will continue to drive efficiency on direct marketing spend. That will lead to some tradeoffs and modestly slower unit growth for most of the year. But, we believe focusing on higher quality unit growth and on driving our direct business will lead to a stronger, more sustainable top and bottom line growth over time. On cost of sales, we expect growth to remain elevated the next few quarters due to same factors we saw in Q4. Our cost of sales outlook also incorporates higher digital service taxes as we currently expect legislation to take effect in additional countries this year. This remains a dynamic issue and we are closely monitoring developments. In terms of the quarterly phasing, it will take time to work through the carryover effects from the trends of the past two quarters. So, we do expect the majority of our profit growth to come in the second half of 2020. Now, looking at Q1 specifically, we expect adjusted EBITDA to be down substantially. Vrbo losses will be significantly higher due to the usual seasonal trends as we invest to drive growth that will come later in the year. Cloud costs continue to ramp and will have some carryover effect from the operational headwinds that we experienced late in 2019. Each of these is magnified in the first quarter as a reminder, given our seasonally low adjusted EBITDA base. In addition, the coronavirus outbreak is adding further pressure on the top and bottom line in Q1. Based on the current trends, we expect approximately $30 million to $40 million impact to adjusted EBITDA in Q1, and we expect some impact beyond Q1 and 2020 as well. But, the exact amount will depend on how long it takes for travel trends to normalize. Looking below the line, we started to recognize depreciation related to our new headquarters in Q4 and forecast approximately $30 million of incremental depreciation related to the building for the full year in 2020, which will account for the majority of our depreciation growth this year. In closing, we are excited, we are executing on a clear formula that we believe can create significant value, positioning the Company for consistent healthy revenue growth with leverage down the P&L to drive even faster profit growth. And with strong cash conversion, we expect to generate substantial free cash flow to fund capital returns through shareholder repurchases and our dividend. We believe executing that formula will create significant shareholder value over time. Operator, we're ready for our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Eric Sheridan of UBS. 
Eric Sheridan: Thanks so much for taking the question. Maybe one big picture and one modeling question if I can. Barry, Peter, I want to know, maybe we can get a little more granularity on your vision where online travel is going over the next couple of years. And then, peeling that back to how you're thinking about the exposure to those big trends and whether Expedia has the right assets or not, how should we think about aligning the assets within Expedia against your longer term vision for online travels going? And then, on the model, with the $300 million to $500 million of cost savings, is there a way to think through what that might mean on a division by division basis or where you see the biggest areas where you could gain leverage in your model year-on-year from cost cutting? Thanks so much.
Barry Diller: Thanks. Well, online travel started 20 some odd years ago. That was the easiest area to colonize when the internet came along. There's no indication that it is going to do anything but continue to gain adoption. There's been a lot of adoption, it will continue to grow. There is nothing in its path. There are existential issues that have been raised. Of course, one is Google and the other I just heard the other day is an existential issue, which is that we're losing share to hotels. I'll start with hotels first. Because this was -- I think it was an analyst who's -- Terry, I think hes been consistently wrong about. Actually if you paid attention to him, my other IAC, you would have given up, I don't know, enormous billions of dollars. But anyway, I won't do that. Its pointless. The point is that he said that hotels were gaining strength, gaining share et cetera. So, here are the stats. For the business -- whole business, the OTA share of online hotel bookings has basically remained steady at about 38%, I don't know for many, many years. But the OTAs continue to gain share in the overall market as this shift continues to go online. For instance, from 2015 its gone from 17% to 19%. And at Expedia, our total room rights continue to grow, 11.2% in 19 versus 10.5%. So, I would say, yes, there are some direct channels that people like to use. But overwhelmingly, people use online agents to book hotels and are going to continue to do so. As far as Google is concerned, it's a much bigger topic, and I've been quite vocal about this that Google has certainly monopoly share all over the world. And it does what monopoly shares get you to do, which is extend its business in every direction they can. Now, so long as they don't use unfair practices, I got no problem with that. But, when they compete against their advertisers, and we are one of their largest advertiser, we and Booking.com are within their top five of advertisers, they're using their tactics to squeeze these entities that are delivering real service is among many things, anti-social. I mean, I think it's bad practice. I think, the government, which is getting engaged in this, whether it's at the state level or the federal level, which I absolutely believe in the next period, I don't think I ask anybody to come and save us from our mistakes. And by the way, we've made our own mistakes in our SEO practices, which we are fast correcting. I told the senior management of Google exactly what we feel about this and have implored upon them to basically stop actually taking away the profits from businesses that are probably one of their main contributors to their advertising revenue. And I don't know whether that'll have much effect, but I've been very straightforward about it. And I think that there will be -- look, when businesses get to this size, they absolutely have to have regulation, sensible regulation. I'm not talking about breakups. I'm not talking about any crazy stuff. But I do believe that will happen. But, we are making our own efforts. We're driving direct relationships with consumers. Our download apps, we have about 400 million of them and their growth, like [indiscernible] is actually up 40% this year. We're going to drive more downloads, we're going to do everything we can to diversify our traffic to more direct arenas. We also have an EPS, our business-to-business business, which does not depend upon Google, and that's growing terrifically. And we're going to push that too. So, sorry. I went on a bit. But, as I said, I haven't done this in a while. Peter, do you want to say anything?
Peter Kern: Yes. I would just add to that a couple of things. One, around the question of cost savings by division, that's something we really can't identify yet and won't identify. There's a lot of shared costs and a lot of -- we're doing more to make the businesses collaborate. So, I think it's really not helpful, even for you, I think, long-term to think of it on a by division basis. I think we're looking across shared opportunities, shared inefficiencies, and where we can get out of things that don't make sense and eliminate friction. So, I think, it's something we're looking for anywhere it exists. And it's not a division by division question. I think, also just to add to Barry's point at the end about EPS, and you asked whether we have the right assets to compete. I think, actually, we have terrific assets to compete. We've got brands that are strong in certain places and not in others, we've got -- and vice versa. We've got to do a better job of differentiating our brands and the customer proposition that our brands provide. But, we have a lot of ways to serve a lot of different demand. And we're using EPS to fill in the gaps and serve geographies and certain demand pools that we can't get at directly. So, I think we have a very attractive way to go eat as much gross bookings as they are out there in the world. And that's what we're going to try to do as efficiently as we can.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mark Mahaney of RBC.
Mark Mahaney: Okay. Thank you. Barry, it's nice to have you back on the call. I think, the question I want to focus on is.
Barry Diller: Its not going to go on that long.
Mark Mahaney: I think, I want to ask you about is, high level, the growth in the lodging business between alternative accommodations and Vrbo and the growth in core, kind of hotel industry. As you've kind of -- looking at it from a 30,000-foot level for a while and you're now getting back into the weeds. Where you think the growth is most interesting for the industry and for Expedia in particular and how confident are you that if -- it does seem from where we sit that the growth is superior in alternative accommodations. Is Vrbo where you need it to be? It seems like that youve gone through like a branding strategy part A, branding strategy part B, over the last two years. Is Vrbo where you need it to be in terms of operations, in terms of marketing, et cetera, in order to attack that alternative accommodations market? Thanks Berry.
Barry Diller: No, Vrbo is not where it needs to be. But, it is a lot different than it was, I'd say a few months ago. It has a new leader. We have confidence in, and he's also on the ground. And look, what happened to Vrbo is it was -- I think all of you know, a collection of a bunch of disparate businesses brands all over the world, basically that were bought together and put under the name of -- dumb name called HomeAway and -- which meant nothing to no one. We did have one business called Vrbo that did mean something to people and so -- called the VRBO, which weve tried and I think are at the very beginning of branding Vrbo. And whether -- I don't know if we went too fast actually or too slow on this, but we did this absolute change day one, the day two, from everything to then one thing Vrbo. That caused us to lose a ton of SEO traffic. Given the trends in SEO anyway, that was hardly -- it was not well executed. So, we've been now cleaning all of that up. And I think it's -- I don't know, somebody here, one of my colleagues may comment on the progress of that to-date. But, look, Vrbo is in a great actually somewhat standalone category. Its not kind of rooms that are in the attic that people rent you and stand next to you while you go to the bathroom. It is basically accommodations, family of homes, large apartments, things like that in resort areas and other places. It's got great product. We just need to market it better than we have. But, it's got -- I think it's go -- certainly, it's got large opportunity for us. And we've also just plugged it into Expedia recently. That took six months of somewhat disarray. But now all of Vrbo I think is available on Expedia. Is that true or
Peter Kern: Almost all.
Barry Diller: And -- but that was a difficult thing. As far as the category, look, I'm very impressed with what Airbnb has done over time. I wouldn't call it a revolution, but it has opened up. Not only has it opened up inventory that didn't exist, but it's also brought people into traveling that couldn't afford it before or didn't want to mess with big stiff hotels and also people wanted a different experience, older people who were lonely and didn't want to go to some cold place. It's not a great job. But basically -- but by the way, you put its inventory as against the hotel inventory, they have kind of different audience. I'm not -- I don't -- I'm not a big believer that they are going to merge. So, I think there's a very healthy standard hotel business. And there's going to be this business, we're participants in it. So, that's as much as I got to say about that.
Mark Mahaney: Okay. Thank you, Berry.
Barry Diller: You're welcome, Mark.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Justin Post, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post: Thank you. Berry, maybe you can give us an update on CEO outlook and how you're thinking about that role going forward. And then, secondly, I thought it was interesting in your prepared remarks talk about improved revenue growth. Is that just as you take out the fact this year, easier comps next year, or do you see some real drivers for improvement in revenue growth, as you look out to the second half of next year? Thank you.
Barry Diller: Okay. We're not doing a CEO search. I don't know that well ever do an actual search. I'm not a big believer in searches. I think, they usually turn off the usual and obvious suspects. And when you only know somebody from interviewing and recommendations, I figure failure rate is usually certainly above 50% in my experience, other people's for sure. Anyway, we're not doing that. I'll say this. First of all, Peter and I are completely engaged. We are operating the Company, we are responsible for the Company, and we are -- definitely, it is our responsibility. That is not to say that during the calendar year 20, a chief executive will emerge from this process. But right now, look, time will tell. But, what happened is amazingly, once we had to make this management change -- unfortunate management change, and I have said before, it was not to demean Mark Okerstrom or CFO, but it really was a real difference in what we actually thought. And that happens. So, there's no damning here. But from that moment, I got incredibly energized about this because I actually began, other than superficially, as a Chairman, I began to really understand the levers of this business and what the opportunities were and what the condition of the Company was that I bought relatively quickly we could turn. So, were at it. And it's not going to last beyond 20. But, that's where we are for now. As far as drivers for revenue growth, Mr. Kern.
Peter Kern: Sure. So, Justin, I think, the way we look at the revenue drivers, it's not a comp issue. We want to drive healthy -- as much healthy revenue growth as we can find. In the near term, we are in a period where we are coming off of weaker back half of '19. So, that's a dulling effect. And we are being very clinical about, as I mentioned, geographies and marketing spend and trying to get rid of empty calories. It's not a bad thing to drive performance marketing and to drive throughput when you're good at getting repeat customers and you're good at turning them into being direct customers. But, when you're not as good as you could be, it's not the most efficient use of capital. So, we want to get better at all of those things. And so, in the near-term, I think you'll see some pressure on the top-line from those movements, which we think are very healthy. But, out of that we believe we will find much better ways to invest our capital geographically by brand. We think we will do a better job of repeat business and direct customer experience because we will be better at the customer experience side of the business. We have huge leverage that we can't even really calculate that will come out of the platform technology group, whether it be the data and AI side, the management and yield side, the cloud. There's just a number of places where we can just do a lot better. And so, we believe all of those things will drive conversion, will drive better customer experience, will drive stickier customer relationships, will allow us to invest more aggressively, and all of those things will accelerate revenue going forward.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Justin Patterson of Raymond James.
Justin Patterson: Great. Thank you very much. Barry, you called out the consumer experience in your initial remarks, that and loyalty. What are the key things you need to do to get right, improve the customer experience and build loyalty?
Barry Diller: Look, one of the things I think we suffered from is -- to a degree, we lost attention of the product itself, what the consumers get, what do they see, how do they interact with it, what is the user experience, et cetera, et cetera? How do we not only ease their path to travel, but how do we really add value? And so, one of the things that has come out of this is now an absolute focus on what that experience is, that's where a lot of the organization and investment is going to come from. By the way, its investment in focus and time; it's not investment really in cost. But making -- look, OTAs have not had in my opinion, enough differentiation, and differentiation meaning that Expedia, which has the benefit to only one that's got the benefit, I mean God knows who poured money into it. It has the benefit of being able to get you hotels, air, cars, experiences, anything you need in travel is in one place at Expedia. It is not -- certainly, it has not been as efficient as Booking.com and hotels, particularly in Western Europe, and when the United States has been fine. But, that's not a solitary diet. And that's fine for some people. But, if you come to Expedia increasingly, you're going to have a product that is actually going to not only ease the process but can add value to the process. Because we're the only ones who can really package. We're the only ones who can officially put things together and magically offer people a lower price and probably a better experience. So, it's -- anyway, I think, I kind of said it. On loyalty, Peter will talk about it.
Peter Kern: Okay. I'll talk about loyalty, but I was going to add that -- no, that's okay. I would say that the industry suffered or benefited from a high degree of commercialization around everything they did. It was an aggressive, how can we turn a customer into a consumer into a buying hotel room. And that goes for all OTAs. And I think ironically, to tie a few of these questions together, that Google's pressure and the pressure on performance marketing puts the pressure back on all of us to make it really about the consumer experience. You can't just cash your ticket every time and have the consumer feel like they're having a great experience and they have a reason to come back. So, it's on us to do. There is a lot of work streams going on against that. It covers a lot of activities, including what you serve up to the customer and how well you match content and supply with them, all the way through to how you take care of customer service calls and everything else. So, we are on that path and we are aggressively focused on that. And we may have Google and the rest to thank for driving us there. But, we should have been there and we will be there. As for loyalty, it's an important part of our consumer proposition from Hotels.com. Again, we are going to strive to better differentiate our brands. Berry took you through the end to end opportunity that brand Expedia offers, Hotels.com is another thing, Vrbo again another thing. So, we are going to differentiate those and drive to the biggest pools of demand, we can take them all, and hopefully they will work symbiotically and to the greater benefit.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Brian Nowak of Morgan Stanley. 
Brian Nowak: Berry, it's great to hear your energy. I guess, I wanted to sort of ask about your view over the next two to three years for the Company. So, understanding that the near term, focusing more on higher quality room night growth, rationalizing some ad spend, really focusing on direct, pressure near term room nights. But, talk to us about how you think about the keys to really driving sustained, faster room night growth in 21, 22 and beyond as you sort of get through the important steps you're going to take in 2020.Thanks.
Barry Diller: Its continued execution and focus and not resting, not being very patient. That is one of the things that we're going to have to imbue in this organization. And, again, look, I think the outlook is good. It's got some challenges. I'm less worried now, having gotten into it about these existential challenges than I was before I got into it. Those are what they are, but Expedia has -- and with its brands, with differentiation with -- by the way increased, hopefully more interesting forms of loyalty, rewards and things like that. Expedia is going to be able to which I think it's going to be able to do as against its competitors. I think, we're going to be able to build up loyalty. The whole concept of all of this was you paid a lot for your first experience with an OTA with what you did in advertising but you were hoping for the second.  From now on, it's going to be the second, third and fourth for us because what we're -- because all we're -- really I would say driving us down to is this kind of pragmatic focus on -- basically the verities, which is what is the experience, we are -- we have chased the tail. The tail was pretty good to start off. I want to travel, started off with the boom because it was obvious, better experience, kind of raw. But we have simply chased it with -- look, working on conversion, working on all those things is good. But the reason that I think 2, 3, 5, 10 years from today, Expedia can continue to actually beat its competition is because of what we're focusing on now. That will give us -- we won't have to do -- we wont have to look for other pools. There's enough there for us, if we just get back to pragmatic focus on streamlining our business, simplifying our business. As I said before, we were bloated organization. I mean, not because people were lazy or whatever. But over the years, just chasing the tail of growth and all that we're just adding people and people and complexity and all that stuff until, frankly, very few people figure out what the hell we were supposed to do during the day. So simplifying that has a great byproduct of cutting our costs. Our costs were too high and our costs are going to come down beyond this first level of $300 million to $500 million over the future, because we are going to simplify. Simplifying lets us pay attention. If we pay attention, given the opportunity, I worried about two or three years.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Deepak Mathivanan of Barclays.
Deepak Mathivanan: Thanks for taking the questions. So, two quick ones from us. First, can you elaborate on the cost savings? You noted that the expected cost savings to reach $300 million, $500 million run rate. Should we assume this progression to be relatively linear? Just trying to understand how much is factored in the low-double-digit guide? And then, the second question about coronavirus. Is the impact currently largely contained to Asia Pacific or is there demand softness in other markets as well? Thank you.
Barry Diller: I'm just going to spout off something here on the virus thing. And I think it's going much beyond that. I think, people are worried. I think, people are just saying -- I mean, they are all over the place. New York City people are in buses and subways with masks on. I think, theres been one case reported in New York. So, I think, this is a damper. How far this goes? I mean, a week ago, it was supposed to kind of be lessening and yesterday, again, shot up in terms of infected cases and I guess deaths. I mean, do we have a pandemic? I don't know. I have to believe that now the activism of every country in the world on this is going to contain it quickly. Now, by the way, that's the statement with no facts and no knowledge, so you can all toss it. But we don't truly know the extent of it. And it is going beyond Asia and it will go beyond Asia.
Peter Kern: Yes. And Deepak, this is Peter. I would just -- to your question of the timing and how to think about the expenses, I'm afraid we're not going to give you much satisfaction here. This is a work in progress across literally the entire Company, and all pockets of spend and all activities. And we are making progress on many, many fronts, but some will take time to germinate and some will be sooner. And, you'll know as soon as we know, but we can't give you much color except to say obviously as we take these things out and they stack up, they obviously get better as the quarters, they should. We should get more savings as the quarters go by. But how much and how volatile that number is, it's still pretty early to tell. So, we're committed to getting through it in an orderly fashion in a way that helps the business and doesn't break something new. And we believe we can get through the lion's share of that by the end of the year and be kind of at our full run rate. But again, it's across so many things that it would be impossible to give you a schedule of that.
Barry Diller: I'll just add one more thing because I think it should be said, which is this process of simplifying our business and lowering our costs has an effect obviously on people. We have been in the process of going through this over the last at least months. I've never seen a process like this. I keep saying it to my colleagues that are involved, how impressed I am with the thoughtfulness, the deliberations that go on in every part. So, this is not just saying, okay, there's one little piece of the Company. Every one of our senior leaders has participated in this. And in a way I almost feel like we should publish the process we've gone through because I've never -- look, I have been around and I have been doing a lot of these processes. I've never seen one as thoughtfully and decently done as this. And the plan for communications is I mean, I'm sure we'll make mistakes here or there, but it's just impressive. Anyway.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Lloyd Walmsley of Deutsche Bank. 
ChrisKuntarich: Hi. Thanks. This is Chris on for Lloyd. How are you guys thinking about driving app downloads from here? It seems like you guys have done some good download growth. But, should we be thinking about a rebuild of the app or spending to drive app downloads or expanding a loyalty program? Just any color you can share beyond what you guys have shared so far? Thanks. 
Peter Kern: Yes. Thanks for the question, Lloyd. I think, the specifics are taking place on many fronts. This isn't a rebuild or anything else. In fact, as you probably know, as well as Barry and I, the Company has been moving to PWA to drive mobile abilities across our brands. That translation has taken time. There's been some bumps in the road. But now, our biggest brands are there and -- or nearly there. And I think that's a big opportunity for us to improve on that app experience. In fact, the app growth and app conversion has been showing signs of being better than the rest of the business. I attribute some of that to PWA and any the experimentation people can do. We obviously -- once we have it nailed, we've got to push into it, push into it with marketing and push into it with getting our consumers there more, getting into sign in more and all of those things. So, it's across a whole waterfront. I think, the biggest sea change is just our push to the Company that this has to be our focus and this has to be where we want to move people. We need to get them out of refishing for them in the performance channels and into having real relationships with us. So, it's a holistic kind of approach. But it's taking place on the marketing side, on the product side, on the innovation side and everything else. And so, I think, we're going to push across all those things.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Kevin Kopelman of Cowen and Company.
Kevin Kopelman: So, I have a question on SEO. Can you give us a better sense of what happened to SEO in the third quarter, because externally looking into revenue and ad trends, it's really hard to tell how big of an impact that was and what changed there? And on that, how big ballpark is Expedia's exposure to SEO? Thanks.
Peter Kern: This is Peter. I'll take the end of that, Kevin, which is we don't really disclose how big SEO is and don't intend to. But, it's still a significant part of the business and a good part of the business. We've been belaboring this. But clearly as we move to direct relationships and direct traffic with our customers, that is the single best way we can offset any declines that come from SEO. In terms of what happened in the third quarter, I think it was a compounding of a number of tactical things that Google did and we did not respond well to. Again, Barry mentioned in the very beginning, we were caught up in a rather large undertaking in terms of reorganization, and that took people's eyes off the ball and our view. And we could have done better, we should have done better, we will do better. There were also some changes to auction -- some auction dynamics in meta that we did not respond particularly well to. So, there are number of things that were going on that we were not really on top of. SEO's one of them. But, I think as you think about it, we expect SEO to be a continued headwind. Google, until someone stops them, is not going to stop doing what they've been doing. We've seen signs, as early -- as recently as last week, of some changes that may have impact. And hopefully they will think better of it and create a fairer marketplace. But, we can only control what we can. We're working really hard to offset those headwinds in pure SEO activity, as well as do everything we can around the rest of the business to make up for whatever we give up in SEO.
Barry Diller: The SEO is not going to kill us. And SEO is not the future of our business. The trends have been -- these trends began seven or eight years ago. We should have been more alert obviously to the continued consequence of this session. As I said, I don't think we're going to be saved by some by some bill, government bill. I absolutely believe there will be regulation. But, we are doing all the things that we intend to do to deemphasize it. Its still a part, it's not a huge part, but it is a part of our business, but it isnt the future.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from
Barry Diller: So, you can go ahead. What do you want to add?
Kevin Kopelman: I wanted to ask -- I appreciate that, Barry. I just wanted to ask a follow-up on coronavirus. Everyone's asking us about it. What are you seeing? Obviously you can't predict it. But what are you seeing quarter to date in the Asia Pacific business? And I appreciate the EBITDA guidance is very helpful but just in terms of how much
Barry Diller: Very good. Eric Hart is going to respond.
Eric Hart: Yes. Hi. This is Eric Hart. So, if you think about how it has affected the business over time, it started in mainland China domestic, then inbound-outbound, then sort of going through APAC, and then, as we believe that it is impacting other areas of the business. We have broken down as best we can looking at the fundamental underlying drivers for it -- and of the business. And what we see is in APAC itself upwards of 50% plus and obviously higher that as you get closer to in APAC to China that that can get very much north of that. But, then, when you try to control for APAC, and you look at North America and EMEA, it does appear that there is weakening of the business as well in those areas of the business. So overall, concentration, APAC obviously is an issue for us. We do see that -- we believe that is having some impact in other areas of the world as well. And in the 30 to 40 is what we're able to estimate, based on the different scenarios
Barry Diller: $30 million to $40 million. 
Eric Hart: $30 million to $40 million.
Barry Diller: Yes. Listen, it truly is an unknown. I know everybody's asking about it. Look, you've got to believe it's going to be contained. If it's not contained, by the way, the entire world's going to shut down. So, all you can do is every day you read the news and react to it. I think, anybody as an investor, unless you think this is going to be the end of life as we know it, who cares? Believe me, I don't mean who cares a lot of people are going to get sick and whatever. But really, this is an exogenous list events, will end. And frankly, no one should count it. All we're trying to do is separate what we absolutely believe is the effect of the virus from our ongoing business, so we can prepare ourselves and make that ongoing business as strong as possible when this thing is over.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Jed Kelly of Oppenheimer. 
Jed Kelly: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Back to Vrbo. It's primarily domestic and it seems like you're rationalizing your marketing outside the U.S. So, does that have the most opportunity this year to inflict back to growth? And then, I have another question. As you think of driving more differentiation, more loyalty, do you ever think about getting more-closer to the inventory, and taking more inventory risk?
Barry Diller: So, I think I'll start at the top there. I think Vrbo, yes, we're rationalizing some international spend. But, that is by no means all international spend and ambition. And as I mentioned, now that Vrbo inventory is available on brand Expedia and actually went live partially in Hotels.com for the first time a few days ago, we have many ways to get that inventory into other markets that may be way more efficient than trying to build a brand in a place where we have no brand recognition. So, there's lots of ways to look at that. I don't think we believe Vrbo is on a path to any greater inflection than any other of our businesses. All the businesses are working hard. And there's a lot of -- various drivers. So, I wouldn't think of it that way. But, we do believe Vrbo will grow EBITDA and get back to growing top-line, again as we lean into our stronger opportunities in the beginning of this year. And no, inventory risk, no, not right now. We got plenty of other things to do before we get to figuring out whether we're going to take inventory risk.
Michael Senno: Operator, we'll take our last question.
Operator: Sir, we have no further questions in queue.
Barry Diller: Thank you, all. Actually, Ive said before, I really am enjoying this process, and I think so too is Mr. Kern. And I hope many of our executives are enjoying that too. But, nevertheless, we'll plow through it on. In any event, thank you for being with us. And we'll talk to you in a few months and update you with our progress. Good day.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-06 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Welcome to the Expedia Group Inc. Q3 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Michael Senno, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael Senno: Good afternoon, and welcome to Expedia Group's Financial Results Conference Call for the Third Quarter Ended September 30, 2019. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by Mark Okerstrom, Expedia Group's CEO and President; and Alan Pickerill, our CFO. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, November 6, 2019 only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate, we are optimistic or confident that or similar statements. Please refer to today's earnings release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You will find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the company's Investor Relations website at ir.expediagroup.com. And I encourage you to periodically visit our IR website for other important content, including today's earnings release.. Unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense and technology and content expense excludes stock-based compensation and depreciation expense. And all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2018. A reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA guidance to the closest corresponding GAAP measure is not provided because we are unable to predict the ultimate outcome of certain significant items without unreasonable efforts. These items include, but are not limited to, foreign exchange, returns on investment spending and acquisition-related or restructuring expenses. As such, the items that are excluded from our non-GAAP guidance are uncertain, depend on various factors and could have a material impact on GAAP results for the guidance period. And with that, let me turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Okerstrom: Thanks, Michael. Although our room night growth wasn't a healthy range in Q3, adjusted EBITDA was lower than we expected, primarily due to a few key factors. We saw incremental weakness in SEO volumes, and a related shift to high-cost marketing channels. We saw lower average daily rates than we expected, which weighed on our lodging results and profit was softer than expected at Trivago and Vrbo. The majority of the ADR impact was in North America, which slowed more than we anticipated, while ADRs also came in light in Asia due to negative macro and geopolitical events. We expect the softer local currency ADR environment and makeshift to high cost marketing channels to continue to have an impact over at least the next few quarters. As discussed on their call yesterday, Trivago saw volatility in their market place related to new advertiser features they introduced, that contributed to lower than expected revenue and a significant year-over-year decline in Q3 adjusted EBITDA. Gross booking and room night trends at Vrbo also remain muted, and we incurred additional costs related to our payment processing migration. As a result, we have reduced our 2019 profit expectations for both Trivago and Vrbo. Given our third quarter results, and the expectation for continued impact from the factors we experienced in Q3, we are lowering our full year 2019 guidance for adjusted EBITDA growth to 5% to 8%. Over the past several months, we've been in the process of realigning teams across the organization, and overtime we expect these changes to improve our operational efficiency and effectiveness. That said, with many people focused on that effort, it did likely impact our ability to anticipate, and react to the dynamics we saw during the quarter. In terms of the changes we've made, we've brought several customer facing functions closer together to help us collaborate more effectively and scale our international expansion efforts. We brought supplier facing teams closer together to better serve our travel partners and realigned many of our tech and product teams to drive increased collaboration, innovation and scale. These changes position us to draw better top and bottom line growth over the long term, and they will take time to realize the full benefits of this effort, the teams are eager to begin driving improvements. In spite of the disappointing results, we saw several positives in the quarter. Volume trends in Q3 were solved as we delivered an 11% increase in total stayed room nights, led by healthy 12% room night growth in our Core OTA segments. Domestic room night growth accelerated in Core OTA, and we continue to gain share in the U.S. Our execution on supply acquisition remained solid as we added again over 40,000 properties to our core lodging platform in Q3. We also increased the number of integrated Vrbo listings to over 650,000 and in total, we ended the quarter with more than 1.4 million listings on our core lodging platform. We are seeing progress on our initiatives to increase customer centricity and local relevancy, which are aimed at building customer loyalty and increasing our direct business. In total, the direct channels at our OTA brands are growing faster than the overall business, but by strong growth and mobile app. Expedia Partner Solutions continues to deliver solid results, and is also growing room nights ahead of the overall business. A recent agreement to become Marriott's exclusive optimized wholesale distributor is a great example of the power of our platform and technological capabilities, and we are seeing a long run way of opportunity at our partners solution business going forward. And Egencia had healthy quarter of new client signings, and delivered double-digit room night growth as benefits from increasing hotel attach rates. Although we were disappointed with our results in the third quarter, we understand the near term challenges and are actively working to navigate them. At the same time we are encouraged with our progress in many areas and are optimistic that we can further build on those trends as we execute on our key strategic themes, being customer centric, being locally relevant on a global basis and unlocking the full power of our global platform. Despite near term pressures, we remain confident that this strategy will position Expedia Group to capitalize on the significant opportunity ahead of us, leading to healthy growth and attractive returns over the long term. With that, Ill turn it over to Alan.
Alan Pickerill: Thanks, Mark. In Q3, we increased both gross bookings and revenue 9%. Total lodging revenue growth was 11% in line with state room night growth, but given the factors Mark discussed, in addition to the headwinds we previously mentioned for the quarter, our adjusted EBITDA was flat in Q3. At Vrbo, gross bookings increased 5% in the quarter, revenue was up a solid 14% driven by approximately 20% growth in transactional revenue, which represented more than 90% of Vrbo's revenue for the first time. Revenue growth was partly offset by continued investments in both performance and brand marketing to support the Vrbo brand and higher payment processing cost as Vrbo accelerated the shift to Expedia's Group payment platform.  As a result, adjusted EBITDA for Vrbo increased just 3% in the quarter. We expect the similar dynamic in Q4 with higher marketing investments as we head into the peak booking season. And additional cost related to payment processing, putting pressure on adjusted EBITDA. Total advertising and media revenue grew 3% year-over-year and was up 6% excluding the impact of foreign currency. Similar to the past few quarters, revenue declines at Trivago were more than offset by strong 18% growth at our media solutions business. Looking ahead, we see a nice runway of growth for media solutions as we increasingly leverage the reach of our global platform. Air revenue declined 3% in Q3 with lower revenue per ticket partly offset by solid growth in ticket sold. Revenue per ticket was down 10% largely reflecting a reclassification of certain fees to other revenue, in addition to shift in product mix and FX headwinds. That was partly offset by 8% ticket volume growth as we continued to benefit from new enterprise partnerships at Expedia Partner Solutions. Turning to expenses, cost of revenue grew 14%. Cloud expenses contributed 500 basis points to growth as we migrate more compute to the cloud. The inorganic addition of bodybuilding.com, which we acquired in the Liberty transaction added over 400 basis points to growth, although it did not have a meaningful impact on adjusted EBITDA in Q3. In addition, the French digital services tax contributed nearly 300 basis points to cost of revenue growth as we recognize the full year-to-date amount since the tax was retroactive to the beginning of the year. Because of the addition of bodybuilding.com and the digital services tax, we now expect cost of revenue to grow faster than revenue for the full year. It's worth noting that the global tax environment is rapidly evolving, and several other countries are currently considering adding transaction level taxes. It's still too early to know the specific implications, but we are continuing to closely monitor these developments.  Total selling and marketing expense grew 11% with direct selling and marketing up 14%. The increase in direct selling and marketing was due to partner commissions at Expedia Partner Solutions related to growth in that business, and higher investments in both brand and performance marketing in part, because of the shift in the high cost marketing channels we mentioned earlier. Indirect selling in marketing declined 5%, reflecting a reclassification of certain expenses to technology and content, and lower people related cost along with declines at Trivago. Technology and content cost growth was essentially in line with revenue for the quarter. Cloud expenses contributed approximately 250 basis points to growth. We continue to expect technology and content expenses to deleverage for the full year. In terms of our cloud migration, we continue to progress as planned. We are on track to largely complete the lodging stack by the end of this year, and expect to be positioned to complete the air migration next year as well as push further on our other products and back-end systems. We expect 2019 cloud costs to come in slightly lower than $250 million. We are still completing the planning for 2020, but based on what we know at this point we anticipate cloud expenses to be in the neighborhood of $350 million next year. General and administrative expenses increased 8% year-over-year largely due to higher professional fees and approximately 150 basis points of inorganic impact from bodybuilding.com.  Looking below the line, depreciation expense growth remains muted, increasing just 3% as we continue to benefit from the lower data center CapEx over the past few years. Adjusted net interest expense decreased year-over-year or adjusted tax rate increased to 25% in Q3, which resulted in adjusted EPS declining 7% year-over-year. Year-to-date through Q3, excluding CapEx investments for our new headquarters, free cash flow increase a solid 15%. In the third quarter, free cash flow decreased more than usual due to a shift in the timing of certain payables and the comparison to settlement payments received last year. The balance of the change in Q3 related to supplier payments for merchant bookings from the first half of the year given the normal seasonality of our business. Looking ahead, we see an opportunity to drive further improvement in cashflow conversion over time. Turning to the balance sheet, we took advantage of favorable market conditions to issue a $1.25 billion 10-year note with a 3.25% coupon. Our approach to managing the balance sheet is unchanged, and we continue to operate within an investment grade credit rating. In addition, during the quarter, we redeemed $400 million convertible notes that we held following the Liberty Expedia deal. On the capital allocation front, we resumed share repurchases following the completion Liberty Expedia deal, repurchasing $418 million in stocks since Q2 earnings. Together with the Liberty Expedia transaction we were pleased to have brought in a total of 6.3 million shares so far this year. Moving to our financial expectations for 2019. As Mark noted earlier, our updated guidance of 5% to 8% adjusted EBITDA growth reflects the mix shift into high cost channels and the lower than expected ADRs, both of which we expect to continue to play a role over the next few quarters. In addition, we now expect lower full year 2019 contributions from Vrbo and Trivago. Overall, we are not satisfied with our results and will continue to navigate these changes over the coming quarters. We do however remain confident that executing our strategy will strengthen Expedia Group's position in the market and lead to share gains and healthy growth over the long term. Operator, we are ready to take our first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Lloyd Walmsley with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Lloyd Walmsley: Thanks. Couple if I can. First, just on the SEO challenges, can you maybe give us a sense of which brands or which goes or maybe what Google products are causing the most disruption? Any color you can give us there would be helpful? And I guess as a follow-up, specifically looking at the vacation rental category and Google moving to kind of mimic what they did in hotel with vacation rental, wondering does your strong presence in their new unit, their metasearch unit offset some of the SEO challenges removing kind of organic links further down the page? And when Google -- what do you expect in terms of the timeline for Google starting to charge for that product and kind of what kind of impact could we expect from that? Thanks.
Mark Okerstrom: Thanks, Lloyd. So the SEO challenges were I would say, things that we saw across multiple product categories. They were things that in some cases, we saw across multiple regions. So the impact was it was really something we felt a little bit more broadly across our multi line of business brands than we did the lodging specific brands. And generally, what we saw was a continued shift of essentially the freed links further down the page, by other modules that were inserted and ultimately a shift of traffic from the SEO channel over to some of the other products whether it's flight metasearch or hotel metasearch overtime. Now of course as related to the hotel product, the lodging product we are able to pick up some of that volume and that ultimately resulted in spending more on sales and marketing than we had otherwise would have. We are happy with the returns that we saw on it, but ultimately, not as good returns as we would see from the SEO channel  With respect to the VR category, right now it's pretty small, and it's something that we are actively looking at in terms of evaluating that product and looking at whether something that we think is going to be a good thing for us over the long term and not. But right now, it's still pretty small.
Lloyd Walmsley: Okay. Thanks guys.
Mark Okerstrom: You are welcome. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney, RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Mark Mahaney: A little more color, please, behind the lower ADR trends in Asia. Is that just -- a lot of that is just political turbulence around Hong Kong, but any other color there? And then any update on the ability to diversify more into social marketing channels, Facebook and the like, and whether there's possible -- there are any improvements there? Are you seeing the ability to tap into commercial intent? Or is that still far away? Thanks a lot.
Alan Pickerill: Yes. Mark, this is Alan. So on your first question on the ADRs. I would just say a few things as you dissect those numbers. First is on a reported basis, the ADRs we're reporting are pretty consistent through the year. The key there is that the foreign currency impact was much more of a negative in the first half and much less of a negative in the back half year. And so that kind of masks the actual kind of decline we're seeing in terms of local currency. Relative to our expectations, we did not forecast the degree of slowdown in ADRs in North America that we ultimately ended up seeing. And in the industry, you can see that industry analysts and hotel companies also are just kind of systematically reducing their expectations on room night economics as we move through this period. So that's the largest area. In APAC, I think you're exactly right to point out the protest in Hong Kong. Some tensions between other countries is having some impact on travel and on ADRs, and we're certainly seeing that in our business, as well.
Mark Okerstrom: And then, Mark in terms of social media marketing channels, we have seen some interesting progress in some of the social media channels, Instagram, for example to some extent, Facebook, largely around influencer-type campaigns. It's much harder to measure than traditional performance marketing channels. So it's tough to get a real read on the ROI. But in terms of just some of the softer metrics we're seeing around awareness and some of the other social metrics that you can take a look at, they are interesting but still in the grand scheme of things relative to other performance channels pretty small. We continue to see good progress around digital video. We see good progress and we continue to like brand marketing which has been something that's been part of our overall toolkit for a very long period of time, but again on social nothing that's significantly sort of needle moving at this point.
Mark Mahaney: Thank you. 
Mark Okerstrom: Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Post with Bank of America, Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Justin Post: Thank you. Could you give us an update on the Vrbo rebranding and do you think you can start seeing better results next year? Are we near a bottom? And then secondly, you mentioned the cloud expenses up a 100 million next year. Anything else we should be thinking about when we do our 2020 models on a big-picture basis? Thank you.
Mark Okerstrom: Justin, on Vrbo listen we continue to be happy with the trends we're seeing at Vrbo. They continue to see growth rates in the double digits, continues to be healthy. Unfortunately if that is swamped by some of the SEO impacts and some of the re-platforming work and sort of pulling spend away from some of the regional brands. The plan is to rollout the Vrbo brand in more markets over the course of the next couple of quarters and Vrbo does plan to put some marketing spend against those rollouts and then there will be further rollouts across 2020. In terms of better results I think we're going to see the next several quarters. We expect there to be continued muted growth rates and then we're optimistic that once we get past the lapping over some of these changes that became more acute in the first half of this year that we should be in a spot where we're able to return to growth rates that were more satisfied with.
Alan Pickerill: Yes. And then Justin on your question about things to think about as we head into 2020, I would just say to be clear and as usual for us at this time we are right in the middle of planning for 2020, so nothing specific to share. You mentioned the cloud impact that is one factor. These factors that we laid out in our prepared remarks on SEO headwinds, mixed into higher cost channels and the lower ADRs are things that we think will continue to impact us for the next few quarters. As Mark mentioned, it will take a little while we think for Vrbo to get back going the way we want it to be going and certainly contributing from a profit perspective. So those are some of the things that would be I guess in the category of headwinds. On the other hand we are pushing forward on international expansion efforts. We're seeing good results from our supply acquisition efforts as you can see from our sustained room night growth. We continue to focus on driving direct business and seeing good results there and as we've mentioned, the Expedia Partner Solutions is doing well. We also will obviously work to manage our overhead costs very tightly as we have this year and we'll continue to do that as we move through 2020. So I think those are some of the factors that I would consider.
Mark Okerstrom: Yes. I would just add to that was in the long term opportunity here the playbook we're executing skill very much does remain intact. I mean the focus areas we have around customer centricity for example are really focused on helping us deliver much better loyal customer relationships seem to squarely aimed at actually decreasing our reliance on a lot of these performance marketing channels that are causing us some angst I think are locally relevant globally effort. I think as Alan mentioned, we're going to continue to move out into international markets and we continue to be happy with the progress we're making on the supply efforts. And listen the recent organizational changes that I spoke about in my prepared remarks are going to set us up well to much more effectively leverage a lot of the technical assets we've got across the organization, the data assets we've got at the same time align our customer facing and partner facing teams just to better execute on the full strategy we've got in place. So long term opportunity remains very much intact and we've got some near-term headwinds that we're certainly navigating right now but we're confident we'll be able to get through this.
Justin Post: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Eric Sheridan with UBS. Please go ahead.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe two if I can. One just following up on Vrbo, I guess just trying to discern out how much of this really is about the rebranding versus is there a change competitive landscape and shared accommodations? Obviously some of your competitors are trying to go after growth, some trying to highlight that growth and some of their own comments. Just trying to understand how much of this is within your control on the inventory level, on the execution level branding versus what you might be seeing for the broader competitive landscape for those that are likely to book shared accommodations? That's number one. And then number two, I would love to get a little bit the color on the Marriott agreement. I thought that was sort of an interesting nuance and highlighted by the company at your quarter. Maybe give us a little bit of color on the underlying premise behind the agreement and how you think it plays out in what you're able to bring the market via your partnership with Marriott? Thanks so much. 
Mark Okerstrom: Sure. So listen with respect to Vrbo, we can certainly point to things that we have done in terms of platform consolidation, reducing spend on certain flanker brands and point to direct impact on our topline trends. That's that I think it's hard to ignore the fact that the overall competitive environment continues to be well competitive. But that said, Vrbo has got, it's got an excellent brand particularly here in the U.S. We're pleased with the growth rates we're seeing against that brand. They have got a great value proposition in terms of a lot of these large whole homes that exist that are great for groups and family and certainly they're working on continued customer facing and partner facing innovation to really press on that advantage. So again, I think to the core question is a competitive or is an internal I think it's a combination of both, but we remain optimistic that through great execution on product development, continued international rollout of the Vrbo brand, getting the inventory from Vrbo on to the core OTA business to help bolster that international expansion with ultimately more demand. All these things are things that point to a brighter future than Vrbo then certainly we've seen over the course of the last couple of quarters. With respect to Marriott, listen we're very pleased with that relationship and that deal, I think it's a unique first of its kind type arrangement and I think it's just an example of how we can bring the power of our platform to bear for our partners. We've really established an incredible network of connectivity and distribution reach across Expedia Group and what we're able to do is help Marriott basically make sure that they are having their rates in inventory displayed in a way that they intend them to be displayed for their customers and we think it's a great leverage of what we've got and I think it helps them achieve what they want to and we're optimistic that ultimately this will be the first of many because we think it's a great relationship. 
Eric Sheridan: Thanks so much.
Mark Okerstrom: You're welcome. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Kopelman, Cowen and Company. Please go ahead. 
Kevin Kopelman: Hi, thanks a lot. I just had a couple of follow-up questions on the change in the EBITDA trajectory. First could you talk about the increased payment processing cost and what were those and are those ongoing or more one-time in nature? Thanks.
Alan Pickerill: Yes. Thanks. Yes, so Vrbo has been using a third-party for payment processing and we made the decision to move the payments on to the Expedia Group stack so that will become the merchant of record for those. In order to make sure that we had a seamless transition there and that it went well, we put in place some incentive payments if you will for the third party processor and that's what we're referring to. Those were accelerated based on this, the pace at which we were moving the volumes over. So not only were there expenses, but we pulled some of them forward from what maybe would have been in 2020. So that's the nature of what we're seeing. There will be an impact of those in Q4 as well.
Mark Okerstrom: And again, I think that the rationale for getting onto the Expedia payment stack, we've got an excellent payments platform that has a broad array of payments methods, international exposure, world-class fraud detection, very good merchant arrangements with all of our providers. So we're confident this will unlock more growth for Vrbo going forward and we just need to get through this transition period.
Kevin Kopelman: Great and then just a follow-up on Naveds question earlier about SEO, can you give us just more details on kind of specific changes that you saw in the search chain all that led to some of that SEO traffic ending up more on a pay traffic? Thanks.
Mark Okerstrom: Sure. Again a lot of it was around either different modules that they were introducing into search results that were putting traditional SEO links down the page and then in some cases just steering more queries over to the hotel ads module or to the Google flights module than they had been doing historically which ultimately just resulted in a traffic shift and as we were prominently featured in the Google hotel ads product of course we were the recipient of that traffic. Again pretty pleased with the returns that we see in that channel but not as good as they were in the place the traffic was coming from.
Kevin Kopelman: Thanks, very helpful.
Mark Okerstrom: Yes, you are welcome. Next question please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Deepak Mathivanan with Barclays. Please go ahead. 
Deepak Mathivanan: Great, thanks for taking the questions guys. Mark, sorry to be the dead horse on the SEO issue, this has been an obviously recurring and kind of highly volatile theme for several years now. Can you help quantify the exposure right now I mean you have for SEO traffic at this time and then you noted that you expect the issue to sustain for a few quarters? But what is the broader long-term strategy to steadily mitigate the exposure from traffic standpoint? Do you think is it more branding or are there any other kind of marketing programs that you can scare to offset some of the impacts from this? Thank you very much.
Mark Okerstrom: Yes. Thanks Deepak. Well, I will tell you the SEO exposure is shrinking all the time. It is one of many sources for us and we haven't gotten into the specifics of how big it is, but it is becoming less important to us over time for better or for worse. Listen, the strategy to mitigate is really what we've been talking about is being much more customer centric and for us that means ultimately developing better loyal customer relationships so that we have customers come back to us directly. We've been very focused on for example, building out great feature functionality in our apps and across many of our brands working to ultimately provide differentiated features in the apps that are differentiated offers in the app that lead customers to come back to us directly. Obviously just having great product across the board whether it's in the app or elsewhere as part of the strategy as well we've got great rewards programs both at hotels.com, stay 10 nights get one free and then the Expedia rewards program again another reason for people to come back to us ultimately directly. And then, in terms of channels again we have been ultimately optimizing our marketing spend in some of these performance channels over the course of the last year and a half or so and ultimately putting more money into more of the branded channels. We mentioned some of the things we've been doing around influencers which is not huge yet, but that's part of it but also just television and digital advertising where we can really feature more prominently the brand and build the brand and really scream what's different about the brand has been part of the formula as well.
Deepak Mathivanan: Got it, thanks Mark.
Mark Okerstrom: Yes, you're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jed Kelly with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Jed Kelly: Great and thanks for taking my questions. Just with the success you're having rolling out core OTA outside the U.S., do you ever think about unifying your vacation rentals more through the Expedia brand than the hotels.com brand? And then, on your comments on ADR do you think that's more macro driven or are we finally seeing some of the alternative accommodation providers have more of an impact?
Mark Okerstrom: Thanks Jed. Listen in terms of unifying the VR through [Indiscernible] we're taking a bit of a hybrid strategy. So one of the things that we have done as part of our recent organizational realignment is brought the partner facing or host facing teams closer together between the main OTA team and the Vrbo team with a view at a minimum having a more consistent go-to-market strategy and more alignment so that as it relates to our partners they really don't have multiple places to go to. They've got one. I think that's part of the equation. The other side of it is as we get more of the inventory from Vrbo onto brand Expedia and hotels.com over time it will provide us with the opportunity to drive more incremental volume to new properties internationally as we sign them up. Our plan is to still rollout the Vrbo brand and we'll be thoughtful about how we do that, how quickly we do it, how much money we put against it but really the end state here is that we do end up having at least in a number of markets pretty broad portfolio of brands where we've got the multi product brand and brand Expedia that has alternative accommodation. You've got some of our single lodging providers like hotels.com also providing them of course you've got Vrbo which is dedicated to it as well. But again, part of the goal is to harmonize on the partner side and then distribute where we can through as many brands as we can.
Alan Pickerill: And then Jed, this is Alan. On your ADR question, I would say that the big factor there is going to be the macro trends and you can kind of see that throughout the industry. I would say our exact ADR trends do not match exactly with the industry and I do think that's because of mix. You referenced if there's an impact from vacation rental, I think to the extent that we're integrating Vrbo's vacation rentals and our core lodging team is adding alternative accommodations as well around the edges that could have a little bit of an impact, but I don't think it would be meaningful at this point. The other factor is, there is some geo mix in there so certain countries where we're strong versus other countries where we're weaker do have different ADR just different overall ADRs ours and so that plays into it as well but really the big story here is that the macro slowing.
Jed Kelly: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Naved Khan with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Naved Khan: Yes, thanks a lot. It's Naved Khan from SunTrust. Maybe the clarification on the ADR, how much of the on the decline when I guess it's macro related, but how much of that is really travelers sort of trading down meaning booking lower price point hotels versus lowering in price point by the hotels across the board? And then, you talked about sort of the SEO changes impacting maybe more of the non-lodging kind of products versus lodging. Is that a fair characterization and how should we think about that impact across different geos?
Mark Okerstrom: So Naved, on the first one it's really hard to say how much is travelers booking lower price point hotels versus the broader slowing that we're seeing. I would say that the slowing that we saw is not dramatically different from what we're seeing across the overall industry. So Alan called out rightly that there may be some mix impact in our channel. It's hard to call it specifically that it's consumer behavior or a trade down at this point. In terms of the SEO impact, I think the impact is pretty broad. It's just that when you have a lodging only provider, the only see it in one channel versus if you got multi-lines of business like the air activities, car etcetera. You can feel it in other lines of business. And in some cases those other lines of business can drive lodging business is well in terms of attach. So, it can have a bit of a larger impact on the overall business even though as between lodging and the other products in total, it's not that big of a difference.
Naved Khan: Got it, thank you.
Mark Okerstrom: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Patterson with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Justin Patterson: Great, thank you very much. Can you talk about how OTA sensitivity differs today versus the last lodging cycle? It does seem like there is some more incremental headwinds this time through and it doesn't seem like some of the counters technical elements of OTAs are kicking in. And then, secondly on in the organizational realignments. Could you highlight how this realignment is a different function of the past ones and how we should think about the timelines toward seeing operational efficiencies? Thanks.
Mark Okerstrom: Thanks, Justin. Listen, I think OTA is in a cycle in terms of will be in that what we saw during the last slowdown. I think we continue to be in a good spot. I think we are much larger than we have been historically. And therefore our importance as a channel is more significant. What we've seen in past cycles is that corporate and meetings business starts to essentially get shrunk essentially as corporate start tightening the belt. And that ends up creating more of a spot market in our channel where our partners are able to discount and in many cases discount in more opaquely as either through our hotwire product or through our packages product so that ultimately they can offer incredible deals to our customers in a way that doesn't undermine the overall pricing structure. I think that continues to be a big opportunity for us. I dont think they were necessarily at that point in the cycle yet. You continue to see occupancy rates continue to be pretty healthy for us and healthy for the overall industry. So, I think if we were going to see as it's a bit earlier. I would also say that in terms of our position unit downturn, we have introduced a bunch of new products that help our pretty in our lodging partners target customers more effectively in a way that goes beyond just traditional discounting or travel ads product for example. Is a product that is more of a sponsored liftings product which allows our lodging partners to get demand in a really targeted way when they need it? And that's just significantly more sophisticated today than it was in the prior year. So, I think it represents an opportunity. In terms of the organizational alignment, listen we have not done a ton of organizational realignment over the years but this one is significant in that. It does bring a number of teams together in a way that does really align well with our overall strategy. Bringing the partner facing teams together. For example, I talked about the way that we'll have a much more unified go-to market approach between Vrbo and our lodging team. That and our traditional lodging team and I think that's going to bear benefits over time. It really allows us to unleash a lot of the benefits that we can deliver across the whole platform to our partners. Like we have with Marriott, like we have with United Airlines for example, bringing together more of our tech and data teams are aligning them more closely, really allows them to be more effective and collaborating with one and another and finding opportunities where they can leverage these other technology, leveraging others code and redeploy resources against things that are more differentiated in terms of what our customers and partners might see. And then we brought across some of the functions in our customer facing team to be more effective in terms of international expansion to find more opportunities to collaborate with one and other in ways like we have done between Vrbo and brand Expedia for example. Where on Vrbo, you're able to book hotels and cars on brand Expedia you're able to log in with your brand Expedia login credentials. So, these are all changes that are aimed at unlocking new opportunities that are aligned squarely with our strategy. In terms of how long it's going to take to scale these things. Listen, it is going to take some time to realize the full benefit of what we're able to do here but we're confident that is going to make us much more effective and efficient as we realize those benefits over time.
Justin Patterson: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Daniel Powell on for Heath. Just a couple of quick ones from us. First, we'd love to get from an update about where you feel you are on international supply expansion. Should we continue to expect to see pretty elevated growths in those supply ads or do you feel like they're getting to a point where you have pretty competitive coverage across major markets. And then secondly, just curious if you could give us an update on what you're seeing on the reward side both from your perspective and what you run through Hotels.com but also on the hotel side of things or the branded side of things and injecting rewards rate onto your platform. Thanks.
Mark Okerstrom: Sure. So, in terms of international supply expansion, we're pleased with what we see, we continue to add properties at a healthy rate on to the core platform. These include traditional conventional lodging and also include alternative accommodations. I think we're again pleased with the progress we're making in the priority markets on that front and pleased with the lot of the work we're doing to actually enhance our product to make it more locally relevant as you've seen with our international room night growth adjusting for Easter, it's broadly consistent with what we saw the last quarter. And I think it's a testament to some of the benefits that we're seeing. That said, we have seen mixed results in some of these markets depending on what's happening in various marketing channels. And as we add new properties, we have to be mindful of making sure that we balance in both supply and demand. So, I think the good news is we've got the capability to add more properties, we continue to add to our assortment which is fantastic. And I think as we continue to expand international, we're going to blend those efforts with putting resources against other efforts that ultimately might move the needle more effectively to help us be more locally relevant. In terms of the rewards programs. Again, we remain very happy with the Hotels.com rewards program, results in higher customer loyalty, nice repeat rates that we see in that business. We do think that it is overall accretive to the P&L and we're happy to have that program and is a very strong program. In terms of putting loyalty rates, other partner's loyalty rates on our platform. We've had good success with a lot of the partners that we have rolled out within, again we're eager to continue to work in that way and other ways with our hotel partners as we move forward.
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking my question; I have two. Just to go back to the SEO issues. I guess, I think you guys last updated guidance on July 25th. Can you just sort of let us know around what period you saw the SEO issues start just so we can sort of think about the sizing of our partial quarter impact on your ad spend for bookings. So what do you think about full quarter impact in 4Q and to 2020. And then, on the comment about higher cost marketing channels, you just help us understand what are the largest one or two marketing channels you're moving dollars toward and then sort of bigger picture, what marketing channel are you sort of most optimistic about longer term that can maybe help you diversify overall paid bookings mix away from Google.
Alan Pickerill: Yes Brian, this is Alan. Just in terms of kind of how the factors that we talked about on the call developed. We were you referenced our last earnings call, we were just finishing up the first half of the year. That was a pretty terrific start to the year. We were ahead of our expectations at that moment. And felt like the things that we saw in the business in the first half would carry out into the second half. As we moved through third quarter, we could start to see the impact from these SEO challenges and we also started to see the trends in ADRs working against us. And with particular strength as we got to the very tail-end to the quarter. So, that's how I would think about it in terms of the challenges and the timing. As I said, we do expect them to continue to be a headwind for us in Q4 and into 2020. On the just the last part of that SEO question in terms of where is the traffic going. I mean, I dont have a specific answer for you other than to say if you're just thinking about the Google platform to the extent that SEO is pushed lower on the page and people who normally maybe would have transacted through those links are moving to paid links. You're looking at SEM and Google hotel ads. And as Mark said, it's good we see good returns on those volumes except for the fact that volumes through SEO are essentially free to us. And so, going from free to anything especially the other Google paid placements can create a sizeable headwind for us. And then Brian, in terms of other channels, I mean we're actively spending more in digital video, we're spending more in traditional television. I mentioned experimenting with some of the influence or type things on Instagram and other social channels. As I think you know we've got a sponsorship for Champions League in Europe which we've been pretty happy with so far. So, the goal here is to help start basically accelerating our direct business and we were happy with the growth in our direct channels in the quarter. And overall, our strategy is to continue to actually differentiate the product and build more direct business over time. So, I think you'll see us continue to find new channels that are more branded in nature to help build our direct business.
Brian Nowak: Alright, thanks guys.
Alan Pickerill: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Brian Fitzgerald: Thanks. A couple of quick ones. You mentioned the lodging stack would recover by the end of the year. Does how does that match up with the original plans. You see accelerating trends as you apply best practices or a get scaled or optimized tools. And then, related does your stack switch make for a lighter shift. So, that's first question. Second one is just simply around, Mark you mentioned removing friction with the unified sign on at point of sales across Expedia and Vrbo. Is that predicated on just to do the move off of the Vrbo, third payment provider? And then we'd imagine you get incremental or better a fresher data and as you unify those two. And do you see that levered into better first party data, means better targeting amongst the whole platform, so tailwinds in targeting. Thanks.
Mark Okerstrom: Thanks, Brian. I'd say broadly the cloud migration is moving along nicely. It's always impossible to estimate exactly when you're going to get it done. So, we're pleased with the progress and I think where we thought we'd be at the end of the year versus where we are. I think we're broadly in line with where we want it to be. In terms or the air stack, I think the teams done a lot of great work to actually get ourselves cloud-ready. They're obviously that the lodging business for us is one of the biggest lists. And so, the air business and the teams done a great job. And I think that's something that we'll be moving in towards the end of this year and into the following year as well. In terms of removing friction, really what we are talking about is enabling Vrbo users to login using their Expedia credentials. From that point on, yes we're able to collect more information on them and tag more of their intent towards a particular user profile. And we are interested in making sure that we can deliver the most tailored and relevant experiences to our customers. I think that type of thing represents an opportunity for us to do that better. It is not related to the payment side of things. So, it's completely deferred.
Brian Fitzgerald: Thanks.
Mark Okerstrom: Okay, you're welcome.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steven Jew with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Steven Jew: So, thank you. So Mark, anything you can share about the consumer awareness as well as the willingness to transact in the 650,000 Vrbo properties you've now integrated. And is that improving quarter-on-quarter year-over-year or are you seeing any sort of conversion rate headwinds. Because it seems like conceptually if you present people with more choice that should respond positively. And also trying to think about when some of the SEO headwinds for Vrbo should and could and because our recollection from when it was a publicly treated company, was that Google will de-rate one property versus another if they see the same inventory on both. So, now where are you in terms of integrating what properties that can be integrated from Vrbo to brand Expedia? Thanks.
Mark Okerstrom: Yes Steven, so on the basically the performance of the Vrbo properties on the Core OTA side of things. It's still relatively small, it's growing very quickly and the teams have continued to test and when the right thing, the right time to present the properties. I think as a reminder, each of these properties essentially represents one unit as opposed to a traditional until then maybe call it 50 different units. So, the total volume potential of these is just smaller than a traditional property, but certainly when you present these to the right customer at the right time, they definitely improve conversion. You just got to be smart about when you present them and do it in a very targeted way because customers also definitely want to have some curetted results that are relevant just to them. In terms of SEO headwinds for Vrbo, listen I think the key is here is that we are really putting our weight behind the Vrbo brand and as a result of that it's done a bunch of platform consolidation work. Really we saw the step up in the headwinds from SEO really start at the beginning of this year and I think we're into the end of 2020 before we see those types of things lapping, but I think SEO is a headwind for everyone. In the internet I think you saw us call it out and that's why Vrbo has been pretty focused on defining a real differentiated value proposition, being smart about their brand spend and exploring more digital video type advertising against the Vrbo brand itself which is growing double digits. We like the progress we're seeing there.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Mark Okerstrom: You're welcome. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ron Josey with JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi this is Andrew Boone on for Ron. I'd like to go first to your supply strategy just with 1.4 million properties that are now on the platform. Can you talk about your strategy with priority markets? Are there more priority markets today versus a year, a year and a half ago? Are you going deeper or you guys adding more priority markets? And then secondly, Google rolled out BERT a few weeks ago just with all the talk on SEO, if you guys had any impact there? Thank you.
Mark Okerstrom: Sure. So in terms of priority markets we did expand the number of priority markets from the first wave that we did. And we are essentially going not completely broad. We have expanded the numbers, but we are trying to go deep and sure that ultimately we have a broad selection not only in the primary markets but the secondary and tertiary markets which is important to make sure that you can develop locally relevant product that ultimately customers will go back to again and again and again. So with respect to BERT listen I think Google continues to experiment with new products. I think where we see that the biggest impact is when those products ultimately take away real estate from what was traditionally free channel. So I think it's too early to call an impact on that particular product. But generally, the trend is that Google does continue to push for more revenue per visitor and I think it's just the reality of where the world is in the internet and the importance of Google at the top of the funnel.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brent Thill with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Brent Thill: Mark on Europe, Im just curious how that fared relative to your plan and your outlook Alan for Q4 directionally how you are thinking about the region? Thank you. 
Alan Pickerill: Yes. I think Europe saw similar type of ADR softening that we saw across the U.S. and some of the regions. I think so that was a factor for us. We were broadly happy with our volumes in Europe. Again, we've been in a number of those markets with our champions league sponsorship and some of the supply acquisition efforts that we've been pushing I think maybe a little bit isolated from some of the things that may have been happening there, but it was mixed. I mean we saw weaker in the UK again I think on Brexit concerns and country by country there were mixed results either because of things that we were doing and performance marketing channels or whether it was because of macro environment it was hard for us to tell. But broadly speaking we were comfortable with the way that Europe played out.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Anmuth with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Doug Anmuth: Thanks for taking the questions. I have two, first if you could talk about competition in the dynamic there in APAC in particular just with some of the local players they're really getting more aggressive from a global perspective? And then second, on holistic travel it feels like the market and other players are kind of just shifting more in your direction. Can you just talk about what you're able to do there just to continue to differentiate the products and platforms? Thanks.
Mark Okerstrom: Yes. Listen the competition in Asia continues to be fierce. You've got a number of regional players that continue to do really significant discounting and a couple of PAN regional and global players that are doing the same. In many cases leveraging rates that maybe shouldn't be online and actually putting them online. So it does continue to be a pretty fierce environment for us and I think everyone in the region. We are having success in a number of markets in Asia, but in other markets it does end up being a little bit more challenging. We do have however with our Expedia Partner Solutions business the ability to tap into that market and we are powering a number of players in the Asia-Pacific region with our inventory both in APAC and then around the world as well. So we are able to benefit from what's happening there, but for our consumer brands it does continue to be a pretty competitive environment for us. I'm sorry on holistic travel, listen we continue to innovate on finding ways where we can leverage our flights and car rental and hotel advantage not only in terms of just actually being able to offer discounts, but also ultimately being able to in the future provide just more information on flight delays, etcetera even for hotel bookers. So the team's got a bunch of plans to actually build more in the way of the connected trips experience beyond what is our traditional core competitive advantage which is being able to bundle things together, have your itinerary all in one place and do so in a way that ultimately can deliver great savings for our customers.
Doug Anmuth: Great, thanks Mark.
Mark Okerstrom: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tom White with D.A. Davidson. Please go ahead.
Tom White: Great, thanks for taking my question. Just to clarify a question on the mix shift to higher cost marketing channels. Was that more just sort of a passive event Alan that you mentioned resulting from the search platforms kind of prioritizing their own vertical search experiences and that impacting your mix or was it also, was there any sort of proactive steps that you guys were taking to maybe lean into CPC bids or specific higher priced channels to kind of try and preserve unit growth in the face of some of the pressures you talked about? And then just secondly, on the free cash flow conversion comment Alan, I'm just hoping you maybe you could provide a little bit more color there, any thoughts on magnitude or potential timetable that you can share?
Alan Pickerill: Yes Tom. So, on the first question I would say more of the former than the latter. I mean it's if you think about what we described here, it's principally Google pushing SEO down the page and there's just a natural outcome of that. Obviously, the team is very dynamic and is constantly looking at opportunities and trying to do a good job of balancing room night growth with our overall profitability. So there are elements of that but for the most part I think it's more just the natural shift as SEO gets tougher to come by. On the free cash flow bit, I think we've been clear that we do expect over the long term to continue to deliver healthy and solid adjusted EBITDA which is where it all starts. The next main factor here is that we will be moving through and completing our Seattle facility and so that will provide a tailwind on our free cash flow. We expect to continue to see a good tailwind on our working capital flows as our merchant business continues to grow. So all of that together, we think adds up to a situation where we can drive healthy free cash flow and good cash flow conversion going forward.
Thomas White: Thanks.
Alan Pickerill: You bet.
Operator: This will conclude our Q&A session for today's call. I will now turn it over to Mark Okerstrom for closing remarks.
Mark Okerstrom: Well thank you all for listening today and a huge thanks to...

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-25 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Expedia Group Q2 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Michael Senno, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Michael Senno: Good afternoon, and welcome to Expedia Group's Financial Results Conference Call for the Second Quarter Ended June 30, 2019. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by Mark Okerstrom, Expedia Group's CEO and President; and Alan Pickerill, our CFO. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, July 25, 2019, only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate, we are optimistic or confident that or similar statements. Please refer to today's earnings release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You will find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the company's Investor Relations website at ir.expediagroup.com. And I encourage you to periodically visit our IR website for other important content, including today's earnings release. Unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense and technology and content expense excludes stock-based compensation and depreciation expense. And all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2018. A reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA guidance to the closest corresponding GAAP measure is not provided because we are unable to predict the ultimate outcome of certain significant items without unreasonable efforts. These items include, but are not limited to, foreign exchange, returns on investment spending and acquisition-related or restructuring expenses. As such, the items that are excluded from our non-GAAP guidance are uncertain, depend on various factors and could have a material impact on GAAP results for the guidance period. Finally, on April 15, Expedia Group entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Liberty Expedia Holdings in an all-stock transaction. For details on the proposed transaction, we will refer you to the information in our SEC filings. The deal is currently pending approval from Liberty Expedia stockholders with the shareholder vote scheduled for tomorrow Friday, July 26. We do not plan to take any questions related to this topic on today's call. And with that, let me turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Okerstrom: Thanks, Michael. In Q2, we, once again, saw solid execution across the company and built on our operating momentum. Our strong results through the first half of the year are evidence of the continued progress we're making on our transformation underpinned by our key strategic themes. Being locally relevant on a global basis is guiding our focused market approach where we're seeing nice progress in international markets. We're focusing on being more customer-centric, adding features and functionality to better serve travelers. For example, we're rolling out a virtual agent platform, which is already driving improved customer satisfaction and increasing the efficiency of our customer service. This year, our efforts to increase the speed of execution and innovation have evolved into a new third strategic theme around fully leveraging the power of our global platform. We're collaborating across the company and operating more and more as one group than ever before. We're increasingly unlocking opportunities to cross-sell between brands. For example, Vrbo customers are now able to book rental cars and other products powered by Brand Expedia. Our teams are also leveraging best-in-class systems and technologies across divisions. For instance, Hotels.com recently migrated to Brand Expedia's system for collecting post-stay reviews, and is already benefiting from additional features and an improvement in content. And these are just the tip of the iceberg. We have many other opportunities to drive customer and partner-facing innovation and increase operating efficiency by better leveraging the scale of our platform across Expedia Group. To that end, we've recently begun a design process with the goal of realigning certain teams across the company to enable them to better execute on this platform approach. All of these efforts are squarely aimed at driving better customer and partner experiences as well as stronger long-term growth and value creation. Our continued progress on these key strategic themes contributed to healthy financial performance in Q2 with top line growth accelerating and adjusted EBITDA increasing 23% year-over-year. Our Core OTA segment continues to lead the way as we see positive results from the playbook, we're executing to drive our lodging business. Core OTA room night growth was a healthy 12% in the quarter. We're confident that continuing to push targeted supply acquisition along with focusing on locally relevant content, product innovation and strategic marketing investments will lead to healthy top and bottom line results across our Core OTA business going forward. A key tenet of our playbook is our supply acquisition effort where we continue to see nice results. Excluding Vrbo listings, we added over 40,000 properties to our core lodging platform for the sixth consecutive quarter and expect that elevated pace to continue as we move through the year. Including them now approximately 570,000 integrated Vrbo listings, we ended the quarter with nearly 1.3 million total properties on our core lodging platform. Vrbo eclipse 2 million online bookable listings in the second quarter, and over 1.3 million of those are now instantly bookable. The team continues to navigate the brand and platform transition we discussed last quarter. And although, gross bookings growth remained modest, we saw growth trends improve throughout the quarter. While we still have a lot of work to do, we continue to see an attractive long-term growth opportunity, both at Vrbo and across Expedia Group in the alternative accommodation space. Egencia delivered healthy profits in Q2 with adjusted EBITDA increasing 24%. The Egencia team continues to be disciplined in cost management while enhancing its product offering with new machine learning-driven features and increasingly leveraging the Expedia Group platform capabilities to provide a better customer experience. As we further differentiate our product, we're confident we can deliver strong growth and share gains over the long term in the managed corporate travel segment. Trivago posted another quarter of healthy profitability, while revenue decline slowed as its marketplace continue to stabilize and trivago started to lap last year's marketing optimization effort. With comps largely normalized heading into the second half of the year, the team is making targeted marketing investments to drive growth. In addition, as trivago highlighted yesterday, it continues to evolve its product and test new features aimed at enhancing its marketplace, which should provide a benefit over time. Overall, we expect trivago to return to revenue growth in the second half of the year, and they remain on track to deliver healthy profits for the full year. In closing, we're making nice strides in transforming the company as we push forward on our key strategic priorities. Our operating momentum and healthy financial results throughout 2018 and now into the first half of this year are evidence of our enormous potential. While we're still early in our journey as the world's travel platform, we are confident that continuing to rigorously execute on our plan will lead to sustained growth for many years to come. With that, I'll turn over to Alan.
Alan Pickerill: Thank you, Mark. We are pleased with our performance in Q2 with both gross bookings and revenue increasing 9%. Excluding the negative foreign currency impact to each, gross bookings grew 11% and revenue was up 12%. Both total lodging revenue and stayed room nights also grew at solid 12% in the quarter. We continue to see nice momentum in our Core OTA segment. The healthy room night growth Mark mentioned contributed to an acceleration in revenue growth and an 11% increase in adjusted EBITDA despite tougher comps as we started to lap the marketing optimization benefits from last year. Our approach to marketing remains balanced and disciplined, strategically investing in key marketing channels to drive growth, particularly, as we expand our supply base and attract new customers. That balanced approach has our Core OTA segment well positioned to deliver solid growth for full year 2019. Vrbo gross bookings increased 2% in the quarter as we continued to work through the brand and platform changes that we have discussed previously. Stayed room nights grew 8% in Q2 and we expect continued modest room night growth in the back half of the year. Revenue at Vrbo was up 17% year-over-year due to approximately 25% growth in transaction revenue, while the decline in subscription revenue moderated to 7%. Transaction revenue benefited from continued optimization of our fees and further mix shift of transactions to pay per booking listings. Adjusted EBITDA increased 8% in the quarter as we invested behind the Vrbo brand across marketing channels. We plan to continue investing in the business as we navigate this transition period to position Vrbo to capitalize on the significant opportunity in alternative accommodations longer term. Total advertising and media revenue was up 4% in Q2 and increased 8%, excluding a negative foreign currency impact. Media Solutions posted another quarter of over 20% growth, while the revenue decline at trivago moderated as the comps began to ease. In our Air business, ticket volume increased 10% benefiting from new enterprise partnerships at Expedia Partner Solutions that launched in late 2018 along with growth at Brand Expedia. Revenue per ticket declined 7% due to a reclassification of certain fees to other revenue, in addition to a negative FX impact and a shift in product mix. As a result, total air revenue was up 2% in the quarter. Turning to expenses. We saw a nice leverage on overall cost, resulting in almost 200 basis points of adjusted EBITDA margin expansion in the quarter. While total expense growth was above Q1 levels, it was in line with our expectations as we continue to execute on the same formula: combining strategic marketing investments with disciplined overhead cost management to deliver attractive profit growth. We saw nice leverage on cost of revenue, which grew 6% in Q2, primarily due to higher cloud expenses. We continue to expect cost of revenue growth to accelerate in the back half of the year, but we now expect cost of revenue to grow approximately in line with revenue for the full year. Total selling and marketing expense increased 7% in the second quarter. Similar to last quarter, trivago accounted for the leverage with declines in both direct and indirect selling and marketing. Excluding trivago, direct selling and marketing increased 15% due to higher brand investments and performance marketing costs in part to support our international expansion efforts along with partner commissions related to the growth at Expedia Partner Solutions. As I mentioned earlier, we started to lap the marketing optimization benefits we saw last year, which were most notable in the second and third quarters creating tougher comps and direct selling and marketing this year. Technology and content expenses were up 9% year-over-year driven primarily by increased headcount as we invest in product and platform enhancements across the business. General and administrative costs grew 7%. As expected, cost growth was above Q1 levels mainly due to more difficult comps and higher growth in professional fees in Q2. We remain on track to see nice leverage on general and administrative costs in 2019. In total, overhead expenses increased 4% as we continued to take a disciplined approach to managing these costs. As Mark highlighted earlier, we are increasingly operating as a platform company by leveraging technology to drive automation and collaborating to reduce duplicative activities. We're starting to see some early benefits and expect additional efficiency gains in 2020 and beyond. Importantly, we expect our platform approach to spur further innovation and contribute to healthy revenue trends over time. Moving down the P&L, we also saw a nice leverage below the line. Depreciation expenses increased just 4% as we continued to benefit from lower data center CapEx. Net interest expense declined year-over-year and our adjusted tax rate was 22% in Q2. These factors, taken together with our strong operational performance, led to very healthy adjusted EPS growth of 29%. In terms of capital allocation, our overall approach is the same as it's been for several years: balancing opportunistic M&A with share repurchases and our dividend. Looking ahead, the strong organic growth potential for our business and declining capital intensity leave us well positioned to deliver attractive free cash flow over the next few years. As demonstrated last year and based on the landscape we see today, we currently have an incremental bias toward deploying a greater portion of our excess capital to share repurchases in the coming years. Also note, we remain on track to close Liberty Expedia acquisition pending their shareholder vote tomorrow, which will reduce our share count by 3.1 million shares. Turning to our financial expectations for the full year. We are increasing the low end of our guidance range and now expect consolidated adjusted EBITDA growth of 12% to 15% in 2019. Looking at the back half of the year, we expect modest adjusted EBITDA growth in the third quarter due to the expected retroactive impact of the French digital services tax as well as tougher comps at trivago and from the ramp-up of our marketing optimization efforts last year. We then expect adjusted EBITDA growth to reaccelerate in the fourth quarter. One other item to note, we anticipate our adjusted tax rate will be a bit higher in the second half of the year than it was in Q2. Overall, the formula that led to our strong performance in the first half, healthy revenue growth combined with strategic marketing investments and disciplined overhead cost management, is the same formula we plan to execute going forward. And we believe continuing to progress on our key strategic initiatives, which are all aimed directly at driving that same growth algorithm, will position us to deliver healthy growth in 2019 and beyond. Operator, we're ready for our first question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we'll take our first question today from Kevin Kopelman with Cowen and Company.
Kevin Kopelman: I had a question about the advertising ROI environment. Can you give us more color on ad ROI trends? As it looks like your room nights accelerated but your ad spend also accelerated above that. So how much was Expedia kind of getting more aggressive versus changes to the environment or just seeing more volume?
Mark Okerstrom: Kevin, I think it's been largely consistent with the trends that we've seen over the course of the last number of quarters. The same really factors exist in our business as they have in the past, which is we continue to optimize our marketing spend, making sure that we're getting the incremental bookings and that we're being very disciplined around the rest of the whole marketing piece. But as we expand internationally, ultimately you end up with countries that you're expanding into that have a greater proportion of their mix being in more performance channels. And as those markets are growing faster than domestic, ultimately, they can result in the acceleration of sales and marketing growth. And certainly, that's something you could expect to see from us over time. But again, the formula here is that you build a position in a new market over time, you start getting more and more loyal repeat customers. And each of these markets, which maybe from the start less efficient than a mature market like the U.S., actually becomes more and more efficient over time as you build your brand position. So the overall environment largely similar and really -- it's really a geographic mix story for us.
Alan Pickerill: And Kevin, I would just add some of my commentary around the direct marketing spend last year. Q2 and Q3 are particularly tough comps there. Those were quarters when we were really getting after the overall marketing optimization. And there was quite a lot of goodness there in terms of leverage and we're comping over that. So that's part of the relationship between direct selling and marketing in this Q2 if you're comparing it to kind of what you saw in Q1.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Deepak Mathivanan with Barclays.
Deepak Mathivanan: Two quick ones. So first one on Vrbo. As you navigate through the challenges in the business and then as you move toward brand integration efforts that you talked about in the last quarter under the Vrbo brand internationally, how should we think about the magnitude on timing of sort of the marketing investments that you're required to make this push internationally? It doesn't sound like there is incremental investments in 2019. Is that more a 2020 event? Or should we expect a more gradual investment? And then second one on core. The 12% growth was really good improvement from last quarter. There was obviously some noise with Easter timing benefit, et cetera. But with international business particularly showing good results from the all the initiatives that are put in place over the past few quarters, do you think the core business is on track to kind of deliver improving growth continuously over the back half?
Mark Okerstrom: Thanks, Deepak. I'll take the first one and then I'll turn it over to Alan for the second one. The plan for Vrbo around international expansion is really we'll be looking look through the back half of this year and then into 2020 to really start to do the bulk of the, call it, brand consolidation works internationally. As we do that, we will start to put more money against the Vrbo brand. But again, as we do with the rest of the business, I mean, we're really looking to take a balanced approach here. We do it at Vrbo, we do it across the Core OTA business. I would also say that our international expansion efforts and our urban expansion efforts, as it relates to alternative accommodations, are in part Vrbo, but they are also part of the Brand Expedia and Hotels.com story. So Brand Expedia, Hotels.com have or building meaningful positions in places outside of the U.S., places like Europe, places like Asia, Latin America where Vrbo doesn't have a presence. A lot of that demand is real-quality urban demand. But they've also got great demand in resort and other destinations. So as we build the Vrbo brand and as we start to add international and urban inventory over the course of the next 18 to 24 months, the story is built Vrbo but also drive demand into those new partners as they come on the platform through the rest of the Core OTA brand. And that will help essentially us do this in the most efficient and effective way.
Alan Pickerill: Yes. And Deepak, on your second question. I mean, I think the first answer really is that we're quite pleased with the execution in the Core OTA business. We're happy with that 12% room night growth that we saw there in the second quarter. We do have significant efforts, as you know, underway to grow the business internationally. And we think that we are seeing good execution there and benefits from that. As far as how to think about the trajectory into the back half of the year, I would say that we have many initiatives underway to help continue to deliver healthy room night growth as well as acceleration where we can find it. But I wouldn't necessarily count on vast acceleration in the back half of the year. We're comfortable with where we are. But the long-term story is that we're looking to drive as faster room night growth as we can.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Naved Khan with SunTrust.
Naved Khan: Two questions. One on Vrbo and one on international. On Vrbo, I think, Mark, you talked about some improvement during the quarter in the booking growth trajectory. Can you shed some light on it? And also in the face of these SEO headwinds and the platform changes, and when do you expect to start to see sort of return to more normalized growth trend in the Vrbo business? And then on the international front, if I look at the international room nights, there was a nice pickup. Obviously, Easter probably contributed to that. But even ex that, it looks really strong. What are the factors contributing to that other than Easter, I would ask?
Mark Okerstrom: Great. So on Vrbo, we did see some acceleration in the quarter sequentially from month to month. But I would say, listen, the overall story for Vrbo is that if you adjust for Easter and a few other factors, the Q1 to Q2 story was broadly consistent. The team is working hard on all of the tactical improvements that they need to make to get predominantly the SEO volume back on track in addition to continuing to drive essentially best-in-class marketing efforts and delivering amazing products to both their customers on the travelers' side and then also their hosts. And the team has come a very, very long way on that front. So we're comfortable with the activity the team is doing. How that plays out in terms of growth rates, we're kind of expecting more of the same for the next couple of quarters. We're going to try to do our best and the teams are doing their best to do better. But we're probably into 2020 before we see a meaningful pickup. And I will tell you again that underneath all of this is very healthy growth we're seeing at the Vrbo brand itself. This really is a flanker brand story and underneath is kernel of a real healthy business.
Alan Pickerill: Yes. And then as far as the international room nights, I think that you hit the nail on the head, Naved. The execution is good. We're seeing progress internationally in our focus market. We've talked extensively about all the efforts underway to close supply gap to make sure we've got locally relevant content across the board. And there's still a ton of work to do around the world but we do think that we're starting to see some good results there. Easter was a contributor factor as well and plays a decent role, especially in Europe. But overall, quite pleased with the execution there.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Justin Patterson with Raymond James.
Justin Patterson: I wanted to double click on Mark's earlier comments on the third strategic theme, leveraging the global platform. You've had many of these brands for a while. Could you talk more about why you're focusing on collaboration now? And any investment or conversely savings that you expect to realize around this? Conceptually, it seems like this could be a net benefit to conversion rates, marketing ROI and your local relevance initiatives.
Mark Okerstrom: Yes. Listen, we're super encouraged by what we're doing. And the real goal of this is that as we look across the company, we've just built some incredible technologies that exist throughout, some incredible capabilities on the marketing side. And aside from the fact that they exist, which is great, there is this huge opportunity for us to actually leverage that across the business. And historically, how we would manage this business was largely and essentially brand silos. And our belief is that by leveraging actually not just best practices, but really sharing the technologies across our businesses, it will actually be able to do things that none of us could do independently that make the product better for our customers and do so in a more efficient way. And the great thing is, if you take, for example, the Hotels.com post-stay review example that I mentioned, where they're using Brand Expedia's post-stay review platform, they got essentially a better product, better content, more features. And the team at Hotels.com that was working on that actually was able to go and work on something else that actually our customers can see as well. So it's one of these things where as long as you do it, as long as you do it right, you set things up the right way organizationally, you can get the -- sort of the magic of more effective and more efficient. I think for now, as it relates to brand strategy, we're happy with the brands that we have and what we're not saying is that we're doing some big consolidation effort. But what we're saying is that a lot of our brands have very unique value propositions. And there are ways where we can cross-sell amongst them and treat each other like essentially partners almost like third parties would do as opposed to being super focused on just competing with one another. And we think that is unlocking opportunities like the example I mentioned with respect to Vrbo actually putting Brand Expedia offerings available for Vrbo customers. So again, it's early in all of this, but we're very optimistic about what we can unleash across Expedia Group by doing this more effectively over time.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets.
Benjamin Wheeler: This is Ben Wheeler on for Mark. I was just wondering if you could please provide any commentary on the macro environment in Europe, travel landscape in terms of what you saw in Q2, maybe your outlook heading into Q3, any specific commentary on regions like the U.K. given delayed Brexit decision. And secondly, I think you mentioned in the comments about continued modest growth in room nights in the Vrbo for the rest of the year, is that relative to the 8%, meaning does that imply a deceleration or is this just kind of more of the same?
Mark Okerstrom: Thanks, Ben. With respect to overall macro, I think it's largely a continuation of the same. I mean we've been seeing for some time healthy RevPARs but a slowdown in RevPAR growth, healthy airline metrics but a slowdown in a lot of the key metrics and a slowdown in the growth rates. So I don't know if whether we're at the top or we've sort of reached the plateau, I think the longer we go down this road, the more it feels like we might be set for a softening period. But it's nothing that we would call out right now. With respect to Europe specifically, again, it was largely a continuation of the same thing, the U.K. softness that we saw around the initial, call it, drama around Brexit, really did subside a fair bit once they extended the date. I wouldn't say that it's back up to full strength. But it is better than it was. And then with respect to the rest of Europe, again, it seems relatively stable to us and there wouldn't be much change that we would call out.
Alan Pickerill: Yes. And Ben on the Vrbo outlook, as you know, we don't guide on room night growth. And so I don't want to be very specific here. I think for us, modest is not relative to any of the other quarters. It's just an objective term. And I would just encourage you to take a look at the recent trends across the business and come up with your estimates. But we're expecting modest room night growth and -- sorry, gross bookings growth, as Mark said, for the rest of the year until we get into 2020.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jed Kelly with Oppenheimer.
Jed Kelly: You're optimizing revenue pretty nice for Vrbo. Your commissions are still, I guess, smaller or lighter than what your competitors are. How much more room do you think you have to optimize for commissions? And then my second question, you're sort of seeing some larger companies start to get decent investments that are optimizing around Vrbo and some of the other alternative accommodation platforms. Do you ever think about investing in some of these platforms and just trying to get closer to your supplier base, particularly, as you think about growing internationally?
Alan Pickerill: Yes. Thanks, Jed. So on the revenue and the take rates for Vrbo, as you know, the team has continued to test and learn to adjust and optimize as we've moved through the periods. And that continues to be part of the story here. Where we've got opportunity, we'll test that out. And if it looks like it works, then we'll go ahead and take advantage of that. But we're trying to just make sure that we've got a real reason and tested way of adjusting those. And I think the take rate on a trailing 12-month basis is about 10.7%, revenue divided by gross bookings for Vrbo. I think our understanding is that the industry envelope there looks to be kind of in the 10% to 15% range. And so we'll continue to navigate kind of in and around there.
Mark Okerstrom: And then, Jed, with respect to some of the, call it, alternative accommodations, kind of, professionalized property management platform type things, and I think I know the ones you're talking about; we've looked at it from time to time. To be honest, it's not our core business. And so we have to date shied away from getting too deeply involved in it. I think some of them are interesting. We've never been a huge fan of exclusive inventory arrangements because we're not sure they're kind of sustainable over the long term for the asset owners and often those are the types of things that go along with platform like us investing in one of those type players. So I think do we -- have we thought about it? Yes. Have we done it? No. And listen, never say never. As we look forward, we're always interested in looking at interesting opportunities in the space.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs.
Heath Terry: I know there've been a lot of questions along the lines of advertising efficiencies, but wondering if you can give us a little bit of a sense of sort of what your view of the competitive landscape is. Obviously, you guys have been able to do a really good job of maintaining the kind of bookings growth that you have and getting marketing efficiencies at the same time, whereas across the rest of the space, we've generally seen a more negative impact to bookings or revenue growth from these efficiency initiatives. Just kind of curious, to the extent that you can give us a sense of what you feel like is driving that and sort of what role the competitive landscape plays there? Would appreciate that. And then to the extent that -- the headlines in recent days about the growth in metasearch and the hotel direct channel sort of leveraging that, how you're seeing your relationships with hotels, particularly, around things like, as we've asked about before, the loyalty rate programs and direct booking initiatives evolving, particularly, given Google's continued push into travel?
Mark Okerstrom: Thanks, Heath. I think with respect to ad efficiencies, there is one story that has been around for a while and remains consistent. And that is there is a large advertising channel in the space, which is Google, who on one side is an absolutely great partner of ours and we're very happy with our work with them on international expansion. On the other side, they are a big player in the space. And they continue to do what you would expect, which is try to optimize their revenue over time. And that means that SEO is getting smaller, traditional, SEM is taking up more of the page and traditional SEM is being replaced with metasearch type product. And that has an impact essentially on the overall industry. For us, and I won't comment on what others have done, our position is a bit unique, which is we have some incredibly strong brands and properties in certain parts of the world. And we can be very disciplined about our marketing spend in these performance marketing channels, and understand with pretty good levels of granularity, what is incremental and what is not, and just get much better at optimizing our marketing spend. You saw us do this last year and we continue to do it today. But on the flip side of that, we also have got a huge growth opportunity for us in that we just don't have the property coverage that we could have across the globe. And as we've ramped up our property acquisition efforts and started to add more properties onto the platform and have been able to enter new auctions that we weren't in before, we're able to build this growth factor underneath that essentially fills the gap that you might otherwise be created by the marketing efficiency or optimization efforts. And then it's not to say that there hasn't been some impact to the top line, I think there certainly has. But it has been offset by just the underlying growth factor that we're driving with a lot of our locally relevant, globally themed push. With respect to our relationship with the large chains, listen, I think it's a good. I think we've got -- and I would hope they would say the same thing; we've gotten to a point where I think we both realize that everyone brings something unique to the table. We think they do a lot of great things for the industry; they do a lot of great things for customer. And we do a lot of things that aren't in their wheelhouse. And so the conversation is really about how do we leverage each other's strengths and create shared value as opposed to some sort of tug-of-war fight. It's a conversation that we started a couple of years ago with our great chain partners, it continues today. And it's a conversation that we increasingly have been having with our airline and other partners as well. And we think it's absolutely the right way forward.
Operator: We'll hear from Eric Sheridan with UBS.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe two, if I can. One, there's been a lot of talk in the industry about getting more exposure to local and experiences and increasing basket size and sort of evolving the shopping experience for people on your platform. Maybe just give us a check-in on where you are on the asset front there? How you're investing against that opportunity? And then I just want to make sure I understood some of the key messages. As you look at maybe starting to reap some of the rewards from some of the investments on the hotel side from Europe, where could we expect you might make other investments globally to think about increasing supply and with it 6, 12, 18 months later possibly and hopefully increasing efficiency?
Mark Okerstrom: Thanks, Eric. With respect to experiences, just as a reminder, I think the last time we disclosed a number, we were north of $0.5 billion in bookings in terms of activities. The team, over the course of the last year or so, has really done a great job just reimagining the strategy there, building capabilities and starting to put us in a position where we can start to really ramp this up in a more effective way, and ramp it up in a way where we're adding more providers essentially to the platform at a faster pace. And on the other side of the platform, we're more intelligent about how we're offering it to people that have made bookings across the Expedia Group host of brands. So I think we got a big business. I think it can be a lot bigger. Very happy with the strategy we've seen in place from the team. And I think it's a great opportunity for us. And again, this is one of these products that just has a lot of potential, but in a big business like ours, where lodging ends up really in the roof, sometimes these things get underfunded. We are putting more capital into it right now and we're optimistic that it can be a bigger driver going forward. In terms of where else we can make investment to increase supply, listen, I think as we said on the last quarter or the quarter before, this whole locally relevant globally thing supply push, it has become business as usual. So the answer to your question is kind of everywhere. And we do have a road map in terms of where we want to go next. It's dictated by size of the untapped opportunity, ease of going after it, network effects between from country to country. And we're executing a pretty clear playbook here. And we think there is lots of opportunity in pockets all over the globe.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lloyd Walmsley with Deutsche Bank.
Christopher Kuntarich: This is Chris on for Llyod. Maybe going back to market said about your mix moving more towards international, as you guys start to get some of the traction with your supply acquisition efforts. Some of those markets are skewed more towards -- you'd call out that some of the markets are skewed more towards performance versus direct bookings. So maybe how should we be thinking about the growth at direct versus performance bookings on a global basis over the next 12 to 24 months?
Mark Okerstrom: Sure. Well, I think direct is a channel where it does continue to get stronger in our mature market. It's also something that gets -- it gets stronger in every market in which we focus on. And the only issue, if you can call it an issue, is that when you're going into these new markets, you're building brand presence, you're introducing yourself to customers, and then they have a great experience, and you deposit them into your direct channel going forward. Our app transactions, the last time we disclosed it, Hotels.com and Expedia were growing at 50% year-over-year last year. So it's working. But you do see essentially as you drive into these international markets, even though the spend that you're making most cases is basically profitable on a unit basis, is not as profitable as the base business. So when those international markets are growing faster than domestic, it just takes a while to get the overall international picture to look more like the domestic period. I mean, it takes multiple, multiple, multiple years. So we could see again, as we start to get traction, sales and marketing deleverage. But again, remember that in each individual country we're going after, the goal is to make sales and marketing get more and more efficient over time.
Operator: We'll hear from Brent Thill with Jefferies.
Mark Okerstrom: You there, Brent?
Brent Thill: Yes, sorry about that. Just on the comment about leaning into the share repurchase a little harder, can you just remind us what you have left on the plan? Where you're at it? I think that is the [indiscernible]. Can you just give us the recap of where you're at right now?
Alan Pickerill: Yes. I think there's a -- we've got an existing authorization of 12.2 million shares outstanding. So -- and I think the authorization is discussed periodically at the Board level. So it's not necessarily a gating factor in any event.
Operator: Ron Josey with JP Securities has our next question.
Andrew Boone: It's Andrew Boone on for Ron. I think Expedia transitioned Air to the cloud in 2019. Can you provide an update there whether you're seeing any additional benefits of cross-selling or conversion? And then secondly, I think you talked about car rentals now cross-selling on Vrbo. Could you just add any additional color on conversion or anything else you're seeing with kind of cross-selling on Vrbo?
Mark Okerstrom: Sure. So this year, we are putting ourselves in a position to essentially be capable of putting our entire lodging business essentially end-to-end and our Air business into the cloud. We're ramping up volume both on lodging and Air as we speak, and we're going to continue to do that through the back half of the year. I would say moving to the cloud on Air has the similar benefits that it does across the business, which is better resiliency, less downtime, higher speeds and then also it just unleashes a whole bunch of capabilities around AI and other things that ultimately need more elastic compute capability than is generally efficient to do within your own data centers that have fixed capacity. So again, it's -- we're in the process of rolling out the Air platform. We're putting traffic into the cloud. But we expect there to be a good positive story there as we have seen in the other parts of the business. With respect to cross-selling on Vrbo, what we've done is essentially as customers go and book their vacation homes on a Vrbo, they are presented with the opportunity to book a rental car or a flight or any of the other product or activity, any other products that Brand Expedia offers basically right there on the side. And it's branded Brand Expedia. And we've seen a good uptake of it. It's just makes things easier. Obviously, Expedia is a very trusted brand. And again, it's a really -- it's a great example of what we can do. But it's encouraging.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Tom White with D.A. Davidson.
Thomas White: I just wanted to dig into the international room night growth pick up a bit. I feel like maybe a couple of quarters ago; you sort of tried to maybe disavow a little bit of the notion that because some of these priority markets were smaller that we shouldn't expect that they were necessarily going to have a big impact on kind of consolidated room night growth. Is that -- is your view of that changing for some reason? Or is there kind of something else maybe helping out international as well? I guess, specifically I'm wondering maybe you guys benefiting from sort of moderating competitive intensity on some of the variable marketing platforms from some of your competitors.
Mark Okerstrom: Right. Well, the two major dynamics that have been happening in international room night growth over the last couple of years, put Easter aside, all these quarter-to-quarter movements, is that we have been adding incremental supply, lodging supply. That has really fueled incremental room night growth for the business. But the international markets that we're going into are markets where the metasearch channel is also pretty significant. So you've got basically a headwind on room night growth, which has been driven by what's been happening with the big metasearch platforms slowing down that again has been masking, if you will, the growth that we see underneath from us adding new inventory and executing on the locally relevant playbook. So as we move through the back half of the year, the trivago comps get a little bit better, And you started to see a little bit of that this quarter as well, not a ton. But in any event, those are the two factors. And once the trivago and another metasearch channel comps ease, we should be in clear skies.
Thomas White: Okay. Great. And actually one quick follow-up, if I may, just on the guidance. So if my arithmetic is right, it looks like kind of the implied second half growth rate of EBITDA is a bit of an acceleration versus the first half. But it seems like you guys have a bunch of sort of tailwinds that would be kind of helping you guys in the back half of the year. Alan, maybe could you just walk us through kind of the moving pieces to the guidance, and maybe what's changed as far as how you're going to do this...?
Alan Pickerill: Yes. Tom, if you are looking at Expedia Group in total, including all of the businesses and trivago too, which is the way we guide, then, the all-in guide assumes much faster growth in the first half than you would see in the back half. Now that is coming entirely -- almost entirely from the comps for trivago and just how their year is developing. So they're delivering healthy profits throughout the year. But they are delivering it on a comp of loss-making EBITDA in the first half of '18 compared to profits in the second half of '18. So that's the biggest difference. If you look at it excluding that, then you would see that the growth rates are in and around similar ranges first half to second half. Some puts and takes obviously in there, but not any real start differences.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Lee Horowitz with Evercore ISI.
Lee Horowitz: Two, if I could. I guess, on domestic, you've seen kind of steady room night growth, 8%, 9% over a number of quarters now. I guess, to what do you owe the stability of room night growth in your core U.S. market? And then one on international, if I could. Take rates have come under pressure a bit over the last couple of quarters, perhaps, as you've expanded into your focus markets. I guess how you're thinking about how take rates should evolve as you take share in some of these focus markets?
Mark Okerstrom: Thanks, Lee. Listen, the domestic story is essentially us just -- honestly, it's just executing on the playbook in the U.S. that we've had for a very long time. And that playbook results in share gains. It is us putting money behind our big brands and we have many big brands that are very relevant in the U.S. It's us continuing to innovate on product features and functionality as we have been doing. You can see the Brand Expedia app, for example, now versus what it was three or four years ago. It's just phenomenally improved. It's us continuing to add incremental lodging inventory, both just inventory that is traditional conventional lodging and there is -- there continues to be some of that, that we don't have and then also alternative accommodations. And it's us particularly on our multiproduct or multiline of business brands such as Brand Expedia getting much better at essentially cross-selling and bundling activity through features like the quasi-shopping cart type functionality that we've introduced over the course of last couple of years. So it really is the playbook for us and it enables us to grow faster than the market and we -- our goal is to -- for that to continue to be the case for a long time to come.
Alan Pickerill: Yes. Lee, and then your second question about our international revenue margins. I don't think there's any big story there. You're right that they have been kind of inching down over time. I think there is a couple of factors that play year. Overall product mix in international markets plays a role. I think mix between countries obviously can play a role because we don't have the same exact margins in every country. And in certain countries and areas, we do continue to make some minor adjustments here and there to our overall take rates with our hotel partners as we add the supply, making sure that we're going into those countries at market levels. But nothing major going on there.
Operator: We have a question with Mark May with Citi
Unidentified Analyst: This is Zach on for Mark. I believe Google recently made some algo changes in the May or June time frame so just curious what kind of impact you're seeing in your share traffic, if any, for both your Core OTA and Vrbo segments. And second, raising the low end of your EBITDA guidance, just curious if we look at any of the major expense items whether it be cloud migration or marketing. Have there been any significant changes relative to your initial plan you set out in the beginning of the year?
Mark Okerstrom: Thanks, Zach. With respect to the Google algo changes, this is just business as usual for Google and it's kind of business as usual for a large internet player. So there's nothing specific that I would call out from that. And then Alan, do you want to take the second one?
Alan Pickerill: Yes, I think the primary factors there is really around the fact that we've just had a strong start to the year. And we started the year with a wide range of 10% to 15%. Given what we've seen in the first half of the year, we're comfortable going to a tighter range and kind of taking the low end off the table. There are some factors that are at play here that can go either direction. Clearly, trivago's year is panning out as they had -- as they -- largely as they had expected and described at the beginning of the year. But it is still relatively new territory for them, so some variability there. FX and macro obviously can work for us or against us. There's this new digital services tax in France that when enacted is going to be actually a headwind for us in the back half of the year. And then lastly, we just -- in terms of our guidance, we like to maintain some of flexibility to make some additional decisions as we move through the year to make investments where we think are appropriate. And so we kind of consider all of that as we put the range together. But overall, I'd say we're really executing -- we feel like the teams are executing well, and we're pleased with the momentum that we've seen so far in the year.
Operator: That will conclude today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Mark Okerstrom, CEO, for any additional or closing remarks.
Mark Okerstrom: Great. Well, I'd just like to say again thank you for joining the call, and a huge thanks to all the Expedia Group employs around the world just for your continued dedication and hard work as we press forward on our transformation efforts. We've made huge progress. But I'm incredibly excited about the opportunity in front of us. With that, I'll turn it back over to the operator.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-02 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Expedia Group Q1 2019 earnings conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Michael Senno, vice president of investor relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Senno: Good afternoon, and welcome to Expedia Group's financial results conference call for the first quarter ended March 31, 2019. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by Mark Okerstrom, Expedia Group's CEO and president; and Alan Pickerill, our CFO. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, May 2, 2019 only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate, we are optimistic or confident that, or similar statements. Please refer to today's earnings release and the Company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You will find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the Company's Investor Relations website at ir.expediagroup.com, and I encourage you to periodically visit our IR website for other important content, including today's earnings release. Unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense and technology and content expense excludes stock-based compensation and depreciation expense. And all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2018. A reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA guidance to the closest corresponding GAAP measure is not provided because we are unable to predict the ultimate outcome of certain significant items without unreasonable efforts. These items include, but are not limited to, foreign exchange, returns on investment spending and acquisition-related and restructuring expenses. As such, the items that are excluded from our non-GAAP guidance are uncertain, depend on various factors and could have a material impact on GAAP results for the guidance period. In addition, please note that starting this quarter, we have renamed the HomeAway reporting segment to Vrbo. Finally, on April 15, Expedia Group entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Liberty Expedia Holdings in an all-stock transaction, which remains subject to approval by Liberty Expedia stockholders. With regard to the deal, we refer you to the Form S-4 filing made with the SEC yesterday. Note, we do not plan to take any questions related to this topic on today's call. Please refer to the information in the S-4 and the 8-K filings. And with that, let me turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Okerstrom: Thanks, Michael. We're pleased to come out of the gate strong in 2019 with robust profit growth and solid momentum. Now into the second year of our transformation, teams across Expedia Group are more aligned and collaborating more than ever as we execute against our key strategic themes, being customer-centric, being locally relevant on a global basis and speeding up the pace of innovation and execution. With these strategic themes serving as the foundation, Q1 saw a continuation of the operating momentum we built through 2018 in our core OTA segment. Q1 core OTA room night growth was healthy and, adjusted for the Easter impact, was a bit faster than we saw in Q4. We have a playbook in place and execution is continuously improving. Focused geographic expansion supported by rapid customer and partner-centric user innovation, locally relevant content, broad inventory assortment at excellent prices and disciplined data-driven marketing and investments add up to a formula that we believe can deliver sustained share gains and balanced growth for a long time to come. We remain pleased with our supply acquisition efforts, a key part of our playbook. Our elevated pace of new property acquisition continued in Q1 and we are on track to add a healthy number of new properties in 2019. We ended the first quarter with over 1.1 million properties on our core lodging platform, including approximately 460,000 integrated Vrbo listings as we continue to make progress unlocking the potential of our alternative accommodations inventory on our core OTA brands. As you have likely noticed, we refreshed the brand positioning of Vrbo. With high consumer awareness and brand loyalty, Vrbo is our strongest alternative accommodation brand and accounts for a majority of our U.S. business in the space. Vrbo will now be Expedia Group's primary global alternative accommodation brand and we intend to expand Vrbo to international markets in phases. We spent the last several quarters laying the groundwork for this shift. Although we are confident in our direction, our streamlining of brands and platforms has put increased near-term pressure on SEO trends, which has contributed to the deceleration we have seen in Vrbo's gross bookings growth. Despite this near-term slowdown, consolidating the bulk of our efforts behind the Vrbo brand globally and operating on a unified, world-class e-commerce platform will allow us to maximize our potential in alternative accommodations in the coming years. In addition to the refreshed brand, we launched several new product features, including Trip Boards, a customer-centric collaboration tool for family and friends traveling in groups. We also re-launched the mobile app to enhance the overall customer experience. We still have a lot of work to do, but these branding changes and new product features are all aimed at strengthening our competitive positioning over the long term. And we are optimistic that we can deliver healthy growth and remain a global leader in alternative accommodations for many years to come. Egencia posted solid double-digit room night growth in the first quarter, although FX had a pronounced negative impact on gross bookings and revenue given Egencia's significant international mix. This strong room night growth reflects benefits from our supply acquisition efforts and enhancements in Egencia's product experience that are driving an encouraging increase in our hotel attach rate. Continued innovation at Egencia, combined with a robust customer pipeline, give us confidence that we will continue to gain share in the corporate travel market. Trivago continues to execute well on their marketing optimization efforts, delivering strong profits for the third consecutive quarter. As Trivago discussed on its call yesterday, with its marketplace approaching stabilization and as they fully lap last year's changes and the team's plan to lean back into certain marketing channels, we expect them to return to revenue growth in the back half of the year and to deliver on their profit expectations in 2019. All in, we're pleased with our Q1 results and happy with the progress we're making against our key strategic themes. The opportunity ahead of us is large and our potential enormous. While we still have a lot of work ahead, we're carrying excellent operating momentum, which we intend to build on as we move through 2019 and beyond. With that, I'll turn it over to Alan.
Alan Pickerill: Thank you, Mark. Our 42% growth in adjusted EBITDA puts us on a good path early in the year. Excluding close to 300 basis points of negative FX to each, gross bookings grew 11% and revenue increased 7%. As expected, trends at trivago and the Easter shift negatively impacted revenue in the quarter. We expect revenue growth to accelerate in Q2 and remain healthy as we move through the year. Stayed room nights grew 9% in Q1 while FX drove ADR declines, resulting in total lodging revenue growth of 7%. In our core OTA segment, in addition to the healthy room night trends Mark noted, we also delivered solid adjusted EBITDA growth, especially notable given our usual first-quarter seasonality. Our balanced approach to marketing, along with benefit from strong performance in our direct proprietary channels, is contributing to the solid top and bottom-line trends over the past year, and our core OTA business is on track for another strong year in 2019. Vrbo bookings increased 5%. As Mark mentioned, the platform consolidation and brand streamlining related to making Vrbo our primary global alternative accommodation brand contributed to continued SEO headwinds. That, along with tough comps in performance marketing channels, were the primary drivers of the deceleration from Q4. We expect the slower gross bookings growth trends to persist in the near term as we work through these changes and lap the elevated performance marketing comps. We have good visibility on what we need to do to optimize our SEO profile on our new platform and expect Vrbo's gross bookings trends to improve later this year. Revenue at Vrbo grew 14% in the quarter with transaction revenue up approximately 25% and subscription revenue down 10%. As expected, adjusted EBITDA came in at negative $40 million given a seasonally light top-line and higher marketing investments in Q1. We plan to invest behind the Vrbo brand globally in 2019 as we position the business to drive strong growth over the long term. Total advertising and media revenue decreased 6% for the quarter, including approximately 500 basis points of negative foreign currency impact. Strong 23% growth from our media solutions business was more than offset by the declines at trivago. Air revenue was up 3% in Q1 with tickets sold increasing 11%, partly offset by a 7% decline in revenue per ticket. New partnerships at Expedia Partner Solutions and solid performance of Brand Expedia drove the strong volume increases. The decline in revenue per ticket relates to the negative foreign currency impact, a shift in product mix and a reclassification of certain fees to other revenue. On the expense side, we executed well on managing overhead costs in Q1 and saw a modest benefit from FX. While we anticipate adjusted expense growth will be above these levels going forward, we do expect to execute on the same formula, driving solid leverage on our fixed costs and strategically investing in marketing in order to deliver attractive profit growth. Cost of revenue grew faster than revenue, as is our expectation for the full year. Increased customer service costs at Expedia Partner Solutions and higher cloud expenses accounted for the majority of the increase. We forecast cloud expense growth to accelerate as we move through the year given the comps to last year and continued progress on our migration. Our full-year estimate for around $250 million in total cloud spend is unchanged. Total selling and marketing expenses increased just 1% in the quarter. trivago drove the leverage in direct selling and marketing and also contributed to a decline in indirect costs. Excluding trivago, direct selling and marketing increased 11% due to higher spending at Vrbo and brand investments in our Core OTA brands. Indirect selling and marketing expenses, excluding trivago, were down 1%, reflecting a benefit from foreign currency and comping over last year's supply acquisition investments. Technology and content costs grew 6%. We expect technology and content expense growth to pick up over the next few quarters and we continue to anticipate deleverage for the full year as cloud cost growth accelerates and we invest in product and platform enhancements. General and administrative costs declined 4% overall and were down 2%, excluding trivago. We are tightly managing our general and administrative expenses and seeing nice operational efficiency. It's also worth noting that we benefited from a couple of nonrecurring items that impacted year-over-year comparisons. We expect modest general and administrative expense growth the next few quarters and remain on track to deliver solid leverage in 2019. In general, we are taking a more disciplined approach to overhead expenses, which is comprised of the indirect selling and marketing, tech and content and general and administrative expense lines. Collectively, overhead was essentially flat in Q1, reflecting our focus on closely managing these costs. I noted a few factors that will result in overhead growth in the next few quarters such as higher cloud spend and product and platform investments, but we do intend to remain disciplined on fixed costs to make sure we deliver leverage on overhead this year and going forward as we scale the business. Moving down the income statement. Depreciation expense increased 6% while interest expense was down year over year. Those factors, along with our strong adjusted EBITDA growth, led to a 41% improvement in Q1 adjusted EPS. Last month, we were pleased to announce the deal to acquire Liberty Expedia Holdings which, in addition to simplifying our corporate structure and governance, will enable us to reduce our share count by 3.1 million shares We see this as an efficient and attractive outcome that aligns with our goal of reducing our share count overtime. Overall, though it's still early in the year, we're off to a good start in 2019 and continue to expect adjusted EBITDA growth of 10% to 15% for the full year. We expect a combination of improving revenue trends, efficient strategic marketing investments and a disciplined approach to fixed cost to drive that growth. And we are confident that executing that same formula while progressing on our key strategic initiatives will leave us well-positioned to deliver sustainable top and bottom line growth into the future. Operator, we're ready for our first question.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Justin Post with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post: I'll ask two. First, with Vrbo decelerating, how do you think you're doing in the category? Do you think the category has really decelerated and that's part of it? Or is it really company-specific issues? And then secondly, a lot of questions out there about your hotel take rates with some of the bigger hotel deals. It looks like they were stable at 9% room night growth and 9% revenue growth ex FX, but could you talk about that? And do you expect any impact on your take rates in the back half?
Mark Okerstrom: Listen, with respect to Vrbo, not V-R-B-O, Vrbo's deceleration, yes, listen, I think it's largely company-specific factors. If you take a look at the place where we are actually focusing our effort, which is the Vrbo brand in the U.S., that business was up nicely double digits and growing healthily. And really, what's causing the deceleration is a combination of the brand streamlining we've been doing, the re-platforming we've been doing, as well as just more difficult comps. So the underlying fundamentals of the business we think remain strong. 2019 is going to be one of these years though until we get the SEO trends moving in the right direction from pulling some of these replatforming moves and we can really start investing much more aggressively on the urban opportunity, on the international opportunity, that we might just see some moderated growth rates here for a number of quarters and until we move to the back part of the year. With respect to hotel take rates, listen, we have been very clear that with respect to, particularly our large global chains, that we were done resetting our compensation rates. That is, in fact, the case. And I would just say that the overall dialogue with our global chain partners has just become significantly more constructive over the course of the last couple of years. I think that we have all recognized that we all play a unique role in this ecosystem. It turns out this Internet thing is here to stay and the big global marketplaces and platforms, of which Expedia Group and travel is kind of one of the biggest ones, we're here to stay. And we have a lot of value to create, but also our partners who deliver incredible customer services and unique products, they have a lot of value to bring, too. And so the dialogue has shifted away from us versus you and how do we redivide this pie toward how do we actually expand the pie? How do we actually create new sources of value and both participate in that in a way that is accretive to both of us? We're super pleased with the way that that has gone with virtually all of our global chains. We're very pleased with the Marriott arrangement that we made. I think they are, too. And I'm hopeful that this is a sign of things to come across all of our global partnerships across all of our product categories.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney with RBC.
Mark Mahaney: OK. Two questions. One, just the usual one about geographic regions. I know last quarter you called out some -- a little bit of concern over Europe, especially in the U.K. Just give us an update there, please? And then you also talked about revenue improvements in the back half of the year. You know that stuff always gets me going. You talked about -- is that more than just the comp issue related to the timing of Easter in Q2? Are there other reasons why revenue growth should accelerate or improve as we go through the back half of the year? Just lay those out.
Mark Okerstrom: Sure. I'll take first one and then Alan will take the second one. On Europe, we did call out on our Q4 call that we were seeing some weakness in outbound U.K. travel and inbound U.K. travel. That really was something that was a theme for the quarter. I think as April unfolded, it was really hard to tell with the Easter timing. Certainly, as the Brexit date has been extended out, there are, anecdotally, reports of better economic activity in the U.K. and we're hopeful that will translate into better trends, but it was a factor in the quarter. With respect to the rest of Europe, I would say, generally, it looks stable to us. There's always puts and takes from time to time, but it generally looks good. And I think we're going to get a good read here in May and June as we move into the high season, how things are generally looking out, but so far, so good.
Alan Pickerill: Yes. And Mark, on the reasons to think about revenue trends in the back half of the year, there's a couple of things that are very applicable to Q1 and the first half, and those include the impact of foreign currency. That becomes less of a headwind as we move through the year. Obviously, Easter is only a first half phenomenon. trivago, as they said and as we believe to be the case, they'll be on more normalized footing in terms of their revenue in the back half of the year. And so we expect to see easing impact on our revenue and obviously even some growth. The other thing I'd say is just that the core OTA business is performing quite well. We're pleased with the trajectory there. We do continue to do a lot of work around adding inventory and making sure that we're locally relevant. And we think that's going to continue to have impact on the business and we're optimistic about that as well. So I mean, I think those are some of the factors.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Sheridan with UBS.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe a couple, just following up on Justin's with Vrbo. When we think about the marketing investments you made starting in '17 through '18 and now, are you starting to see a yield or return on those investments? Or is the rebranding of the platform now and unifying it under one brand going to sort of hide or mask those improvements? And how should we think about those getting pushed out? And then secondarily, it sounds like your expectation now is that business will stay relatively moderate through this year and recovering until the very end. When you strip out some of the headwinds you're seeing in the business, what do you think the underlying market and your business are growing ex the headwinds you're facing so investors have a better sense of what we're trying to track back to in terms of a comp against the headwinds we see now?
Mark Okerstrom: Yes, sure. I think the marketing investments that we made in '17 and '18 were largely in two primary buckets. One was really ramping up our performance marketing efforts as we transition the business from being a listings business to being a real transactional business. That created a great opportunity for us to really build best-in-class capabilities there. We're very pleased with the results that we've seen, but as we went into the first quarter, we started to lap really the big push there. And so that was a moderating factor on growth, but it is still a source of growth. The other place was that we started to concentrate particularly our brand investments against the, at that time, the VRBO brand, now the Vrbo brand. And again, we saw really strong returns for those investments. And in fact, some of those investments were some of the rationale for us choosing Vrbo as the primary global brand. We were running one television campaign with essentially the same creative, one with Vrbo branding and one with HomeAway, and the Vrbo brand just performed multiples of the performance that we saw with the HomeAway version. And that, along with a bunch of consumer research globally, really drove us to pick that brand. And you can see the results that I mentioned earlier that we are seeing in the Vrbo brand, solid double-digit growth. And I think that's a testament to the marketing investments, but also just the whole consumer experience improvements that we've made in the Vrbo division generally. And really, the story here is that the things we've done to de-prioritize certain brands, to consolidate platforms both on the consumer side and also on the partner side, are masking some underlying strength and goodness in the core Vrbo brand. I think in terms of what is the steady state for this business, this is a highly popular category. It's definitely growing faster than the overall industry. I think that Vrbo, at real steady state and certainly if we look at the trends that we see, again, against the Vrbo brand here, should be able to grow gross bookings, I think, at multiples the Vrbo brand here, should be able to grow gross bookings, I think, at multiples of the rates that it is right now. It may take us a while a little bit -- it takes a little while to get clear of that as we move through the year, again, because of these other factors, but we think this is a growth category, not only on Vrbo, but also as we move more of the inventory on to our core OTA brands. We think this remains a very attractive category and a very attractive opportunity for us for a long time to come.
Operator: Our next question comes from Naved Khan with SunTrust.
Naved Khan: Just a couple. I guess, on the Vrbo side, as you sort of consolidated the HomeAway and Vrbo just under Vrbo and lead with that, how do you address consumer retention and loyalty, those who might have been coming directly to HomeAway and now you're out, I guess, in a bigger fashion with Vrbo? And then secondarily, maybe on just the core OTA, how should we think about this gap between ADR versus revenue per night over the next one to two years?
Mark Okerstrom: Naved, on the customer retention question, our intention right now is not to shut down HomeAway, but rather just to focus a lot of our marketing and other innovative efforts on Vrbo. So the expectation is that the loyal customers of the HomeAway brand, of which there are many, will continue to enjoy that brand, but on margin, we'll take the bulk of the new customers against the Vrbo brand here in the U.S. and globally. And then, of course, as we get into this, we will probably look at ways where potentially we can incent customers, whether or not it's from HomeAway to Vrbo but certainly with respect to some of the other regional brands in international markets, really start to introduce them to the Vrbo brand in a way that is nonthreatening and gradually move them over.
Alan Pickerill: Yes. Naved, on the revenue per room night versus ADRs, I think the factors there are, as we've discussed before, loyalty is one. And loyalty costs are recorded as a contra revenue. And as long as our loyalty channel is growing faster than the rest of the business, that will be a net difference between revenue per room night and ADRs ongoing. FX is a component too, but we don't read too much about that because it would come out in, over time, in the wash. There are other factors in there that ebb and flow, things around customer refunds if there's particularly inclement weather. Again, those are things that tend to ebb and flow over time. In terms of the core margins, I think the only things I'd mention is just that in terms of our global chain, contracted margins, we feel like we are where we need to be and we're providing value for the rates that are being charged. We are constructive, as Mark mentioned earlier, with our partners and try to look for ways that we can add value there, but we don't expect big changes in our contracted rates with our global chain partners. In there too, there could be some mix factors over time. If we're growing in particular countries where the economics are different than they are for the rest of the business, that could have an impact as well, but that, again, should be generally around the edges. We've talked about a gap in the 200 to 400 basis point range. It's been a little bit narrower than that these last couple of quarters, but there's nothing really changed significantly in our thinking about that gap and how to think about it.
Mark Okerstrom: Yes. The only other thing I would add to that is we do have a couple of programs that we're seeing great traction on that could aid in our overall monetization and also aid our partners. One is the Accelerator program where we're just getting significantly more sophisticated in providing our tools partners to essential -- our partners tools to essentially get higher placements in the sort order to drive more incremental volume where they want to get it, when they want to get it. And that is something that is getting increased traction. We're happy to see that. And of course, we do have our TravelAds product, which shows up in ad and media, which is also getting strong traction. And you can see that show up in our advertising and media revenue. But I think, as Alan said, I think we feel good about where we are in terms of our margin trajectory. There will be various puts and takes, but we think we're in a good spot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brent Thill with Jefferies.
Brent Thill: Alan, you mentioned a more disciplined approach in expenses. I'm just curious if you could give us a sense of kind of where you're seeing the greatest efficiency this year maybe where you didn't have that last year. And for Mark, just a follow-up on Mahaney's question on Europe. In the quarter, was Europe worse than what you had expected? Or did it decelerate from what you saw in the fourth quarter? I'm just curious, the trajectory that Europe is on from your perspective.
Alan Pickerill: Yes, Brent. So on the first question, I think there's a couple of things to call out. One is that we are -- one of the things we're trying to do, and a lot of our overhead costs are people as I'm sure you're well aware, is just to be very strategic and purposeful about where we're hiring, why we're hiring and make sure that's focused on the most strategic and value-add areas of the business. At the same time, we are looking across Expedia Group and the teams, in fact, are looking across the Company for opportunities where we can better leverage the technology and assets and get some efficiencies there as well. And I think we're starting to see some of that benefit as well. This was kind of a something that we started really focusing on late last year and I think we're starting to see some benefit now. I was careful on the prepared remarks to say we don't expect the same level of growth that we saw in Q1 for the full year. We have some investments that we are making. We are doing some hiring. And so don't expect to see those same levels in the rest of the year, but we do expect to get leverage on fixed costs and overhead as we move forward.
Mark Okerstrom: And on Europe, I'd say Europe was broadly in line with our expectations, grew broadly in line with the overall rest of the business. We did see nice growth in the domestic markets of most of the major markets probably with the U.K. as an exemption. So that would be the one thing I would call out. But broadly, it was in line with our expectations and, like I said earlier, broadly stable from what we can tell.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Kopelman with Cowen and Company.
Kevin Kopelman: So I wanted to ask another question about your supplier relationships and take rates on the air side. So can you talk about how you're approaching your dispute with United Airlines and what's going on there, and more generally with your air partners? And how do you expect those negotiations to impact your metrics and financials?
Mark Okerstrom: Sure. So I think, listen, on the air side of things, it's really a tale of two cities. On one side, we've got some very strategic partners that not unlike our global lodging partners, over the last couple of years have really started to work with us on a much more constructive basis, recognizing the value that we bring, the value that they bring and all of the different areas that we can work together to add more value. Honestly, that is probably where the majority of our U.S. carriers are, including the big ones, the competitors of United. And to give you a sense of the breadth of places where we are working together, if you look at the traditional distribution business, the ticketing business, that has evolved significantly over the course of the last five years. Not only are we significantly larger than we've ever been, we've got huge audiences in the hundreds of millions of visitors and customers that we can showcase brands to and showcase products to, but increasingly it's become a very cost-efficient channel as consumer credit card fraud has become an issue, as automation and customer service has become an issue. And if you look at our major carriers, in many cases, we are driving billions and billions and billions and billions of dollars of revenue for them at the same time as doing it with lower fraud cast -- in fact, on fraud protection, we're covering that for our partners. For customer service, we're covering that for our partners. And that can add up to tens, if not more than that, millions of dollars per carrier. We also have great partners like American Airlines where we're working on ways to actually help them reduce their customer service costs. And again, this is just kind of the beginning of things. We're also working with, again, American Airlines on thinking about ways where we can be creative around upselling from economy or basic economy up into higher fare classes. But if you look across Expedia Group, there is more. We've got -- our strategic partners are using our advertising platform to target specific customers, to showcase the unique differentiators that each of our carriers bring to bear. Air Canada has done some really incredible things on this front in conjunction with our MeSo or Media Solutions team. Our Expedia Partner Solutions business drives the hotel portion of many, if not most of the major carriers' dot com websites, including providing them with packaging technology. That's been a really area of value creation. And our Egencia business, fourth largest corporate travel business in the world, has got preferred relationships with the likes of Delta, who's doing some super creative things around status matching, targeting meetings, business and being part of a preferred program. The other new thing I would say is that over the last year or so as we transitioned really into more of a platform company, we found new ways to use our real time review data to help our airline partners understand how they compare with their peers on customer service items, things like check-in experience, in-flight experience, in-flight entertainment, all of these things and enable our partners to drill down literally to the root level and understand how they're performing versus their peers. We've also started working with partners to help provide them with some of our forward-looking demand data for revenue management. And I think, honestly, we're just getting started. So I think when you look at all of that and you think about what our more sophisticated players are doing in the airline space, I just think there's tons of opportunity for us to create value with United with all of our other carriers. I think we're about five months out from contract expiration. We've always been very excited about having this type of discussion with United. But listen, at the end of the day, this is a platform. It has market level economics. And to the extent that United, for whatever reason, decides to go a different direction, no one of our carriers represents more than 1% of our revenue. We've got very strong relationships with our real lead carriers in the U.S. Our customers shop at Expedia because they're largely carrier-agnostic and certainly we have a lot of experience with what happens when we have certain outages or not. But when I look at the value that can be created by expanding the pie as opposed to focusing on dividing it, I think for both strategic and economic reasons, I would find it completely bewildering if United decided to not engage in that discussion. But at the end of the day, they've got to make their choice and we will just move on. And I think United's competitors would be very happy with the outcome, but I think it would be value-disruptive to both of us, and that's not a place where we particularly want to end up. And I suspect that they really, in their heart of hearts, probably don't want to end up there either.
Operator: Next question comes from Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs.
Heath Terry: Mark, just kind of curious, I mean, we're obviously in a moment in time as it relates to the way that many of the companies in the OTA space are creating marketing efficiency goals and the ROIs that they're trying to target within their advertising. We talked about it before. You guys have clearly been a beneficiary of this. We saw this obviously in trivago's numbers yesterday and your results today. Curious if you have a view on how stable this environment that we're in is and to what extent having other competitors for keyword buys, retargeting buys, pulling back from the market has sort of benefited Expedia's profitability or growth and what your expectations for that are going forward. And just merchant side of things, well, I completely understand and have seen in your numbers that the take rate or commission piece of this has been relatively stable. We've seen in prior negotiations, structural changes, things around pricing parity and last room night availability. I'm just curious to the extent that you can share with us or give us some direction whether or not you're seeing the hotel partners or Expedia pushing for certain structural changes within the operating agreements that you have with your hotel partners.
Mark Okerstrom: Yes. I think, Heath, on the marketing efficiency side, I wouldn't say that we are at steady state right now. I think we're currently benefiting from what has largely been a step change in our approach and some of our competitor's approach to marketing. And I think we will, as we move through the back part of this year, get to more normalized levels where we've got the non-incremental spend out. We understand with much more accuracy what our returns are and we can start to lean back in, in a more disciplined way. So again, I think we're not quite there, but I think it's been a good benefit, I think, for all of us. Obviously, it has been a headwind on revenue because even inefficient marketing spend does generate some revenue. And we're looking forward to the back half of this year, not only for our core OTA business, but also for trivago to essentially start from this new base and start really pushing into efficient, balanced growth on a much more regular basis, on a go-forward basis. I think as it relates to our relationships with our big chain partners, there's nothing specifically that I would call out. I think, again, the general theme for us has been let's find new ways where we can tailor our arrangements to better match the value that ultimately these partners get from our channels. Let's find ways through programs like Accelerator, programs like TravelAds to give you more control around getting the volume when you need it. And I think beyond that, we are looking at other unique ways where we can work together beyond just powering packages and doing other unique things that leverage our platform capabilities. But it's not really one thing. It's really -- we're really trying to be very flexible and tailor our approach on a strategic partner by strategic partner basis.
Operator: Our next question comes from Deepak Mathivanan with Barclays.
Deepak Mathivanan: So first for Alan. Alan, regarding your comment on revenue acceleration in the back half, can we read the commentary as applicable to the room nights as well? And then secondly, on Vrbo bookings growth, I realize the headwinds from comps and the SEO issues from brand consolidation, but is the benefit of online bookability penetration gains fully achieved at this time? And also, considering the scale of marketing investments, is it smaller compared to what you are doing at last year? Wondering about this kind of deceleration in the face of ongoing investments.
Alan Pickerill: Yes, Deepak. On the room night, I mean, there are definitely some connections between my comments on revenue and room nights. There are things like Easter being a first half issue is comments to both. I think one thing we've talked about before is that from a room night growth perspective, trivago at meta generally and trivago specifically has been a reasonably meaningful headwind for us on room night growth as we've pulled back and as they've kind of reset the business. If that goes according to plan and they start to normalize in the back half of the year, get back to growth and just by virtue of the comps that we have there, that should start to ease and we should see some benefit from that in the back half of the year. We will have lapped the -- a lot of the marketing optimization that we did in 2018. And so I think that can have an impact as well. So definitely some connection between the revenue and the room night trends that we'll be seeing there. And as I said before, we're quite happy with the core business. It continues to just basically hum along. And so we think that will be as good or better as we move forward.
Mark Okerstrom: I mean, Deepak, on Vrbo, listen, the team, over the course of the last three years, has done just an exceptional job of getting a big book of offline business online. I think what you're seeing right now is getting to some of those harder yards associated with getting that offline and online starting to actually reach a flatter part of that penetration curve. I think that's absolutely happening. But again, the real story on gross bookings and online gross bookings deceleration has really been around these platform changes that we've made that has taken some of that business because it was offline and maybe we've lost it to other parts of the industry and, of course, platform and brand streamlining as well. So that's really been the story. And then in terms of marketing investments, I think we're still pleased with the return that we're seeing at the marketing -- with the marketing investments. I think the story there is, again, we're just lapping over something that went from 0 to 60 pretty quickly and now we're at cruising altitude.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony DiClemente with Evercore.
Anthony DiClemente: I had two. How much of the performance or the strength that you saw in the quarter outside the U.S. is being driven by improvements as a result of the property supply growth and acquisition that you've embarked upon in Europe and other areas and any corresponding marketing around? I'm just trying to get a sense for how much of the strength is sort of year two or that as opposed to better stability in the macro environment. And then my other question is just in terms of Vrbo and the investments there. I know that you're trying to compete in urban and international and growing supply in urban and international. And so -- but just wondering, is the goal to drive consumer engagement with those newer listings primarily on Vrbo? Or to what degree are you thinking about integration of those listings on Expedia.com as well?
Mark Okerstrom: The new inventory that we've added is performing very nicely. I think though it's really just part of the overall formula, which is adding new inventory, making sure that inventory is actually selling through, through good, solid disciplined performance and marketing and then having much more locally relevant user experiences, getting content right, getting translation right, making sure we've got local payments. So I think it's a combination of all of those things really starting, again, starting, we're still early stages here, starting to show some real promise in terms of better customer engagement and repeat rates and more efficient growth. And we're hopeful that we can just keep this going. As we mentioned last quarter, we really have ruled this effort into business as usual. We are targeting a broader set of markets here in 2019 in addition to continuing to improve in our initial wave one markets. With respect to Vrbo in terms of where we're investing and the goals in terms of driving consumer engagement with alternative accommodations, I think it's really going to be a combo of driving Vrbo and expanding it globally as a really best-in-class single product type focused player and then also bringing that inventory on to our core OTA brands. Our core OTA brands have incredible urban demand already. In general, they've got very strong and actually strengthening international demand footprints. So I think in the initial stages when we add new properties -- alternative accommodations properties, having integration on to the Core OTA brands is going to be a big boost, but we have no question that Vrbo with their unique user experiences, their focus on family and friends, the collaboration tools that they're building that are truly unique and best-in-class, we have no question that Vrbo does have the potential to be a real strong growth driver and generate real strong customer loyalty in its own right both here and the U.S. and then importantly, in international markets and really extend it back into the urban markets on its own.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lloyd Walmsley with Deutsche Bank.
Chris Kuntarich: Yes. This is Chris on for Lloyd. Maybe a few, if I can. We've seen some of your peers migrate away from the traveler fee model. Just curious how disruptive a change like that would be for Vrbo and if you think industry forces would really kind of move you in that direction. And then we've seen a little bit of news lately that some of the hotel brands are starting to compete in the vacation rental space. And was just curious if that inventory is something you guys would expect to get on the platform and how those take rates would look relative to a like your core lodging business. And then maybe one on your Add-On Advantage product. I think it's been about a year since you guys have rolled it out. And I was just curious if you could give us an update on what markets that product is currently in, some of your early learnings there and maybe how we should be thinking about the program rolling out to additional markets and the potential integration of other products like vacation rental into it.
Mark Okerstrom: Sure. On the traveler fee, Vrbo is in a fortunate position in that they've got the complete menu of monetization options between traveler fee plus subscription and traveler fee plus pay-per-booking, pure pay-per-booking model. And they're really looking at trying to find ways where they can match the monetization model with the inventory type, what the supplier is interested in doing, what consumers are willing to do. So I think any sort of migration to or from the traveler fee is something that essentially Vrbo is very well equipped to handle and is, in fact, driving a lot of these changes and testing itself across its own supply base. In terms of the hotel brands competing in the VR space, certainly we have seen that. The recent announcement by Marriott is not particular -- it's new for them, but we have had other players, including the core, be active in this space. I think it's super interesting. I think that the alternative combination space is one that is right for some degree of professionalization. If you look at the big hotel operating companies and chains, boy, they are really good at this stuff and really providing a great guest experience. So I think, generally, it could be a really good thing for the industry to add this type of professionalization to the space. And I think we're very hopeful that we can help our partners as they develop these new inventory types just like we have with all of their other ones, help them to get them to market and get them in front of the right consumers and at the right time. With respect to Add-On Advantage, it's alive here in the U.S. It has been for a while. We have rolled it out to a number of international markets. It has been pretty darn successful here in the U.S. It's been moderately successful in other parts of the world. But getting this right is a combination of two important things. One is getting the product right. And the product is super compelling. Buy a product and then ultimately you can add other things to it over time. It incents people to essentially get these bundled deals. And then, of course, once they've got everything in one place, it's super easy to change and cancel. We can handle everything at once. We update itineraries. I mean, the value proposition is there and the product is really getting significantly better over time. But the second piece, of course, is merchandising and marketing. And that's where the team continues to experiment with Add-On Advantage and does that resonate with consumers in other parts of the world as much as it does in the U.S. But like everything, I mean, we are just continually testing. We're continually striving for better. We like what we see go far -- so far. We know the product is super compelling and we're just evolving the way that we market it over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley.
Brian Nowak: I have two. You guys are a very data-driven company, sort of very analytical. I guess, could you sort of talk us through some of the main KPIs that you're watching in the markets where you've rolled out the new inventory and the new supply you've added over the last couple of years just so that investors would kind of get an understanding for the merits of your investments sort of paying off. What are you watching and what are you seeing in these markets? And then, Mark, can you talk to us about the way you think about loyalty, the importance in sort of investing in loyalty program to potentially build a stickier customer base?
Mark Okerstrom: Sure. So as you can imagine, being a data-driven company, we just look at a ton of KPIs in terms of success, but let me just give you some highlights. Really, at the core of what we're trying to do here is be locally relevant. And locally relevant is a piece of customer centricity. So how do you measure that? Well, we take a look at customer repeat rates and try to understand, are we creating more sticky products with what we're doing in terms of everything, from inventory acquisition to being more locally relevant? We're looking at does adding more inventory give us access to new customers as we add essentially new destinations with real competitiveness, new keywords, new metasearch placements. We're taking a look at room night growth. And importantly, we're taking a look at domestic room night growth and saying, hey, are we actually driving incremental room nights? Or are we just shifting share among our partners? We're taking a look at marketing efficiencies. And importantly, we're also taking a look at -- for the partners that we add, are we driving bookings to them? Are we becoming more relevant for them? So those are just some of the metrics that I would call out. I would say that, generally speaking, in all of these markets, the metrics are moving in the right direction. We're learning as we go. We don't get everything right, but it is a constant optimization effort. And as you can tell from us baking this into business as usual, this is absolutely the right way to go. In terms of loyalty and the importance of building that, building a stickier customer base, listen, I'll just say that we're strong believers in the fact that the best loyalty program is an incredible product and that we are dead focused on providing a customer-centric product, a locally relevant product. And that is the core focus. But we do believe that our loyalty programs, the Hotels.com program stay 10 nights, get one free is super additive to that story. In addition to having a great product that Hotels.com does have, it adds that extra thing that is a real value and a real differentiator for them. And I think for the Expedia, the Brand Expedia program, the Orbitz program, also similar stories. They're very focused on building a great product, but again, that caret of moving up the loyalty tiers and getting better status with maybe a bit better treatment, a bit better amenities when you show up at the properties are all just little things that make the product just a little bit different, a little bit more differentiated and ultimately we believe can turn into better customer share of wallet and better customer retention over time.
Operator: Our final question will come from Stephen Ju with Credit Suisse.
Stephen Ju: So I wanted to dig in a little bit more on the SEO headwinds you called out for HomeAway from the brand consolidation. Our recollection from back when HomeAway was an independent company was that this was an issue that they had to navigate slowly. So are the headwinds you're calling out, I guess, a more rapid pace of brand consolidation you have put in, so at some point you just have to comp these? Or are you consolidating the sites one at a time into mainly Vrbo?
Alan Pickerill: Sure, Stephen. So I would say SEO headwinds for every player in the Internet have been a story for a long time. Google is absolutely taking free and moving it to paid and moving from paid to more qualified like they're during in hotel ads products. What we've done with Vrbo though, of course, has been on top of that. And Vrbo and essentially HomeAway and all of the brands that they've had internationally traditionally been actually quite dependent on SEO. And as we have consolidated platforms, it has changed essentially the linking structure of those brands and ultimately resulted in bigger headwinds for them. In some cases, there are places where we can recapture this. I think in Vrbo, for example, the teams have got great playbooks in place. And even as Vrbo has changed platform structures, we're marching up. We're seeing good metrics and there are signs that things are moving in the right direction. But with some of these brands, some of these regional brands, it will be something where, by and large, we're just going to have to comp it and lap it over time. And we'll move past this. Again, we're a long-term player. We're very much focused on building great brands and building great customer relationships and growing them internationally. We're backing Vrbo as the primary brand and we're optimistic that Vrbo has got a long runway ahead of us and it will move past some of these transitional issues like we're seeing with SEO.
Operator: And at this time, I would like to turn the conference back to Mr. Mark Okerstrom for closing remarks.
Mark Okerstrom: Great. Well, a big thanks to all of you for listening today. I especially want to thank all of the Expedia Group employees around the work -- around the world for your hard work this past quarter. I'm just incredibly impressed with the collaboration that's happening and the progress I'm seeing across the Company. I'm just so excited about what we can achieve together. I look forward to speaking to all of you next quarter. And with that, we'll turn it back to the operator.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentleman this concludes today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-07 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Expedia Group Q4 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Michael Senno, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Senno: Good afternoon, and welcome to Expedia Group's financial results conference call for the fourth quarter and full-year ended December 31, 2018. I am pleased to be joined on the call today by Mark Okerstrom, Expedia Group's CEO and President, and Alan Pickerill, our CFO. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, February 7, 2018 only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate, we are optimistic that, or similar statements. Please refer to today's earnings release and the Company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You will find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the Company's Investor Relations website at ir.expediagroup.com, I encourage you to periodically visit our IR website for other important content including today's earnings release. Unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense and technology and content expense exclude stock-based compensation and depreciation expense. And all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2017. Finally, a reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA guidance to the closest corresponding GAAP measure is not provided because we are unable to predict the ultimate outcome of certain significant items without unreasonable efforts. These items include but are not limited to foreign exchange, returns on investment spending and acquisition-related or restructuring expenses. As such, the items that are excluded from our non-GAAP guidance are uncertain, depend on various factors and could have a material impact on GAAP results for the guidance period. And with that, let me turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Okerstrom: Thanks, Michael. We were pleased with our overall financial performance for 2018. Not only did we deliver excellent financial results that exceeded our expectations, but we also moved into execution mode on the transformational strategy that we laid out at the beginning of the year. As part of that strategy, we articulated three key themes: Being locally relevant on a global basis; being customer centric; and speeding up the pace of execution and innovation across our platform. We enter 2019 with solid operational and financial momentum and an organization more focused and aligned than ever before. I'm truly excited about the opportunities ahead as we have only just begun, harnessing the true power and potential of our platform. For 2018, full-year gross bookings grew 13%, reaching nearly $100 billion. We increased stayed room nights 13% and revenue was up 12%. Our solid execution on marketing optimization led to even faster profit growth with adjusted EBITDA increasing 15% and adjusted earnings per share up 35%. We delivered these results while at the same time making strategic investments in several key initiatives including our cloud migration and accelerated pace of supply acquisition. On that note, our team added approximately 200,000 new properties to our core lodging platform in 2018, roughly double the amount added in 2017. We ended the year with over 1 million total properties including over 370,000 HomeAway listings now integrated into our core platform. We continue to make solid progress in our priority markets. While we still have more work to do both on the supply and product side to be truly locally relevant for customers in these markets, we saw positive signs as we moved through the year. We expect to build on that momentum as we head into 2019. And we remain confident that as we drive deeper supply coverage, deliver a more locally relevant product and layer in brand and other marketing efforts to increase awareness, we can accelerate both the top and bottom line growth in these markets over a multiyear period. This focused market approach is now our standard international expansion strategy, and we plan to continue investing in the normal course of business. HomeAway posted healthy financial results for the full year with revenue increasing 29% and adjusted EBITDA up a robust 43%. Total online bookable listings increased 24% in 2018 to over 1.8 million, including over 1 million in instantly bookable listings, which we think will provide a nice boost to conversion over time. Given the attractive growth prospects, we plan to keep investing significantly in this business in 2019. That includes additional performance in brand marketing for HomeAway and VRBO as well as laying the ground work to pursue the significant urban and international opportunities that we believe can unlock the next leg of growth for the business. We remain focused on positioning HomeAway and Expedia Group to capitalize on the significant long-term opportunity in the alternative combination space. And we believe we have a long runway of healthy top and bottom line growth ahead. Egencia delivered solid results in 2018, growing gross bookings 14%, revenues 16% and adjusted EBITDA 13%. The sales team continues to sign new business at a healthy pace, and we're investing in customer service and product to further differentiate Egencias offering. We're optimistic we can continue to take share in the managed corporate travel space while delivering attractive profit growth over the long term. trivago is making nice progress on adjusting its strategic focus, posting strong profits for the second consecutive quarter. The team is executing well on the shift to better balance revenue and profit growth. And as outlined on the call yesterday, we expect trivago to carry its operating momentum into 2019. Overall, our team achieved a lot in 2018, making solid progress on our transformation while delivering excellent results. I'm impressed with the high level of execution we exhibited across the Company, and I'm optimistic we can carry that in to 2019 and beyond. The travel market is as competitive and as dynamic as ever, but the opportunity is large. And we're confident that by continuing to execute our strategy, we can deliver exceptional products and services to our customers and create value for our partners, resulting in share gains, healthy growth and attractive returns for our shareholders for a long time to come. With that, I'll turn it over to Alan.
Alan Pickerill: Thanks, Mark. We finished the year with another strong quarter, growing gross bookings 11%, revenue 10% and adjusted EBITDA 17%. Total lodging revenue grew 10% on stayed room night growth of 11%. Across our Core OTA segment, growth in both lodging revenue and stayed room nights were essentially in line with Q3 as we continued to execute on appropriately balancing healthy, quality, top-line growth with profitability. When analyzing room night growth, keep in mind that our focused international strategy involves building supply depth in key markets by pushing into secondary and tertiary destinations. As a result, we're adding smaller properties than we historically have and alternative accommodations are growing portion of our overall property mix. We expect that pattern to continue going forward and therefore expect room right growth to be less correlated with property growth than in the past. Based on what we've seen, we believe the increasing depth and breadth of our supply will drive better conversion and higher customer repeat rates, leading to improved marketing efficiency over time. At HomeAway, gross bookings growth moderated to 15%. The deceleration was primarily due to slower international trends, headwinds in SEO and ADR growth continuing to normalize. HomeAway's revenue and stayed room nights each increased 20%. Total advertising and media revenue increased 9% for the quarter. Our Media Solutions business continued to perform well, growing 28% in Q4, partially offset by declines at trivago. Air revenue grew 18% with tickets sold increasing 10% and revenue per ticket up 7%. We saw solid contributions from Brand Expedia and Egencia, as well as some benefit from Expedia Partner Solutions new partnership with Chase Ultimate Rewards. Similar to the prior few quarters, air revenue also included a modest benefit from the reclassification of distribution fees from contra-revenue to cost of revenue. As a reminder, this change is neutral to profitability, and Q4 is the last quarter it impacts our results. We continued to drive leverage in the overall P&L, delivering over 100 basis points of year-over-year adjusted EBITDA margin expansion in Q4. In the quarter, cost of revenue grew slightly slower than revenue. That includes continued impact from our cloud migration and the accounting change related to the reclassification of air distribution fees, which combined, contributed over 300 basis points to cost of revenue growth. Total selling and marketing and direct selling and marketing expenses each increased 7%. Leverage on direct expenses was largely driven by the ongoing marketing rationalization efforts at trivago. Excluding trivago, direct selling and marketing expenses grew 14%. That was faster than the past few quarters due to increased spending at HomeAway and higher brand marketing investments across some of our Core OTA brands. Indirect selling and marketing growth decelerated in Q4 as we started to comp against the hiring ramp to support our supply initiative. Technology and content costs continued to deleverage. Although growth came in a bit lower than expected at 16%. General and administrative expense growth further decelerated from the past few quarters, increasing 8%. We also continued to leverage below the line in Q4 with depreciation expense up only 2% and net interest expense down year-over-year, while our adjusted tax rate came in at 24%. Those factors along with a lower share count, led to strong adjusted earnings per share growth of 49%. We expect adjusted EPS to grow faster than adjusted EBITDA again in 2019, as we continue to see leverage on our below the line item. Excluding CapEx investments for our new headquarters, free cash flow grew 7% in 2018 to $1.3 billion. That came on top of 46% growth in free cash flow, excluding headquarters in 2017. The shift in timing of a couple of significant payments benefitted 2017 and negatively impacted 2018. Normalized for that timing shift, growth would have been more balanced across the two years and faster than adjusted EBITDA growth each year. Our business continues to generate attractive free cash flow, and we see an opportunity to improve our free cash flow conversion in the coming years. In terms of capital deployment, we returned nearly $1.1 billion of capital to our shareholders in 2018, primarily through share repurchases, along with our quarterly dividend. In total, we bought back 7.7 million shares for $903 million, our highest amount in any year since 2007. In addition, we deployed $186 million on acquisitions and strategic investments. Going forward, we intend to continue prudently balancing opportunistic M&A with returning capital to shareholders. Turning to our financial expectations for 2019. We expect total adjusted EBITDA growth of 10% to 15%. We expect the seasonality of our adjusted EBITDA growth to follow a similar pattern to 2018 with pressure on adjusted EBITDA in Q1 and the large majority of growth coming in the balance of the year. One factor to keep in mind is that Easter fully shifts into Q2 this year, creating a drag on consolidated first quarter stayed room nights revenue and profit. In addition, as a reminder, we invest in selling and marketing to drive bookings ahead of the busy travel season with lodging revenue recognized at the time of the stay, which peaks in summer months. This trend will continue to be even more pronounced at HomeAway due to its longer booking windows, and we expect that to result in an increase in losses in Q1 for HomeAway this year, compared to last. For the full-year at HomeAway,. as Mark mentioned, we intend to continue investing back into the business, including brand and performance marketing to position HomeAway to capitalize on the significant long-term opportunity we see in alternative accommodations. We expect the increased investment levels to result in slower adjusted EBITDA growth for HomeAway in 2019 with the returns coming over time. Turning to our expense expectations for 2019. We expect more significant deleverage in cost of sales compared to 2018. The key drivers are the increased investment in cloud, customer operations costs related to new details at Expedia Partner Solutions and HomeAway shift to become merchant of record on more of its transactions. We also forecast tech and content expenses to deleverage due to higher cloud cost as well as continued investments in product enhancements and platform initiatives across the Company. In total, we currently expect cloud expenses to increase from $141 million in 2018 to around $250 million in 2019. Excluding cloud expenses, adjusted EBITDA growth would be approximately 400 basis points higher. We project total selling and marketing expense to leverage again in 2019, mainly reflecting the cost rationalization efforts at trivago, which will have a bigger impact on the first half of the year. Excluding trivago, we will lap the marketing optimization benefits we recognized in 2018 as we move through the year. Overall, we intend to maintain a balanced approach, strategically investing in both performance and brand marketing where we see opportunities to drive good returns over time while continuing to look for areas to optimize spend. Meanwhile, we expect solid leverage on the general and administrative costs line. Looking below the line, while we continue to receive additional guidance related to the U.S. tax reform, we currently expect our adjusted tax rate to be in the low 20% range. Overall, I'm pleased with our performance in 2018 and believe we're entering 2019 with good momentum, leaving us well-positioned to deliver solid growth this year and for years to come. With that, operator, we're ready to take our first question.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Mark Mahaney.
Mark Mahaney: Thanks. Hey, Mark, you talked about these three factors that were driving -- or maybe Alan, the three factors that are driving the gross bookings deceleration. Could you just go through those again in a little bit more detail? One of those was lower international trends. And then, one other big picture question. I always like the slides that you put out. And the one that shows this huge opportunity in the market, and one of the things that's glaring about that is how small your share is in EMEA, Asia Pacific and Latin America versus what you've been able to do in North America. Could you talk a little bit about how you can increase shares? Is there a different strategy that you can use to increase share in those three, in EMEA, Asia Pacific and Latin America? I know its a broad question, but it's one of that interesting takeaways from those slides. Thank you.
Mark Okerstrom: Thanks, Mark. Ill have Alan answer the first one; I'll take the second part.
Alan Pickerill: Yes. So, as far as HomeAway's gross booking trends are concerned, I think the first thing I would just talk about is just level setting on kind of what's happened with that business over the last three years. And when we bought the business, just remember that 100% of their business was essentially offline gross bookings. And so, we've gone through this transformation at HomeAway, turning it into a true travel e-commerce player and pulling gross bookings online. And so, obviously, when you do that, you're going to have a tailwind associated with a book of business that previously had been booked offline that's now being booked online. And that transformation has been quite successful, gotten us up to about $11.5 billion of online gross bookings for HomeAway in 2018 and shown pretty strong and healthy growth over that period. We did see some deceleration in 2018 as we went through the quarters, and I mentioned that as far as Q4's results are concerned. I would just point out a few factors there. One is that the international business, we did some things last year that did pull gross bookings online. And we're comping over those things that we did, while at the same time, having international not be extreme focus for the team. International will be more of a next leg of growth for us along with urban. And so, that's gone from something that did create a bit of a tailwind to something that's now not contributing that much growth to HomeAway's overall gross bookings. The second factor is we do have SEO headwinds. And what I would say there is we stood up a proper search engine marketing team in the past years. They have done quite well and are driving significant growth and healthy growth in gross bookings. But, at the same time, HomeAway is going through a period where they've got pressure on their SEO trends. And that's creating a headwind for them. This is something that all travel businesses have had to endure. I would say HomeAway is coming through that at a later date than some of the other ones because of the transition of their business, but it is creating a headwind. The last thing I would just say is that the ADR contribution, historically we had some periods where ADRs were a bigger contributor to gross bookings growth. That's because we had some larger properties coming online first and those were coming on at high ADRs and so it was driving a nice tailwind there. We still are seeing growth in ADRs but it's moderated and not quite as big of a contributor. But overall, I would just say that we're looking for HomeAway to be a good healthy grower over a long period of time. We're very happy with the transition that we've been through in the last three years. We think the market that the business is in is large and growing. And we've not even done anything really significant in the urban, we've not done anything very big in international. And we think those things will provide kind of the next phase of growth for HomeAway.
Mark Okerstrom: And then, Mark, in terms of our approach to international, it's really encapsulated in this first pillar of the three-part transformational strategy we laid out at the beginning of the year, which is the concept of being locally relevant on a global basis. We've been able to build up an incredibly strong position in the U.S. and in Canada and few other markets around the world, largely because we've delivered an incredible service, a service where everyone knows Expedia, Hotels.com, Orbitz, Travelocity are places where they can come, where they have all of the inventory in terms of lodging choices, increasingly alternative accommodations in the case of Expedia, crews, car, activities, flights. You can find them all at one place. There is great content. It's in your local language. You can use your payment types. You pay us now or you can pay us later. And then, if something goes wrong, we'll help you sort it out. And that's just an incredible customer experience. So, for the U.S. customer, for the Canadian customer, we're truly locally relevant. Outside of those countries and again a few others, we haven't concentrated on building incredible products. Weve been, up until 15 months ago, going with really much more of a land-grab strategy where we were expanding simultaneously in 30 to 60 countries around the world, depending on what brand you're looking at. And even though we would have got there over a long period of time, it would have taken us a long period of time. So, the approach now is really this focused strategy. Weve talked about the Wave One markets. And it's a focused strategy, making sure that we have incredibly easy-to-use websites that have great descriptions and photos, all translated into local tone and voice, promotional offers that talk about things that are locally relevant in a similar way that we do in the U.S. We've got all of the lodging and other inventory available on our sites. We've got local payment types. And then, we layer on good marketing with locally relevant messages, both in performance marketing and brand channels. And that's the recipe for success. And we have seen, again, very encouraging results in our Wave One push. It's a multiyear journey when we prioritize these markets. But, now, based on the historic data that led us to pursue this strategy, based upon the results that we've seen so far with the progress in 2018, this is now business as usual. And we're just incredibly optimistic that that $1.7 trillion travel opportunity, based upon where we can go geographically, where we can go by segment across leisure, corporate, offline travel agencies, powering airlines, et cetera, we're very comfortable that all of that to us, it looks very addressable.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Eric Sheridan with UBS.
Eric Sheridan: Maybe two, if I can. Following up on there. As you continue to sort of ramp marketing investments behind the opportunity you see, can you talk about maybe some of the experiences you've had about shifting in and out of different channels on the marketing side, definitely leaning in more on branded and direct, what that does for ROI for the platform of the medium to long-term? That's number one. And then, number two, wanted to understand maybe some of the background or rationale behind the proposed or negotiation that's going on between yourselves and Liberty Media, just so we can put that in the context of broader capital allocation? Thanks, guys.
Mark Okerstrom: Sure. So, in terms of marketing investment, I think we've spoken a fair bit about our marketing rationalization approach and what we were upto in 2018. And what we've done is essentially been able to get much more sophisticated in our ability to understand what type of marketing is truly incremental versus just shifting bookings from one channel to another, and also trying to get much more granular in the way that we -- essentially by marketing, not only in performance marketing channels, but also in other channels, like television and digital video. That has enabled us, I'd say just to get smarter in terms of understanding where we want to put our marketing dollars. I would just say that as we have done that, we have observed that in markets like the U.S. where we have an incredibly strong products, where our mobile applications are excellent, our customers find us than in many cases where we are less aggressive in certain performance marketing channels. Our customers find us by either downloading our app through some of those placements, or if they've already got the app, just booking on there. And you'll see, we put a disclosure in our investor deck, which talks about our app transaction growth on Hotels.com and Brand Expedia, which was up 50% year-over-year in 2018. So, we've found that -- again, in places where our product is excellent and where we are truly locally relevant that our customers find us. And it's allowing us to be much more efficient with our marketing spend. So, the strategy going forward again is to build a great product in all of these focus markets, and then follow-up that with exactly the same strategy. Performance marketing, I guess in prudent levels to support the strategy, to support the growth. And then, when we've got a truly best-in-class product, layering on more brand spend. With respect to Liberty, we did file an 8-K, I would just refer you to that. There's not a lot more that we can say at this time. All right. Next question, please?
Operator: We'll take our next question from Kevin Kopelman with Cowen and Company.
Kevin Kopelman: Can you give us an update on the ad ROI environment? And also on room nights trends, as you comp against the ad spend rationalization last year, are you expecting to see nights accelerate? And then, lastly, how will Easter impact the room nights in the first and second quarter? Thanks.
Mark Okerstrom: Sure. So, I'll take the first couple and then Ill have Alan talk to you about Easter. So, in terms of ROI, I'd say nothing remarkable for us. I mean, we have been again quite focused on optimization. And what that does is allows you to drive essentially better ROIs. As you mentioned, there are some situations where we were driving room nights that we're in some cases unprofitable, because we were dealing with averages. And in those cases some of those room nights go away, and they get dispersed to the broader market. That has been a headwind on our room night growth in 2018. Trivago itself has been a headwind on our room night growth, certainly third quarter and fourth quarter as well it was a headwind. In terms of whether that's going to result in acceleration, it's really hard for us to guide you on room nights, because obviously we have dynamic market. We just know that we've got to a very clear strategy and focus, and we hope to deliver very-healthy room night growth and top-line and bottom line over the long time to come. Alan, do you want to talk about Easter?
Alan Pickerill: Yes, just briefly, Kevin, last year, we had talked about the impact we saw of Easter moving partially into Q1, and we said it was about 150 -- we estimated it to be about 150 basis-point benefit to Q1. That would be the range of what we would still expect to see this year. The only thing I'll say, it's a bit of a nuance. But, the impact is usually a larger impact to the first quarter, because it's a smaller quarter in terms of total room nights and a slightly smaller impact on Q2, because it's a larger quarter. But, that's the range to think about.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Justin Post with Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post: Thank you. Going back to last year, it seemed like pretty conservative EBITDA guidance and you exceeded that. So, congrats on that. Just wondering about this year's guide. It seems more aggressive with marketing leverage. And just wondering if you've added any cushion in there for potential Google changes or potential actions by your competitors after a lot of people really did pull back last year? And then, secondly, on the international bookings, I think you exited the year 11%. Maybe just give us some progress update on some of the new international markets, and if you're seeing traction there, and if there is the change that could accelerate? Thank you.
Alan Pickerill: Thanks. Justin. This is Alan. So, as far as guidance, I don't want to add too much color. I'd say just as regards how 2018 developed, some of the things that turned out in our favor relative to our expectations coming into the year were trivago, certainly their full year performance compared to where we thought they were at the beginning of the year is quite improved. Clouds turned out to be a little bit lower than we have originally anticipated. We did have solid execution across the Core OTA business, so that helped. Mark spoke just a few minutes ago about the benefit that we saw from some of this marketing optimization provided some good tailwind. And we also just undertook to make sure that we had good fixed cost control and overhead control. So, all of those helped and kind of explain the difference between where we started the year and our expectations and how we delivered. In terms of the guidance going forward, I would say, we feel comfortable with the 10% to 15% range. Some of the main factors in there are of course trivago, trivago's performance. They guided on their own. So, you can take a look at the contribution they're expecting to provide. We do have a headwind associated with the increased investment in cloud spend. But, we're expecting good solid contribution across the core business. And I can't really get into like whether there were things in there factored in for specific marketing channels or anything like that. But, those are some of the main factors to think about.
Mark Okerstrom: In terms of international growth. Listen, I think, one thing that we do expect to see in 2019 is we should see a larger contribution to our lodging revenue, essentially from the new properties that we added through 2018 because we were ramping them up through the year. Whether that's enough to actually drive acceleration in those markets, its hard to tell. As a reminder, in a number of these international markets, were much more reliance on performance marketing channels like trivago, like other metasearch players. And those players have -- I think as youve seen with trivago, have been in a position where in some cases qualified referrals have been down year-over-year. So, that is a headwind that is disproportionately hitting those markets in terms of their growth. But, the underlying fundamentals look strong. And absent those impacts, again, we would expect those markets to deliver a better contribution and significantly so in 2019 than they did in 2018.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Anthony DiClemente with Evercore.
Anthony DiClemente: I had a question about in the slides, you talked about the headquarters and the CapEx spend 425 to $475 million in 19. Can you just talk about to what degree is that incremental versus 18 CapEx? And then, just had a question really about the macro outlook in Europe. I know others have asked about international, but some of the traditional tour operators, like Thomas Cook for example are calling for a tougher growth outlook. You havent mentioned macro conditions in Europe and the expectations for 19. So, any more color on the environment would be helpful there. Thank you.
Mark Okerstrom: Great. I'll take the latter and Alan can talk about headquarters.
Alan Pickerill: So, Ill just give you some additional data points on the headquarters. Cumulatively for the retrofit and the additional build through the end of 2018. We had said just under $300 million, about $190 million of that was in 2018. So that will go up to, as you mentioned, a range of 425 to $475 million in 19; and then a range of 135 to $185 million in 2020; total projects in the neighborhood of $900 million plus or minus.
Mark Okerstrom: And then, in terms of the macro environment in Europe. Id say, there's a ton of uncertainty there. Certainly, we watched and heard Thomas Cook's results and some of their commentary, Bank of England has taken their growth outlook down; I think Germany has expressed similar concerns. We have seen a drop off in UK flight bookings, both outbound as well as inbound. We expected uncertainty around Brexit and just overall uncertainty in Europe. So. I think, we are cautious on Europe. The great thing with our business though is that first of all, we're very global business. And so, we're broadly diversified across all of these movements. Generally, people do continue to still travel in economic downturns. They often just take shorter trips, they stay closer to home, they do often trim their budgets. But,. if you look at how that has actually played out for us over history and particularly, if you look at 2008, 2009, one of the world's largest global financial crises ever. We actually had some of our strongest core profit growth in across those years. And ultimately, what we see is, essentially weve got more unused capacity with our suppliers, based our discounting into our channels, consumers get great deals. And maybe they change their travel patterns but ultimately they still take their trips. So, we're somewhat countercyclical. But, I think, again, the travel market exited 2018 in a very stable and healthy state, near record highs, and occupancy, air tickets growing, ADRs still going up. I think as we sit here right now, particularly as we look at Europe, there is a little bit more uncertainty in the air.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Lloyd Walmsley with Deutsche Bank.
Lloyd Walmsley: Thanks. Two if I can. First, just can you guys perhaps give us an update on what percent of your business is direct versus acquired? I think, it was about two thirds direct at the Analyst Day you guys held in 2016. So, wondering if you can just give us an update there. And then, I guess, as you look to HomeAway and investment, how do you think about balancing marketing investment and the core business kind of ski and beach, whole home versus urban and international? It sounds like you're starting to think more about those markets, but it seems like there may be more competition there. So, how do you think about the Company's competitive advantage as you look to expand into those markets?
Alan Pickerill: Yes. Lloyd, this is Alan. On your first question, you're right. We did in an investor deck, investor presentation, gave that roughly two-thirds presentation. And we were essentially, just for those that maybe haven't seen it, we were essentially indicating that roughly two-thirds of the business comes from direct/proprietary channels, including things like email, loyalty programs, branded SEM, direct type-in as examples. We don't have an update for you on that today. We continue to look for good balance in growing new customer acquisition through some of the paid search channels, such as Google and other metasearch players, while at the same time providing great products and services, so that those customers will repeat. And then, as weve spoken about earlier, having a good mix of brand marketing, so that we can drive direct traffic. So, no update on the specific numbers for today, but we look for growth in both.
Mark Okerstrom: Yes. And I would just add to that too is that as you might expect, we essentially have two offsetting factors going on here, as we optimize our marketing spend. We are shifting in many cases more of our traffic over to our proprietary channels. You can certainly see that with the apps that we disclosed. But at the same time, as we get more aggressive in going into some of these international markets where we're less known, in those cases, we are really stepping on the gas in performance marketing channels, and that skews things the other way. So, I would think about it as an overall formula of the U.S. and our core markets where we're locally relevant, very, very strong direct proprietary channel bookings volume. In international markets, less so but always improving. And the playbook is essentially is to make them all look like the U.S. And we track those metrics very closely in terms of repeat customer usage, new customers versus existing, cost of customer acquisition, et cetera. And generally, we feel very good about the trends that we're seeing there. In terms of HomeAway, I think you use the word balance. We are absolutely going to balance. I think, the HomeAway team has shown the ability to be very-disciplined in their overall approach. Listen that the core resort and beach markets are highly important and HomeAway is very strong there. And those are markets that we just have to continue to support and invest in. But also, those are markets where -- that are performing quite well. And so, we have the capability to take profits from that part of the business and reinvest it in urban and reinvest it in international and essentially balanced both of things quite appropriately. I would also say that part of HomeAways urban and international expansion strategy is getting new property, signed up on to the platform. And not only marketing them to VRBO and HomeAway customers, but also providing them to Expedia, Hotels.com, market or brands that have already strong urban demand and have strong international presence, and increasingly stronger international presence as we expand more around the world. So, that's part of it as well. They're not doing this alone. They've got the power of the Expedia Group behind them.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Naved Khan with SunTrust.
Naved Khan: A couple for me. How should we think about the growth in ADR versus revenue per night? I think in the past youve talked about disparity of maybe 200 to 400 basis points. And then, if I just look at the international room night growth, there is a deceleration there. What drove that and how should we reconcile that with the focus market and the growth in those markets?
Mark Okerstrom: Yes. So, on the first one. Naved, we have spoken, as you said of 200 to 400 basis-point difference kind of expected in the rate of growth in revenue per room night relative to the rate of growth in ADRs. That has been the case for a while. We did see that narrow this quarter, which we were quite happy with. There's no major story there as far as a particular component. As we've discussed before, some of the things that impact that obviously are just our overall margins and our geographic mix. FX impacts can be in there, the impact of our loyalty program, any couponing and refunds that we do, play into that as well. But, we were happy to see it kind of more of on the narrow end this quarter, but no major change to the story. As far as the international room night deceleration, I would just point out two factors. One is, as I mentioned HomeAway. And we did see decelerating bookings, international bookings growth for HomeAway as we move through the year. And you kind of start to see that impacting the room night growth. We had done some things last year to move a lot of the bookings online. And we did some platform migrations that had an impact as well that we're comping over. The other bit is that trivago is an important channel for us internationally as well. And with their reset and the fact that their volumes are essentially down, they're qualified referrals are down year-over-year, that has created a headwind for us in our room night growth. It became a headwind in Q3 and continued, and was a bit more of a headwind in Q4. We do expect that to continue in the first half of 2019 as well. The important thing is that we've been able to pick some of that up through other channels, but that is having -- that is a net negative for us.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking my questions, I have two. Understanding you've been investing in the sales force for Wave One sort of increasing the supply in the new markets, could you just sort of talk to us about sort of the incremental step up in the sales force investments as we go into 2019 to really capitalize on the next wave of markets? How we think about the dollar investment in headcount there? And the second one, just thoughts philosophically about ways to reaccelerate HomeAway overall growth. How do you think about essentially reducing consumer take rates or sort of making it more competitive and a more compelling offerings for consumers to drive faster growth at HomeAway?
Alan Pickerill: Hey Brian, it's Alan. I'll take the first question and Mark can handle the HomeAway question. Yes. So, we did talk a lot last year in 18 about the investment that we needed for our Wave One and to add the supply. It was -- the supply gap in those markets was significant and required a meaningful investment. We had talked about it being in the $50 million range for that first push. And so, at that time, we felt like it was appropriate to show the details. I think, at this point, we've kind of fallen into as Mark said, earlier kind of into more of a business as usual mode. We do have some additional wave markets that we're going to focus on in 2019. We've been able to consider the investments required for that within kind of the envelop of the guidance that we gave. And so, we're not inclined to detail out what that specific investment is this year.
Mark Okerstrom: And then, in terms of reaccelerating HomeAway growth, it's really the playbook that we've laid out. Urban is a big opportunity for them. International is largely an untapped opportunity. Theyve just really got the bulk of the international product now on the new platform, which we talked about last quarter. And they're working on optimizing those and honing their performance marketing capabilities in international markets. But, importantly now that they've got the business replatform in addition to just entering into new, call it categories or new segments, urban and international. They are very focused on front-end customer innovation, developing much better user experiences and planning tools. I think, you'll see increased pace of that type of innovation roll out here as we move through 2019. And they're also working on making sure that they reach customers and that investments that they're making in marketing are investments that really build the strength of some of the incredible brands that they've got in the portfolio. So, I think you'll see a little bit of more that and more to come on that in 2019.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Justin Patterson with Raymond James.
Justin Patterson: Great. Thanks so much. One on HomeAway. With the HomeAway business you've taken a very measured pace toward listing inventory on Expedia. With over 1 million instantly bookable properties on the site now, how are you thinking about stepping up that integration and optimizing conversion. And then, philosophically, is the consumer fee still the right approach for that business or are you open to considering other avenues? Thanks.
Mark Okerstrom: Yes. Thanks, Justin. So, with a 1 million instantly bookable properties, the opportunity is getting larger for us to do integration. I think, you'll see us pick up the pace here as we move through 2019. That's certainly the plan. And then, the goal is really to help customers pick between traditional accommodations and alternative accommodations, and really solve the kind of search and navigation process. The teams have been working on that a lot, 370,000 properties, it sounds like a lot. But in the grand scheme of the millions that are available and the millions that are on HomeAway, its really a small number. So, we've got enough on there to do testing; we're learning lots, we're learning lots about the type of content you need to really merchandise whole homes well and how that's different from lodging. We are going to -- you're going to see that be an increased focus for us, both on the full line OTA businesses like Brand Expedia, but also on Hotels.com as we move through 2019. But, we're happy with what we see so far. When we have this inventory, it is absolutely a conversion grower, more selection is absolutely the right thing to do. You just got to find the right way to merchandise it. In terms of the monetization method. Again, we are in the position where we've got every monetization method in on the plan and essentially in our manual options. We have pure supplier pay commission. We've got consumer fee with very low credit card fee for the supplier side. We've got subscription plus consumer fee. And really, we're experimenting with all of those monetization methods to find out which works, which works for customers, which works for the different supply types, whether it's whole home, whether it's urban, whether it's property managed, or by owner. And I suspect that you're going to continue to see us evolve that over time. We don't have the answer to what the exact right approach is at this point. But we suspect that it is approach that is closer to what we have right now, which is really a menu of options that we can tailor to suit the needs of both customers that are shopping for given market and the suppliers that are providing accommodation for those customers.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Deepak Mathivanan with Barclays.
Deepak Mathivanan: You guys achieved good leverage in performance marketing last year through your own optimization efforts. Obviously, some of that is going to moderate in 2019. But, at what point can we expect similar step-up benefit in the future, or looking ahead, is it going to be more of continuous iteration? And then, second question on the cloud spend. What should we expect the cadence to be this year? When do we have most of the assets fully migrated and the growth and expansion be in line with maybe revenue growth?
Alan Pickerill: Yes, Deepak. So, this is Alan. I would say on the marketing leverage, we are expecting to see leverage from trivago in 2019. We -- as we lap the significant optimization that we did on the core business, those will be difficult comps. And so, we don't think we'll see that same level of leverage in 19. So, the core business is looking for opportunities to continue to optimize, looking for opportunities to continue to find non-incremental or highly inefficient spend. So, there are some opportunities, but we don't expect it to provide the same level of tailwind in  19 that we saw in 18. As far as the cloud spend in 19, I don't want to give you kind of a quarterly cadence. I would say, we just continue on somewhat of a routine path. We're scaling up -- we have a fair bit of the shopping and booking traffic for the lodging stack in the cloud. We continue to scale that up. We've got additional components across air and the other lines of business to put into the cloud. It will just kind of continue to grow as we move through the year. If we go according to plan, then we'll have a good share of the compute in the cloud as of the end of 2019, but there will be more to move in 2020. And so, by 2020, we won't quite yet be to a just a normalized rates, but will be getting closer. And then, I would imagine without being too specific, when we get into 2021, we'll annualize the step-up in 2020 and be a lot closer to that just normalized rate and growing with the business. I should say too, though, that we are being -- we're trying to be very prudent and disciplined about the rollout to cloud. We test things very carefully, will roll things out and scale them back just to make sure that the customer experience is seamless and not disrupted. We also in 2018 undertook efforts to get a lot better and smarter about how to be efficient at deploying into the cloud. And that includes things like just making sure that you don't have duplicate instances spun off from the cloud that you're spinning up your compute only for the time that you need it and then pulling it back and other ways of making sure that we're being as efficient as we can. And I think we made some pretty good ground in that regard. I think, we've got a better overall process in place now that we did at the start of the year.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Stephen Ju with Credit Suisse.
Stephen Ju: Okay. Thank you. So, stepping back a little bit, Mark. You just announced that you have a 1 million properties on site with call it 630,000 hotels or so. So, from a selection perspective, you're probably where your competitor was about two years ago. And, I think at that point, they were through-putting what seems like two times the amount of room nights that you are now. So, it seems like your booking dollar should be much higher. So, can you talk about how cloud marketing and other products will all kind of tie together for you to raise the purchase velocity among the users that you have now? Thanks.
Mark Okerstrom: Yes. I agree with you. It should be much, much larger. And that is absolutely -- that is absolutely the goal. Listen, it is just the playbook. I mean, supply is just part of it. It's also about the overall product experience and the effectiveness of reaching customers. And that is the locally relevant, on a global basis, playbook. We're happy with the penetration that we have into our existing hotel base. We're watching very closely that penetration level as we add new properties. And we are happy with the increased level of penetration that we're seeing into the new properties as we ramp them up. But again, this is something that takes a little bit of time, particularly, if you take some of the European destinations, these are highly seasonal destinations. So, as you build up your loyal repeat customer base, you may not see them again until a year later. And so, it goes with the travel cycle. It's going to take a little bit of time. But again, we really like what we see. We think there's a ton of opportunity and that went to Mark's question at the very beginning of this call, and the playbook works.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we'll take our last question from Jed Kelly from Oppenheimer.
Jed Kelly: How much more the macro indicators factor into your guide, or how much do you build a cushion into your EBITDA guide for natural factors? And then, just on scaling HomeAway in the urban and more international destinations. Do you ever think about signing up exclusive relationships with property managers to get their inventory?
Alan Pickerill: Hey, Jed. It's Alan, I'll take the first one. Boy, it's tough to be super specific there. I would say that on balance, we're not -- we don't try to put ourselves in the position of being prognosticators of ultimate macro outcomes. We of course pay close attention to them as you all do as well. And I think as Mark spoke about earlier, on the one hand, we've come through a period where the macro looked pretty good. The hotel industry, the airline industry, they're all posting numbers through 2018 that look pretty good. But, listen, there's lots of discussion about Brexit and the impact on Brexit -- from Brexit. There's weather impacts, there's trade rhetoric and trade war potential. And those are really difficult things for us to handicap. We give a 10% to 15% range to give us some room. But certainly, if things really went off the rails, we wouldn't be able to predict that.
Mark Okerstrom: I would just add though that we do have a highly variable cost structure. And so, if top-lines weaken, certainly we've got a lot of discretionary spend items that were able to pull the lever. I would just go back to, again, the commentary around 2008-2009. This business is very resilient and able to adapt. In terms of exclusivity, great question. I think, we have never been big fans of exclusivity at the property level or at the building level or the property manager level. And the reason is, is when you've got hard assets that are -- have utilization factors, it seldom ends up being the right economic outcome and it can prevent a platform like ours from being essentially unbiased in a way that we treat essentially all of our partners and unbiased in terms of the way that we will always want to serve up the best product for our customers. So, absolute exclusivity has never been something were a huge fan of. It can be useful in very specific situations and situations where we have platforms that can drive a huge amount of demand and it makes sense. So, we'll look at it selectively, but it's not -- it's never been really core to our strategy. And really what we try to do is, generally speaking, is try to get unique offers, things like upgrades or things -- in hotels or things like special amenities or things like special rates or certain packages that not at the property level, but actually at the offering level are a little bit more unique. And we feel like that generally is a good path to get a similar type benefits that you might get with exclusivity without really compromising some of the desire to be neutral. But again, we look at it, this is not really a core part of our strategy.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, I would like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Mark Okerstrom for closing remarks.
Mark Okerstrom: Great. Thank you. Well, I just want to thank everyone for listening today. And a big thanks to all of the Expedia Group employees around the world, tons of hard work and great progress in 2018. I know you are as well, but I'm super excited about what we can do together in 2019 and beyond. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Senno - Expedia Group, Inc. Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc. Alan Pickerill - Expedia Group, Inc.
Analysts: Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co. LLC Deepak Mathivanan - Barclays Capital, Inc. Naved Khan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Jed Kelly - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Akshay Bhatia - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co. Thomas White - D.A. Davidson & Co. Ronald V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC Mark A. May - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC Robert James Coolbrith - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Expedia Group Q3 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Michael Senno, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Michael Senno - Expedia Group, Inc.: Good afternoon, and welcome to Expedia Group's financial results conference call for the third quarter ended September 30, 2018. I am pleased to be joined on the call today by Mark Okerstrom, Expedia Group's CEO and President, and Alan Pickerill, our CFO. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, October 25, 2018 only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate, we are optimistic that, or similar statements. Please refer to today's earnings release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You will find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the company's investor relations website at ir.expediagroup.com, and I encourage you to periodically visit our IR website for other important content including today's earnings release. Unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense and technology and content expense exclude stock-based compensation and depreciation expense. And all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2017. Finally, a reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA guidance to the closest corresponding GAAP measure is not provided because we are unable to predict the ultimate outcome of certain significant items without unreasonable efforts. These items include but are not limited to foreign exchange, returns on investment spending and acquisition-related or restructuring expenses. As such, the items that are excluded from our non-GAAP guidance are uncertain, depend on various factors and could have a material impact on GAAP results for the guidance period. And with that, let me turn the call over to Mark.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Thanks, Michael. We continued to build on our operational and financial momentum in the third quarter, posting strong top and bottom line results. At the same time, our organization is focused on executing several key initiatives that underpin the three strategic themes I shared this time a year ago: being locally relevant on a global basis; being more customer-centered; and speeding up the pace of execution and innovation. While we are still in the early days of this journey, I'm pleased with our progress to date. We're collaborating across the company more than ever, and the organization is aligned around clear objectives, squarely aimed at unlocking the full potential of our global travel platform. As we continue to push forward on these strategic priorities, we're optimistic that they will result in sustained growth and share gains in this massive travel market for a long time to come. In the third quarter, we grew gross bookings 11% and revenue 10% year-over-year. Adjusted EBITDA increased a very strong 29%. Our brands are making nice strides, optimizing direct marketing spend, balancing quality topline growth with profitability. That approach was evident in both our strong adjusted EBITDA growth and solid 13% increase in total lodging stayed room nights. We continued to see very good execution on our supply acquisition efforts. We added 40,000 properties to our core global lodging platform in the third quarter, bringing our total property count to approximately 595,000, excluding HomeAway, a 46% increase compared to Q3 last year. Year-to-date, through the third quarter, we have now acquired over 150,000 properties and remain on pace to directly acquire at least 180,000 new properties for the full year. We also integrated 100,000 additional HomeAway listings onto our global lodging platform for the quarter and now count over 895,000 total properties in our core lodging portfolio. Our concerted efforts to push into our priority markets continued to show promise. We still have a lot of work to do, but we are pleased with the progress. We continue to add properties and work through everything it takes to be locally relevant in these markets. In addition to adding properties, our teams are laser focused on refining our product by enhancing areas like language translation and localized content, all aimed at making sure we provide a great experience for customers in each and every market. As a reminder, this year's just the beginning of our new operating model calling for a much more focused approach to global expansion. We expect this new approach to drive better performance in the coming years as we improve our supply position and product in these initial markets and extend this strategy to other key geographies in 2019 and beyond. HomeAway delivered strong results, posting more adjusted EBITDA in the third quarter than it did in all of last year. That's a tribute to the tremendous progress the HomeAway team has made in transforming the business in the few years since our acquisition. As we prepare for the next phase of growth at HomeAway, we want to welcome the teams at Pillow and ApartmentJet to the Expedia Group family. We see the addition of these unique software platforms as a key step in establishing the foundation that will help embolden HomeAway and Expedia Group's urban expansion efforts in the coming years. Overall, the HomeAway team is executing very well and is on track for a great 2018, and we see a long runway ahead in the growing alternative accommodation space. Egencia continued its strong top-line trajectory with gross bookings increasing 14% and revenue up 10% in the quarter. With a strong sales pipeline and leading product offering, we believe Egencia can continue to take share in the managed corporate travel market for many years to come. trivago delivered significant improvements in adjusted EBITDA in the third quarter as it executed on its operational shift to focus more on profitability and began to see slightly easier comps. The team is making good progress in adjusting its business model to reflect the new industry dynamics, and we're optimistic trivago can continue to deliver performance improvements going forward. In closing, we are pleased with our execution and the results to date, and I'm extremely impressed with how much our team has accomplished so far in 2018. While we still have a lot of work ahead, we are confident that our new strategy combined with rigorous execution will translate into attractive growth for many years to come. With that, I'll turn it over to Alan.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia Group, Inc.: Thanks, Mark. We delivered another strong quarter, balancing solid top line trends with healthy growth in adjusted EBITDA. Total lodging revenue increased 12% on stayed room night growth of 13%. Excluding HomeAway, the gap in revenue per room night and average daily rate growth was on the higher end of the 200-basis-point to 400-basis-point range that we have discussed, in part due to foreign currency headwinds. HomeAway posted solid 24% growth in gross bookings, a deceleration from last quarter as we expected. Total HomeAway revenue increased 35% driven by over 50% growth in transaction revenue while subscription revenue declined 18%. Combined with leverage and operating expenses, HomeAway posted a quarterly record $209 million in adjusted EBITDA, up 66% year-over-year. With HomeAway's transition to an ecommerce business nearly complete, the combination of longer booking windows and a high concentration of stayed room nights during the summer months will drive increased seasonality in the P&L. Given that, as a general rule of thumb, we expect HomeAway to see pressure on adjusted EBITDA in Q1 and Q4 of each year with solid profit generation in the second and third quarters. Overall, HomeAway is headed for strong revenue and profit growth in 2018, and we are focused on driving very healthy top and bottom line growth for a long time to come. Total advertising and media revenue increased 1% for the quarter. Our Media Solutions business was up over 20%, mostly offset by the year-over-year decline at trivago. Air revenue grew 11% on 6% growth in revenue per ticket and a 4% increase in air tickets sold. Air revenue growth continues to benefit from the reclassification of distribution fees from contra-revenue to cost of revenue. As a reminder, this change is neutral to profitability, and Q4 will be the last quarter it impacts our results. We again saw leverage on overall costs with adjusted expense growth decelerating across each category, resulting in nearly 400 basis points of year-over-year adjusted EBITDA margin expansion in the quarter. In line with our expectations, cost of revenue grew slightly faster than revenue. Similar to the last few quarters, the deleverage is due to the aforementioned accounting change related to air distribution fees and higher cloud expenses, each of which added over 100 basis points to growth. Our cloud migration is moving along nicely and we continue to see some of the early operational benefits. As we discussed last quarter, we have improved our cost optimization capabilities and are judiciously scaling traffic on our cloud-based lodging stack to ensure a seamless customer experience. Based on our current trajectory, we now expect total cloud costs to be around $150 million in 2018. We continue to expect cloud expense to exceed $250 million in 2019 as we complete the lodging stack migration and shift focus to our air stack. Total selling and marketing expenses increased 3%. Direct expenses were roughly flat in Q3, largely driven by the marketing rationalization efforts at trivago. Excluding trivago, direct selling and marketing expenses grew 6% as we continue to benefit from improved marketing efficiency. Looking forward, we expect less direct selling and marketing leverage in the fourth quarter as we further lap the initial benefits from our optimization efforts and due to the seasonal timing of HomeAway marketing expenses. Indirect selling and marketing growth remains elevated due to increased head count associated with our supply initiative. For the full year, we now expect total adjusted selling and marketing expenses to grow slower than revenue. Technology and content expense grew 17% in the third quarter primarily driven by investments in our ecommerce platform and continued product innovation. General and administrative expenses increased 10% year-over-year, further deceleration from the second quarter. We expect G&A cost growth to continue to slow in the fourth quarter, but given the year-to-date increase, we now expect general and administrative expenses to grow slightly faster than revenue for the full year. While specific initiatives can occasionally drive it higher, we continue to expect to deliver nice leverage in G&A over the long-term. Depreciation expense was up 10% as growth continued to slow in part from the benefit of lower data center related CapEx. Net interest expense decreased year-over-year due in part to the redemption of our 7.5% coupon bonds that matured in August while our adjusted tax rate declined to 17% in Q3 due to continued benefits from U.S. tax reform. All told, our solid operational performance and leverage down the income statement combined with a lower share count led to a very robust adjusted earnings per share growth of 46%. Turning to capital allocation, year-to-date, we've returned a total of over $770 million to shareholders. That includes over $630 million in share repurchases, already our highest amount for any full year in over a decade. In addition, as Mark mentioned, we continue to opportunistically invest in strategic M&A with the acquisitions of Pillow and ApartmentJet. This is consistent with our approach to capital deployment, balancing attractive capital returns to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends with opportunistic M&A that complements our organic growth strategy. Turning to our financial expectations for the year, we are increasing the low-end of our guidance range and now expect consolidated adjusted EBITDA growth of 10% to 12% in 2018. As a reminder, that growth would be 200 basis points to 300 basis points higher excluding cloud. Overall, we had a strong third quarter and are pleased with our performance to this point in the year. We believe the operational momentum we're building balanced by continued investments in key strategic initiatives will drive sustained healthy growth over the long term. With that, operator, we're ready to take our first question.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, we will open the floor for questions. And our first question comes from Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah. I just want to drill down, please, just on the HomeAway business. Could you talk about the sustainability of the profit levels that you've achieved there and the sustainability of the revenue growth, the bookings growth there? Thanks a lot.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia Group, Inc.: Yeah. Mark, thanks. This is Alan. Yeah. On the margins, I think, first of all, it's important to point out that the EBITDA margin for HomeAway should be viewed not really on a quarterly basis, but much more on a full year or trailing 12-month basis. For instance, if you look at the full year 2017, it was about 22% margin. There's just been  through the transition, through the seasonality, there's been a bit of variability quarter to quarter, so I would really encourage you to look over a 12-month period. We are not optimizing for the margin for HomeAway, as we're not for the margin percentages, we're not for the rest of the business. We prefer to take a balanced approach. We see a big global opportunity. HomeAway in particular has opportunities both here in the U.S. as well as in international markets. We want to make sure that we're making the right investments there to gain share and grow the business globally. At the same time, it's our philosophy that we should be able to do that while delivering healthy profits and profit growth. So, we really are taking a balanced approach. I wouldn't put a pin in a particular margin number at the moment, but that's our philosophy looking forward.
Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thanks, Alan.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Thanks. Next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Kevin Kopelman with Cowen and Company.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks so much. Could you give us any first thoughts about how you're thinking about 29 (sic) [2019] EBITDA ahead of the planning process and any key things you want to call out there? Thanks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Sure.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia Group, Inc.: Kevin, you said 29. I think you meant 19, maybe?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: 2019.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co. LLC: 2019. Yeah, thanks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: We've not finished our long, long-range planning yet.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia Group, Inc.: No. Yeah, this is Alan again. We are in the middle of the planning process. We don't have a lot of color to provide today as regards 2019. I would just re-emphasize what I said in the prepared remarks, which is we are looking to build a business where we can have sustained healthy top and bottom-line growth. We are looking at a global opportunity, and we're building a business in a way to build it out globally. And we think we need to make appropriate investments in order to do that. But we think we can, as I mentioned on the HomeAway answer, I would say the same here. We think we can have a balanced approach, where we are making those appropriate investments and setting this business up for success over a very long period of time, while at the same time, delivering healthy profits and profit growth. And I think you can kind of see that so far in what we've delivered in 2018, and we would seek to continue to do that as we move forward.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co. LLC: That's great. Thanks, Alan.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia Group, Inc.: Sure.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Thanks. Next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Deepak Mathivanan with Barclays.
Deepak Mathivanan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Just wanted to get some clarity around full year 2018 guidance. Even if you assume the high end of the guidance, it implies EBITDA growth rates for 4Q are sort of moderate. Other than seasonality and some of like the performance efficiency gains that's being moderating and also the piece associated with the HomeAway, anything else that's going on that we should think about? And what would be some of those factors?
Alan Pickerill - Expedia Group, Inc.: Yeah, Deepak. I think you got a few of them there. I think that you're right to point out, even though we don't guide quarterly, there is implied guidance for the Q4. We are expecting a more subdued performance in terms of adjusted EBITDA growth in Q4 relative to year-to-date and Q3. A couple of things I would point out. I think you did mention them, but just to emphasize, the HomeAway seasonality is an important factor. The fact is that they are more seasonal than the rest of our business. They drive tremendous room nights and revenue and profitability in Q3 and less so in the other quarters, in Q4 and Q1 as I mentioned in my script. The other bit is that we do have the full impact in Q4 of the lodging supply investment, tech investments, other things that we've kind of been scaling up as we move through 2018. That has an impact on Q4, and in a way, you could think of it as being an outsized impact, just given the fact that it's fully scaled up, and Q4 is a seasonably lower adjusted EBITDA quarter. So, I think those are the things to point out.
Deepak Mathivanan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. Related to that, you have announced some new marketing programs like partnership with the UEFA Champions League. Is that something that we should expect in 4Q? Or is that going to be largely in 2019?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Deepak, it's Mark. I'll answer my first question of the call. So, thank you for giving me the opportunity. I think you'd see a little bit of that in Q4. It will be spread really throughout 2019, and it's a three-year deal. So, it will continue on beyond.
Deepak Mathivanan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Thanks, Mark.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Thank you for the question.
Deepak Mathivanan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Naved Khan with SunTrust.
Naved Khan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks a lot. Just maybe a clarification on the international room night growth, I guess sequentially it grew a little bit slower in the third quarter versus second quarter. Can you sort of parse out the growth in the focus markets in terms of room nights and did you continue to see good growth there and maybe a throw down in other geos.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Sure, Naved. So, I think that the variation from Q2 to Q3 in room night growth would be non-meaningful. I wouldn't draw anything from it. I would say that on balance the metasearch channels which are running slower and in some places, you saw with trivago yesterday actually declining year-on-year, can have a disproportionate impact on our international room night growth certainly compared to our domestic. So, I would call that out as a headwind even though it's pretty consistent from quarter to quarter. In terms of our focus markets, we continue to be very happy with the progress there. Overall in those markets, room nights are growing nicely ahead of the overall average. We do have a number of those markets where we were starting from a decent position in terms of brand recognition where the numbers are looking very nice, particularly domestic room night growth showing very strong growth rates. And other markets where we are really starting from a lower base, things are little bit slower to get going. But all told, we are happy with what we're seeing. And I would just remind you, it's a multi-year journey. I mean the first thing you see in these markets is picked up room night growth largely because you're entering new auctions for traffic that having more properties allows you to do, but really the benefit here is producing a better customer product and a better customer product produces better marketing efficiencies over time. So, that's really the goal of this, and I think with respect to our wave one markets, we would expect to see more of that type of benefit in the second and third years.
Naved Khan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Got it. That's very helpful. And then maybe a quick follow-up. I think on the last call, you guys talked about how you're able to use analytics to figure out where you don't need to necessarily bid for that traffic if it can come to you organically. How far along are you now in sort of honing that ability and does it continue to sort of hurt on the margin just because you're still sort of going through the process? Or how should we be thinking about that?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Well, I'd say that it's a journey. We continue to make solid progress. I think we originally started this work in the early days in Q3, Q4 of last year and really started to see some of the benefit show up in Q1, but I think it's an ongoing level of sophistication. There are really two things that we're doing here. One is trying to identify marketing spend that is truly non-incremental meaning that if we didn't spend it, we would see those bookings show up in cheaper channels such as direct type in or mobile applications. So that's goal number one. In that respect, you really don't see if you do it well, an impact to the top line. It's really just more efficiency in your sales between (21:52) line item. The second piece of this, though, is really getting much more granular in looking at what efficiencies are certain ad buys actually delivering or what returns on ad spend? And in those cases if you find an efficient spend, it can be incremental, but it's just an efficient, and when you pull the efficiencies out and actually pull your bids down, there can be an impact on your room night growth. And you can see some of that in our numbers and I think you could expect to see some of that going forward. But I think again, we've developed a new capability here. I think it's going to be something that we'll continue to build on and refine over time.
Naved Khan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question, please?
Operator: Thank you, and our next question comes from Jed Kelly with Oppenheimer.
Jed Kelly - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Just with a HomeAway, the deceleration in bookings, is that more self-inflicted on the marketing or competition from other players in the space? Then on this morning's acquisition, do you expect to get more of that longer extended stay such as over 30 days and you intend to make that inventory exclusive to Expedia? And how should we factor into HomeAway's growth for next year?
Alan Pickerill - Expedia Group, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, the deceleration as I said in my remarks was largely in line with what we expected for their gross bookings growth. I think there are a few factors at play, one being that they are lapping over some of the ramping up of their performance marketing that they did late last year and just as they get further along that curve, the low hanging fruit is more difficult to come by. I think the other bit is they do continue to optimize just generally in the marketing area and trying to make sure that they've got the right balance between returns on marketing spend and unit growth. So, those are a couple of key factors. In international, there are couple of kind of nuanced factors. One was that they had implemented some product enhancements in international markets last year that drove a bunch of gross bookings online, and they're comping over that. They also have, in the not too distant past, migrated some of the international business onto the common platform, and typically what happens when you see that is a bit of a disruption in current trends until the team can kind of optimize on the new platform and get things back to status quo. So those are some of the factors. But the opportunity for HomeAway is quite big, and it's a long runway. So, we continue to expect them to grow at healthy rates for quite a while.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: And, Jed, just on the new acquisitions, so just to give a little more color, we are super excited about these two acquisitions that we've made, just great teams and really solid new platform capabilities that we built. And essentially what these technologies do is allow apartment type or multifamily owners and managers or communities essentially have a central way to manage all the alternative accommodations, rental activity that's happening in the building, and also allow them to rent out some of the hospitality suites that sometimes exist in these buildings, all in a way that can be tracked and in a way that makes it quite easy for owners and managers to be compliant with whatever regulation is put in place over the years. And certainly that's a fast-moving area. I wouldn't expect it to have any significant impact on length of stay or booking windows or really be a significant driver in the near term 2019 of HomeAway booking volume. I think these are foundational investments that are going to build a platform on which that we can really start to build an urban business over time, but it is going to take some time. And then in terms of exclusive or not, we haven't commented yet. I think it's something that we'll look at over time. Generally, what we have seen, though, is that exclusivity in these markets has not been often a good thing. So, I think we'll look at that very carefully.
Jed Kelly - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Lloyd Walmsley with Deutsche Bank.
Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks, guys. I have two, if I can. First, just on the direct marketing line, you saw another quarter of even better leverage. Obviously, a lot of that is coming from HomeAway, or at least you're seeing a lot of EBITDA upside at HomeAway, a lot of leverage at trivago. So, can you kind of give us a sense for how marketing efficiency trends are moving in the Core OTA business? And then secondly, I guess going back to the focus markets for supply acquisition and localization, I think last quarter you said you saw acceleration in terms of bookings and room nights stayed there. Are you still seeing that in those markets? And then is there anything else you can share around repeat behavior in those markets that can give us comfort the strategy is on track?
Alan Pickerill - Expedia Group, Inc.: Hey, Lloyd. It's Alan. Yeah. On your selling and marketing question, I think the color I would provide there is obviously, there was a lot of leverage on the selling and marketing line in Q3. And as I said in my prepared remarks, the majority of that was driven by what you saw at trivago. So, that's the largest single impact if you're thinking about direct selling and marketing relative to revenue growth. The other two healthy contributors there were HomeAway and then the Core OTA business. And I'm not going to size them up specifically, but the contributions were in that order, with the second biggest help coming from the HomeAway business and then Core OTA in third. So, those were the three components.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: And then, Lloyd, on the focus markets, what we saw was essentially after the step up in growth rates from Q1 to Q2, we saw the markets sustain essentially the healthy growth rate that we saw, and there was a mix between the markets. Some of the markets did accelerate nicely, and I mentioned, particularly in the domestic market, some of them were a little bit more challenged than others, in many cases because of things that were happening in the metasearch channel or other market specific items. But we certainly have no question that this is the right direction. And just as a reminder, we're doing this because we have seen very compelling evidence of a very high correlation between property coverage and repeat rate. It's too early for us to give you any numbers in these particular markets. It's always dependent on the actual travel cycle and repeat cycle of the customers that we're actually serving. But certainly, we have a long history of understanding this relationship and we have no question that we will see stronger repeats rates as a result of this.
Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Got it. All right. Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: All right. Thanks, Lloyd. Next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Justin Post with Bank of America.
Akshay Bhatia - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. This is Akshay Bhatia on for Justin. When we talk about the hotel supply investments, what is the timeline to get these focus countries up to scale that you'd be happy with? And then when should we expect you to move on to the next set of focus countries and will there be additional expense around that? Thanks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Sure. So, we are going to launch another effort next year, 2019. We did have a pretty big step up this year, and so we're lapping over that and I wouldn't expect as big of an investment required in the next wave of markets. In a number of these markets, supply is not the biggest next thing to do. It may be some sort of product enhancement or translation or some sort of marketing effort and it really depends from market-to-market. So, we are going to continue to do this, but again, I wouldn't expect as large of investment as we saw in 2018. In terms of timeline, it depends. I mean, generally, it depends upon how much inventory there is to acquire. So, in very large markets, it could take two to three years. In smaller markets where supply is less of a focus, we could get it done in one. So, it is really dependent as is all of this stuff on the specific market that we're focused on becoming locally relevant in.
Akshay Bhatia - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Olson with Piper Jaffray.
Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hey, good afternoon. You have a lot of fish to fry with international inventory growth and now you're just talking about. And then alternative accommodation growth, but how are you thinking about experiences and the potential there and could that be an area of increased investment in 2019? And then second, Alan, I may have missed it but you talked about trends for sales and marketing and G&A leverage or deleverage in Q4, but what about tech and content? Thanks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: So, activities is absolutely in the frying pan with all of the other fish. We are pretty excited about the opportunity in activities. We're not new to it. I gave you some numbers last quarter. It's a big business. I think obviously mobile opens up a big opportunity. It has been one of those spaces as happens in this industry where suddenly it has acquired or attracted a lot more attention and a lot more capital. So, there's certainly much more competition in this space than there has been historically. And there's a lot of pretty exciting players out there that are doing interesting things. But for us, our focus is really about harnessing one of the big advantages that we have, which is we have an incredible installed base of mobile applications, nearly 300 million across the portfolio. We have a multiproduct offering, so we know where customers are going and can generally tell where they are and we will be working on building out our set of activities inventory so that we can deliver the perfect activity to the perfect customer at the right time. And that's the goal, and we'll be working on putting  essentially having execution follow that strategy over the course of the next several years, and we're pretty excited about the possibilities there.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia Group, Inc.: And then, Mike, on your question on tech and content, I would just say a couple of things. One is that we are forecasting a bit of an increase in the pace of growth in tech and content in Q4 and just given the year-to-date impact plus that fact, you obviously would end up with meaningful deleverage in tech and content this year relative to revenue growth. Some of that is due to some of the investments that we've talked about over the course of the year, which is from a pure forecasting perspective. That's what we're expecting.
Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Next question, please?
Operator: And our next question comes from Tom White with D.A. Davidson.
Thomas White - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Great. Thanks for taking my question. High-level one. You guys had another, kind of, nice quarter of year-over-year expansion of EBITDA margin in the Core OTA segment. How should we think about direction of those margins for Core OTA, kind of, over the long term? I realize there's a ton of puts and takes in there. But can margins expand further from here over time? Or in five years or so? Are we, kind of, in the ballpark we're at now? Or lower?
Alan Pickerill - Expedia Group, Inc.: Yeah. Sorry. Excuse me, Tom. I'm just getting over a cold. As far as  I would repeat some of the stuff I said earlier, which is we are not optimizing for margin. We've been pretty clear about that over time. And nothing has changed there. I think what's unique to 2018 and just the period that we are in is that we're finding this opportunity to eliminate marketing spend that's not incremental and/or that is highly inefficient. And that's having a meaningful impact on the EBITDA margins for Core OTA. I think our general model still exists, which is, we want to get leverage on our fixed cost. We think the business that we're in should allow for that, and if we're effective at running the business, we should be able to see that leverage in fixed overhead cost. Selling and marketing, looking forward, we will eventually, kind of, get through the goodness of this period, and at that point, I would expect the relationship of selling and marketing to normalize to something closer to historical averages and/or revenue growth. But it's a little hard to be specific on that particular line, just because it's just going to depend on the opportunities that are in front of us. We just need to make sure we're  as long as there's returns on the selling and marketing in period or in the near-term, then we're happy to continue spending there. And we're kind of optimizing there for global share gains at good returns.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ron Josey with JMP Securities.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Are you there, Ron?
Ronald V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC: Great. Oh, yeah. Sorry about that. Can you hear me okay?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia Group, Inc.: Yeah.
Ronald V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC: Oh, perfect. Great. Thanks. So I just wanted to ask two questions. I think, Mark, you talked a little bit about this with repeat rates on the new hotels out there, but I wanted to ask about just the language translation, and how you see that sort of impacting results as you head into year two and maybe where you are in that. And then, also as it relates to just lodging in HomeAway, pretty big step up on HomeAway properties on Expedia getting to around 300,000, is this like the right number of properties, where maybe you can start highlighting these more and more in the core Expedia product? Thanks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Sure. Well, some language translation is just of so many things that you've got to get right. And in many cases, it's not just about translating perfectly into the language, but really starting to use local, more colloquial tone of voice. And that's, in many cases is where the nuance. But again, it's just one piece of it. You've got to have great marketing. You've got to have great landing pages and homepage content, and you've got to have your geography systems right and payment types right. And of course, you've got to have translation in a format or localized format, so it really feels like it's a local experience. And we're going through each of these wave markets and just making sure that that is the case. In terms of HomeAway properties, yeah, I think we are up to 300,000 HomeAway properties on, really, the Core OTA brands right now. I think they are being highlighted in many cases. It's really getting a lot smarter, although it's a muscle we're building around identifying those use cases where this type of inventory is highly valuable. Some obvious ones are large groups. We can present them with a large house, any sort of alternative accommodation in a period where there's high compression in terms of low availability for traditional lodging categories, for example. But again, it's still relatively early, and if you think about just the overall opportunity, it's significant. But 300,000 properties, if you compare it to the 1.8 million that HomeAway has or some of the larger numbers that we've heard our competitors talk about, and you compare that number of units to the competitor or HomeAway's units, compared to the gross booking opportunity, we're very much in the early stages here.
Ronald V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC: That makes a lot of sense. And, Mark, just as a quick follow-up on the language translation you talked about, all those things that you needed to get right for it to work. Is this more of a wave two, phase two event? Or I'm just curious where you are. Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: No. I mean, yeah. We are doing it in the waves as we go. So, it's just completely  it's part of a formula. And we're doing it in the wave one countries right now, and we'll move on and do it in the wave two countries.
Ronald V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Eric Sheridan with UBS.
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the question. Maybe to step back and have a bigger picture question. I think the number one issue we get from investors is sort of the way the travel funnel, the travel industry is sort of evolving. When you think out, Mark, over the next couple of years and the product innovation you're seeing from Google, the intent from some of your hotel partners to get more direct traffic, your desire to get more direct traffic, shared accommodation, what are some of the investments you're making? And how should investors think about the output of growth and share as you're looking out multiple years? Because I think that's the big investor debate right now on the group.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Yeah. Well, I think, first of all, we think that the overall opportunity we were moving into remains very significant. You continue to have a massive industry. You've got offline to online trends. And yes, we hear, oh, is this industry fully penetrated? The answer to that is not even close. I mean if you look at where we are in the U.S., it's, call it, high 40s, 50% online penetration. It steps down from there the further you move away from, call it, Manhattan. And if you compare that with our corporate travel business Egencia where you're in environments where everyone has a device, everyone has broadband access, online penetration there is in, anywhere depending on the client, high 80s or 90s. Because the reality is, as long as the experience is good, people don't really want to talk to a human. So, we think that the offline to online opportunity is significant, and where we are investing to make sure that we continue to be the place where people go to for travel is in all of the places that you've heard us talk about. We continue to have a huge opportunity from new geographic expansion standpoint. And just, again, to give you a sense of that, if you look at the number of alternative accommodations we've got and compare that to any of the huge numbers that the alternative accommodations competitors have mentioned, we just got a ton of room to go to put those properties on our platform. And by the way, they are already getting bookings. It's already online. We just have to add them. And that's just alternative accommodations. In the hotel space we've also got significant opportunities. So geographic expansion is certainly one. We sit on an incredible amount of data, and we've been working very hard on making sure that we are using that data to our full advantage, getting much more able to actually provide much more personalized results, real-time, on-the-fly, through a lot of the work we've been doing in the machine learning and AI space. We've been investing in voice, and we just launched a new application with Google, essentially, to allow us to answer questions and make bookings on Google Assistant, making sure that wherever customers are or however they want to interact, we're a part of that. We've been investing in all of the chatbot technology and are currently  particularly in some countries in Asia doing significant volume through our chatbots online and other applications. So we are staying at the forefront of this industry. We think the opportunity is very significant. We watch very closely what others are doing in the industry, and we make sure that we're trying to ensure that we are one step ahead. And we think that's going to be a growth formula for us that can sustain us for a very, very long time to come.
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thanks, Mark.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Mark May with Citi.
Mark A. May - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Apologize if this has been asked already, but in terms of marketing and how you're thinking about the intensity of marketing going forward, it seems there's the potential for the market dynamics, competitive dynamics to potentially get a little bit more competitive out there plus, on top of that, you guys are strategically focusing on some international markets, and now beginning to lean in there. Just looking at it as a whole, should we be expecting maybe a bit more intensity on the marketing front going forward?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Yeah. It's hard to say at this point. I think certainly we have gotten much more sophisticated in understanding specifically what we're getting for our marketing dollars, and it feels like our other major competitor has done the same. So there has been I think a shift in context here that I think could continue for a long time to come. I think Alan made some comments around international markets that I think are important to keep in mind, but this is not expansion of international into international markets with irrational or exuberant or poorly returning marketing spend. This is us applying the same disciplined approach into essentially new auctions that exist in meta-search channels or other performance marketing channels. That in the first early days of the market can produce marketing deleverage because those markets are less efficient overall than our core markets. But over time, they get more efficient over time as well. So I think, for us, as we push internationally, you may see optically some pressure on that line item, but it's really just a mix shift issue and the cohorts underneath continue to perform very well. So listen, I'm hopeful that we're in a world where the level of sophistication that we have just allows for there to be a new normal, and we're just focused on international expansion in a very responsible way that produces solid returns on our advertising spend.
Mark A. May - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies.
Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC: Thanks, guys. In terms of the head count that you've added to address the hotel supply effort, can you give us some color on the dynamics you're seeing there in terms of productivity as you onboard new hires? Is there any limitation on the gains that you're yielding out of that productivity effort and will that change as you have to add new heads into further supply expansion next year in new geographies? Thanks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Sure. So we did hire up a significant amounts of new heads. I think we talked about investment levels in the range of $50 million or so. We're pleased with the productivity so far. It does take individuals a while to ramp up, but once they ramp up, we've got a pretty good formula of getting them up and productive. Importantly, though, something that Alan mentioned is we've been also investing in our technical systems to actually help with the automation of a lot of the activity and really trying to drive much more productivity amongst this team and also looking at ways where we can significantly reduce the amount of human intervention that has to happen to either on board a property or to actually manage a property going forward. So it's something that we're very focused on. Those investments that we made in automation along with the head count, as Alan said, they are pressure on Q4 profitability simply because we didn't have those investments in Q4. And as it relates to the technology investments, Q4 can be a seasonally low capitalization rate so can have artificial pressure as well. So I just wanted to highlight that for you as well. But really is we are very much focused on productivity and a lot of the things that we've learned as we've added new heads and we've invested more in automation are things going to help propel us to better and better efficiency as we roll this out around the world in wave two and beyond.
Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thanks, Mark.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Coolbrith with Wells Fargo Securities.
Robert James Coolbrith - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good afternoon, and thanks for taking our questions. On the revised cloud guidance for 2018, just wondering if you could talk a little bit about what's helped you come in under the initial guide on the hotel stack migration. And then on air, probably more computationally intensive, a bit less seasonal than hotel, is that migration more about performance than cost savings relative to the hotel migration? Is there anything about that migration that makes you a little more conservative as you approach the cost guide for 2019? I also just wanted to check in on Egencia. It looked like a little bit of a slowdown in revenue there. Just wondering if you can give us an update, anything to call out there. Thank you.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia Group, Inc.: Yeah. Great, Rob. This is Alan. So on the cloud spend, there's two main factors there at the moment. One is just the amount of compute that we move into the cloud. And that is largely in our control. So we obviously are trying to do this in a measured way. We're trying to make sure that we test and learn, that we offer our customers a seamless experience and that's been part of that process all along, and that can lead to situations where you have either more than or less than the amount of compute moved over than you initially expected in a given period. The second component which we have undertaken in 2018 has been key efforts just to make sure that we're being as efficient as we can be. And I won't go into the nitty-gritty details here, but you can imagine that as you're moving compute into the cloud, there are things you can do to make sure that you're not leaving compute or code in the cloud that's not necessary, that if you're spinning up the instances that you need in the cloud that you're taking them back down again when they're no longer needed, and trying to make sure that you just have good processes in place. And that has been a component this year as well. But as long as you're doing that well, then really the question is just about how much compute do you have in the cloud? And the numbers I gave you for this year and for next year are based on our current estimates of how much of the compute will move into the cloud. I don't have a lot of information for you to think about it in terms of, like, the air stack versus the hotel stack. I mean, ultimately we plan to move the vast majority of the compute into the cloud, and there will be both operational and customer benefits across all of the products. But the cost savings that we'll compute and, kind of, to the extent, share externally, I wouldn't expect them to be product-by-product. We'll look at that on an all-in basis. As far as Egencia is concerned, no, there's nothing I would point out there that's a big story. There's likely some FX impact this quarter that wasn't there last quarter. It can be a little bit choppy in terms of the growth because it depends  their top-line growth depends on a combination of the business that they're selling, the business that they're implementing and then the share of wallet that they're getting from their customers. And all of those play into the growth rate quarter-to-quarter. I would just remind you that, even with the topline growth rates that we posted for Q3, it's well in excess of what you would expect to see the travel industry growing at. So, no big story there. I think you'll just see that ebb and flow from time-to-time.
Robert James Coolbrith - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Michael Millman with Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Thank you. Touching on the tenor in this discussion, I guess, on disruptive technology, is it possible to break out the impact on the volume of sales and marketing and the cost of sales and marketing? And secondly, are the obvious names in the industry all at the same place? Or are there some leaders and  well, of course some leaders?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: And, Mike, sorry. On the volume and cost of marketing, are you thinking about it in terms of the various marketing channels out there?
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: No. I was thinking in terms of your total sales and marketing, and...
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Right. And breaking it out by marketing channel or...?
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: No. Well, if you could do that, the more detail the better. But I wasn't. I was more looking at it from 30,000 feet of, in terms of what your total sales and marketing might become over time as this disruptive technology becomes better and more in place.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Right. Got it, got it. Well, I think, first of all, I think sales and marketing is always going to be a big part of our business. The industry remains massive, $1.6 trillion and we're single-digits of it. So we really do have a significant opportunity to expand. And part of having an amazing service like we do is being able to tell customers all about it. Now, I do think that our increased sophistication in sales and marketing will allow us to do that more efficiently over time. I think that our focus on customer centricity and really building products that customers love to come back to and love to tell their friends about will help our marketing productivity and efficiency improve over time. I think mobile app and the investments we're making in mobile app will help as well. So I think there is a lot of opportunity for us to spend sales and marketing long into the future, but I do think on the margin we should be able to get more efficient as we grow. And certainly that's a big focus for us.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Thanks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Next question, please? Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. And we have no further questioners in the queue at this time. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Okerstrom, President and CEO, for closing remarks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Great. Well, I want to thank everyone again for listening today, and obviously a big thank you to the entire Expedia Group team for another solid quarter of progress. Let's end the year strong. With that, I'll turn it back to the operator.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Michael Senno - Expedia Group, Inc. Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc. Alan Pickerill - Expedia Group, Inc.
Analysts: Justin Post - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC Deepak Mathivanan - Barclays Capital, Inc. Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co. LLC Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Jed Kelly - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Naved Khan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Douglas T. Anmuth - JPMorgan Securities LLC Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co.
Unknown Speaker: Expedia Group, Inc. (EXPE) Q2 2018 Earnings Call July 26, 2018
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Expedia Group Q2 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Michael Senno, Vice President of Investor Relations.
Michael Senno - Expedia Group, Inc.: Good afternoon and welcome to Expedia Group's financial results conference call for the second quarter ended June 30, 2018. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by Mark Okerstrom, Expedia Group's CEO and President; and Alan Pickerill, our CFO. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, July 26, 2018 only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking. Typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate, or similar statements. Please refer to today's earnings release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You will find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release which is posted on the company's Investor Relations website at ir.expediagroup.com and I encourage you to periodically visit our IR website for other important content including today's earnings release. Unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense and technology and content expense exclude stock-based compensation and depreciation expense and all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2017. One additional item to note, starting last quarter, we are presenting financial results both for Expedia Group in total and excluding trivago in order to provide increased transparency on the underlying performance of our transactional businesses. You'll find reconciliations for non-GAAP measures excluding trivago in our earnings release. Finally, a reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA guidance to the closest corresponding GAAP measure is not provided because we are unable to predict the ultimate outcome of certain significant items without unreasonable efforts. These items include, but are not limited to, foreign-exchange, returns on investment, spending and acquisition-related or restructuring expenses. As such, the items that are excluded from our non-GAAP guidance are uncertain, depend on various factors and could have a material impact on the GAAP results for the guidance period. And with that, let me turn the call over to Mark.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Thanks, Michael. As we sit here halfway through the year, I am pleased with our progress thus far. We've delivered solid financial results while continuing to push forward on several critical initiatives aligned with the three strategic themes I outlined late last year, becoming more locally relevant on a global basis, becoming more customer-centric, and speeding up the pace of execution and innovation. And although it's still early days in our transformation, I am pleased to say that we are making great strides along our new path. Looking forward, though our industry remains highly dynamic, we are increasingly confident in our execution capabilities and are optimistic about the opportunities they can unlock for us in this $1.6 trillion market. Turning to the second quarter, gross bookings increased 13%, revenue grew 11% and adjusted EBITDA was up a very healthy 18%. Overall room nights grew 12% year-over-year and smoothing of the impact from the shift in Easter timing, first half total lodging stayed room nights grew 14%. HomeAway continued to deliver strong results, increasing stayed room nights 35% in the first half of 2018. All told, we have great momentum heading into the back half of the year. Our brand teams are making good progress in better optimizing direct marketing spend and that was evident in the balance between healthy room night growth and profitability in the second quarter. We plan to keep leveraging our data-driven approach to marketing optimization, while at the same time continue to aggressively drive our global expansion agenda. As we strive to become more locally relevant on a global basis, we continue to build momentum on the property acquisition front, adding over 60,000 new properties to our global lodging portfolio in the quarter, excluding HomeAway listings. That number includes a further acceleration in the pace of property acquisition in our priority markets, where we are firmly in execution mode, and we are seeing encouraging early signs in our performance. Collectively, in these markets, on a booked basis, both total and domestic room night growth accelerated in the second quarter. We're optimistic that the momentum we are seeing in these markets will continue to build as we move through the year and into 2019. In addition to the 60,000 newly-acquired properties in the quarter, we also integrated an additional 20,000 HomeAway listings into our core lodging platform, bringing our total property count available to all Expedia Group brands to more than 750,000 as at the end of the quarter. Overall, we remain on track to directly add at least 180,000 new properties to the core platform in 2018 in addition to integrating more HomeAway properties throughout the year. HomeAway ended the quarter with over 1.7 million online bookable listings, an increase of about 20% from last year. Over 800,000 of them are now instantly bookable. We do expect the continued shift to instant bookability to be a nice tailwind to conversion over time, further enhancing the HomeAway marketplace. The HomeAway team has been ramping up the velocity of innovation on both sides of the platform. Over the past few quarters, they've rolled out an impressive lineup of industry-leading supplier-facing tools and it's helping our partners optimize the productivity of their listings. We continue to be very happy with the progress at HomeAway. They're making incredible strides in their transformation and, in doing so, are positioning HomeAway and Expedia Group very well to capitalize on the significant global opportunity in alternative accommodations. Gross bookings growth at Egencia accelerated to 18% in the quarter and stayed room nights grew 21%, their highest growth in nearly two years. The sales team at Egencia continues to produce strong results, signing over $460 million of new business for another quarterly record. So we're seeing good returns from the investments we've made in the team. With nice momentum in sales and a differentiated product offering, we believe Egencia has a significant opportunity to continue to gain share in the managed corporate travel market for a long time to come. trivago continued to face difficult comps and challenges in the second quarter as it navigates changes to the dynamics in its marketplace. As the trivago team highlighted yesterday, they are now taking a more-balanced approach to trade-offs between top-line growth and profitability with more of a bent towards profitability than in the past. Combined with easing comps, trivago expects adjusted EBITDA results to improve in the second half of the year. Overall, the lots of hard work remains, we have made good progress in the first half of the year. We are executing at a much-improved level and are gaining traction with our key initiatives all aimed at positioning Expedia Group for healthy growth well into the future. With that, I'll turn it over to Alan.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia Group, Inc.: Thanks, Mark. We, again, posted healthy top-line trends in the second quarter with lodging revenue, including both hotel and HomeAway up 14% on stayed room night growth of 12%. As we expected, total lodging room night growth decelerated from the first quarter, primarily due to a headwind from the shift in Easter timing and difficult year-over-year comparisons, which were, in part, driven by more aggressive marketing spend in last year's quarter. Excluding HomeAway, revenue per room night increased 1%, compared to average daily rate growth of approximately 5%. That gap was over 100-basis-points smaller than last quarter and we expect that to continue to narrow slightly in the second half of the year. HomeAway grew both gross bookings and stayed room nights 33% in the quarter, with revenue increasing 32%. Transaction revenue growth remained robust at over 60% and accounted for over 80% of HomeAway's revenue for the first time in the second quarter. Subscription revenue declined 25%, roughly in line with our expectations for the year. HomeAway showed nice leverage on overall costs and posted very strong adjusted EBITDA in the quarter, almost doubling year-over-year to $78 million. In addition to lapping some of last year's hiring increases, the cost leverage was primarily related to slower growth and marketing expenses than recent quarters. After building out our performance marketing function last year, we continue to refine and improve our capabilities and gain more data-driven insights. With a fully-functioning marketing platform and team now in place, we are also better able to optimize our spend to appropriately balance top-line growth and profitability, which we did nicely in Q2. I would note that as we continue to refine our performance marketing capabilities at HomeAway and comp against the ramp-up in marketing investments over the last year, we do anticipate some continued deceleration in gross bookings growth as we move through the year. Overall, HomeAway remains on track for very healthy top and bottom line growth in 2018. Total advertising and media revenue decreased 9% for the quarter due to significant declines at trivago. Our Media Solutions business delivered another quarter of solid double-digit growth. Air revenue was up 10% on a 6% increase in air tickets sold, 4% growth in revenue per ticket. Similar to last quarter, air revenue growth benefited from the reclassification of distribution fees from contra revenue to cost of revenue and the reclassification of certain customer refunds from air revenue to insurance. These changes took effect in the first quarter and we'll have an impact for the rest of 2018 although they are neutral to our overall profitability. Other revenue increased 16% in the second quarter, largely reflecting continued growth in travel insurance. Adjusted expense growth decelerated across each category and drove consolidated adjusted EBITDA margin expansion of 90 basis points. In line with our expectation for the full year, cost of revenue grew faster than revenue in the quarter. The accounting change I mentioned earlier related to air distribution fees contributed around 150 basis points to the growth while cloud expenses added about 250 basis points. We continue to make good progress migrating our lodging stack to the cloud, balancing speed with prudent cost management and a seamless customer experience. As we've moved through the year, we've developed greater capabilities to more dynamically optimize costs. As a result of these efforts, our 2018 cloud expenses are tracking a bit below the $170 million we previously discussed. Looking ahead to 2019, our early estimates, which are subject to change, call for total cloud spend to be over $250 million balanced by a nice offset in free cash flow in the form of avoided data center CapEx. In addition, we expect cloud expenses to continue to be split roughly 60/40 between cost of revenue and technology and content, similar to the past several quarters. Total selling and marketing expenses increased 7% with direct expenses up just 5% for the second quarter. We have an easy comparison to the 30% increase in direct expenses in the second quarter of 2017 as we made aggressive marketing investment decisions across several brands last year. In addition, we continue to make progress on optimizing direct marketing spend as we strive to deliver incremental quality top-line growth, although we do begin to lap some of those benefits here in the third quarter. Indirect selling and marketing growth also moderated as we lapped the initial investments in the sales team at Egencia. Growth does remain elevated given the increased head count associated with our supply initiative and we expect that to remain the case for the rest of the year. In total, we now expect total adjusted selling and marketing expenses to grow in line with or slightly slower than revenue for the full year. Technology and content expenses were up 19% in the second quarter. Inorganic impact from acquisitions and our cloud migration contributed a total of over 450 basis points to that growth. We expect technology and content expense growth to reaccelerate slightly in the second half of the year as we continue to invest in our e-commerce platform and product innovation across the organization. As expected, growth in general and administrative expenses slowed significantly compared to last quarter as we started to lap last year's staffing increases, notably at trivago and HomeAway. The second quarter marks the last of any meaningful inorganic impact from recent acquisitions, which added over 200 basis points to G&A growth in the quarter. We continue to anticipate growth in general and administrative expenses to moderate further in the second half of 2018, though we now expect that growth to be roughly in line with revenue growth for the full year. This slightly higher than planned G&A expense growth largely stems from operating in an increasingly dynamic global tax and regulatory environment. Moving down the income statement, depreciation expense growth continued to slow, increasing 12% in the quarter in part due to benefit from lower data center related CapEx. We also saw leverage on net interest expense and our adjusted tax rate came in at 16% for the quarter as we benefited from the lower U.S. corporate tax rate. All of that added up to very robust adjusted earnings per share growth of 55%. We expect adjusted EPS to grow faster than adjusted EBITDA for the rest of the year. On the capital allocation front, year-to-date, we've returned a total of over $540 million to shareholders, including over $450 million in share repurchases at an average price of just under $112. Our year-to-date repurchase total is already higher than any full year amount since 2014. We also recently raised our dividend for the seventh consecutive year. Going forward, we intend to maintain the same balanced approach to capital deployment, opportunistic M&A and returning capital to shareholders through share repurchases and our dividend. Turning to our financial expectations for the year. We are increasing our full year guidance range and now expect consolidated adjusted EBITDA growth of 7% to 12%. That growth would be 300 to 400 basis points higher, excluding cloud. Note that while we are pleased with our results to this point, we still have a lot of work to do with more than 100% of our dollar growth in adjusted EBITDA ahead of us in the second half of the year. We have strong operational momentum and believe we are well positioned to continue delivering healthy top-line and profit growth in the near-term, while investing in key initiatives to drive sustained growth over the long-term. With that, operator, we're ready to take our first question.
Operator: Certainly. And we'll take our first question from Justin Post from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you for taking my questions. I have two. First, on marketing spend, is the industry getting more efficient? And is that helping your overall returns on marketing? How are the ROIs going? And how do you feel about that right now? And then, second, HomeAway, it looks like bookings did decelerate. You called that out. How are you choosing between spending on marketing to try to drive that bookings growth versus driving profitability? Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Great. Thanks, Justin. In terms of marketing efficiency, listen, there has been no secret that some of the large players in the industry, ourselves included, have been pulling back, and I think cooling off some of the auction heat that may have been taking place previously. I would also say that just from an Expedia Group perspective, the level of sophistication that we've got now in terms of really applying to modern data science techniques, leveraging a lot of the capabilities that we've got by moving a lot of our data infrastructure up into the cloud, has just allowed us to be a lot smarter in the way that not only that we're bidding for traffic, but also in the way that we're able to really understand what traffic is incremental. So I think it's a combination of a couple of things. I think also that we're in an industry where the real big brands, the brands that consumers care about and have got experience with, are starting to mean something. And I think that, as a result, can lead to more traffic shifting over to direct-branded channels, whether they're through apps or whether as a result of branded marketing. In terms of HomeAway, listen, I wouldn't read too much in the slowdown in gross bookings or Alan's guidance that we would expect some deceleration. I think, largely, it's a comps issue and we're trying to maintain a balanced approach. And I would just put your attention to the long-term opportunity. As a reminder, the phase one of HomeAway that we're in right now is really about transitioning the business from an offline listings business to an eCommerce business. We have not been focused on international expansion. We have not been focused on acquiring new listings, although we have acquired hundreds of thousands since the acquisition. And since last quarter, we had 100,000 new listings sign up with us, that's really going after that. And phase two is really about that. It's about international expansion. It's about property acquisition. It's about moving into the urban opportunity. And that's all ahead of us. So we feel very comfortable with trajectory of HomeAway and really what you see here is just the team tuning its muscles around making the right trade-offs here in phase one.
Justin Post - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks, Mark.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question, please.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Eric Sheridan from UBS.
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks so much for taking the question. Maybe two, if I can. Alan, for you, calling out there on the cloud. I want to understand, investors ask us all the time sort of how we should think about cloud spending versus benefits from cloud migration playing out as we move through this year and into next year. Is there any framing you can give around the way investors should think about that? And, Mark, a good solid commentary on the pace of investing in inventory. How should investors be thinking about the investments in inventory leading to either higher marketing efficiency, better conversion, faster growth in terms of room nights? What should we be watching for, for how that plays out over the next sort of 12 months to 18 months? Thanks, guys.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia Group, Inc.: Yeah. Sure. Eric, thanks. I would say on the cloud side, I mean, we've talked a little bit about some of these data points already. If you look at our data center CapEx spend in 2016, it was about $180 million. It went down to about $50 million in 2017, and that's the actual decline. We are, obviously, avoiding additional CapEx as well. I've talked to you in the past about the fact that before we had made the decision to migrate to the cloud, we were on the cusp of having to make decisions around building out additional data centers. That's all been taken off the table and avoided as is. And so, we are already seeing, I think, pretty good trade-offs in avoided CapEx relative to what we're spending for compute in the cloud. On top of that, there's just a ton of operational benefits associated with it. The speed is much better, latency reduced, the ability to deploy code very quickly, the ability to test algorithms and roll out algorithms is much better in the cloud. The disaster recovery is much, much better with cloud, where if you have a  we already had a situation where we had a brownout on Brand Expedia, we were able to roll it out into the cloud, seamlessly roll it back once the issue had been resolved. So there's a ton of operational benefits as well, but we like it both from a total cash flow over time perspective. And then, from a product perspective, we think it's a no-brainer.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Great. And then, I'll take the one on inventory. There's basically a two-leg benefit here that you see. Step one is as you acquire the new properties, you're entering new auctions and performance marketing channels. Generally, what you see in that phase is you see an acceleration in room night growth for the markets that you're going after. The second phase in it, however, is once you start to get better density of properties, you do see higher repeat rates. You do see more customer loyalty. And with that, comes, generally, higher conversion rates and better marketing efficiency. We're not expecting to see that second phase in a particularly noticeable manner here in year one. It is something that in years two and three we would expect to see particularly in, of course, our priority markets that we're focused on this year.
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks so much.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question, please.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Brian Nowak from Morgan Stanley.
Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks for taking my question, guys. I have two. Just going back to the supply initiative, I wanted to talk a little about sort of the incremental investment from here. You talked about sort of pushing into your target market and seeing good early results. Can you just talk us through a little bit sort of the  what you think about incremental investment in the supply initiative as you go into 2019? And then sort of the similar question around Away, and Away profitability is very strong in the quarter. Mark, you talked a little bit about kind of phase two. How should we think about the timing of when you decide to push into phase two and start investing more in HomeAway?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Great. Thanks, Brian. In terms of incremental investment in the supply initiative, I would just say that the way that we're operating based upon the results we've seen so far is really the new normal. As opposed to taking a more distributed approach to our supply acquisition and a more metered approach, I would just say the expectation from here on in is we will take a more concentrated approach, not only to just supply acquisition but this whole thing is under the umbrella of this concept of locally relevant on a global basis. So on our wave-one markets, the big push here is around acquiring supply, because we do believe that we had a reasonably large gap versus the next competitor in these markets. But as we look out into future waves, in some cases, it's not going to be a supply centric. In some cases, it's going to be a more concerted effort and maybe not incremental resources, but a concentration of resources into things like translation, payment types, content, et cetera. So, as we look out into 2019, we're going to be looking through the back part of this year around what are going to be our priority markets, where are we going to invest, and based upon those decisions, it'll dictate where in terms of focus areas  in terms of functional focus areas the investments will go, whether it's again property acquisition or one of these other levers. The good news, though, is that of course we've already got a pretty significant investment sitting here in our 2018 base, and so this one-time big step-up, even if we do another significant investment next year is going against what will be at that point easier comps. And secondly, with the step-up, again, the big benefit, as I responded to Eric, is really in the second year. And so the expectation is that we'll start to see some of the benefits of our big push this year flow through in the second year, and that will, in effect, start to fund some of the investments that we'll be making in future waves. In terms of HomeAway and timing, listen, I think we're going to do what I think we've done historically, which is try to strike the right balance. That's what we are doing here in 2018 and I think we'll see as things go through we haven't done our 2019 planning yet, and again the HomeAway team is very focused on getting phase one here nailed and they're doing a great job, by the way, and then as we move through the back part of this year, we'll start to think about what comes next and what parts of phase two do we really start getting serious about in 2019.
Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: You're welcome, next question, please.
Operator: Our next question will come from Mark Mahaney from RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Great, thanks. I think, Mark, you mentioned that room night growth accelerated in some of the priority markets. Can you tell us what learnings you're getting from those markets that you could apply to the non-priority markets to get room night growth to accelerate there, or why is room night growth  what did you do to get room night growth accelerated in those markets? Was that just the lodging procurement? And then that HomeAway EBITDA margin you had in the quarter, that looked pretty positive, is there something that tells you that you want to sustain it at that level? I know you're bouncing as you just talked about growth and profitability there, but do you feel like you've reached, after a lot of investment, a new level there that you could work up from there? Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Great. Thanks, Mark. I'll take number one and turn number two over to our trustee, CFO. In terms of room night growth acceleration, listen, we talk a lot about the supply acquisition side of this, but of course in these markets, we're also making sure that we've got content right, payment types right, et cetera., it is really the whole package. The investment, though, is in these markets pretty concentrated into supply. But, of course, we're also just trying to build just much more significant cross-platform operational rigor so that we can shrink the time from a time when a property gets added to the time that it's live on the site and the time that it's actually marketed in metasearch and search engine marketing channels. So it's really a whole host of things that we're doing. This is built, by the way, on the back of years of hard work in terms of getting our supply acquisition machine into shape, getting our customer experience into shape, being multi-currency, multi-language, building great landing page development capabilities, and of course developing much better online marketing capabilities. And really what we're doing now is just executing across the board on an end-to-end basis, all of those discrete basis, functions in a much more coordinated and, I'd say, operationally rigorous way.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia Group, Inc.: Yeah. And then, Mark, on HomeAway, I think, first of all, I would just remind you it's a hyper seasonal business, so I wouldn't necessarily look at the margin in one quarter and kind of use that as a proxy for ongoing margins. The vast, the big chunk of adjusted EBITDA that they will earn will come in Q3, which results in some fluctuation, seasonal fluctuations in margins throughout the year. I don't think we're set yet on exactly what the normalized margin ought to be for HomeAway. I think we're happy with the margin they delivered in 2017, we're happy with what we expect that to look like in 2018. We think that the opportunity is such that we can grow the top line at healthy rates. Use some of that to invest in the business, deliver healthy profits and profit growth, but some of that's going to depend on specific decisions that we make as we move forward. As Mark mentioned, as we get through the 2019 planning, we'll look at some of these initiatives and make some decisions about what the right investment levels are. We have talked historically about how we think there is probably no reason that a business like HomeAway couldn't deliver EBITDA margins that look something like the EBITDA margins that you see at a hotel-only OTA, but I wouldn't put a pin in that. That's a directional aspiration and we'll see how things pan out over time. But we  to be honest, we don't spend a ton of time tearing it apart because we're confident that we will deliver healthy margins for HomeAway.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Yeah. And I would just add, too, that, again, we're not focused particularly strongly on margins. We're really looking to drive adjusted EBITDA, free cash flow, and adjusted EPS growth for a long period of time and we're really trying to strike the best balance to get a sustained growth rate to be deliverable over the long-term.
Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thanks, Mark. Thanks, Alan.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question, please.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Deepak Mathivanan from Barclays.
Deepak Mathivanan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. Two questions. First, as you guys optimize the performance marketing channels over the last several quarters, have you noticed any meaningful changes in the booking window or whether it's expansion or contraction? And how does that play into the stayed room night growth during the last couple of quarters? And then the second question, Alan, were there any FX impact on the guidance? I know the U.S. dollar significantly reversed course. I was wondering if the guidance would've been better if not for the U.S. dollar appreciation. Thanks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: So, Deepak, just on the booking window piece, we do see some ebbs and flows, less so associated with our performance marketing movements and actually more so just in terms of the mix of our business. And there's a couple of mix factors that move it around. I think, first of all, HomeAway generally has a longer book to stay window. They're generally looking at larger homes, and even when they're not larger homes, they're taking bookings into places that don't have 20 rooms or don't have 100 rooms, they simply have one. So people are more likely to book that further in advance so that they make sure that they get the place that they want to stay. So as the mix of our lodging room nights between HomeAway and the core lodging business ebbs and flows, you could see a lengthening of the window, particularly at certain parts of the year. The second thing is that as we push more into the domestic markets in a number of these countries like the priority markets that we're in right now, it does open up the opportunity for local travel to happen on a much more significant basis of our overall mix. And in many cases, local travel is more last minute booking. It's weekend trips, for example, where you're driving somewhere or you're taking a short flight as opposed to the overall mix of our business that has traditionally skewed a little bit more to the international side. So just a couple of things to keep in mind. Again, we're not seeing anything super significant right now, but, over time, we can imagine these types of things take hold. Alan, do you want to take the FX one?
Alan Pickerill - Expedia Group, Inc.: Sure, yeah. Deepak, so on FX, yeah, I mean, I think you're right to point it out. The fact is that FX has been a helper in the first part of the year here, although the dollar has strengthened more recently. And so the amount that we estimate it to help us for full year 2018 has come down relative to when we guided earlier this year. It's one of many factors considered as we put the full forecast together, but you're right to point out directionally, that it has become less of a tailwind than we thought. And at current rates, it looks like it kind of crosses over here kind of July-August timeframe, and becomes kind of neutral to a slight headwind in the back half of the year.
Deepak Mathivanan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Thanks so much.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Next question, please.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Kevin Kopelman from Cowen & Company.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks a lot. So you had a pretty substantial 400 basis points headwind to the core hotel revenue from lower revenue take rates. Can you call out the key factors driving that headwind? And it looks like it's going to improve a little bit in the back half, but how do you see it over the longer-term? Thanks.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia Group, Inc.: Yeah, so as I said my prepared remarks, the gap between  in the hotel business itself, or the business  I should say the business excluding HomeAway, the gap between ADRs and revenue per room night was still there. It was a narrower gap than we had last quarter, although the comp got a little bit easier. I mean, we've said essentially we are seeing that gap in the 200 to 400-basis-point range. As a reminder, the factors that contribute there are when we have taken  historically, when we have taken changes to our margins and annualizing those changes as we add new properties in new markets and we add them at the revised lower rates, that can blend the mix down as well, although that we look at as being new business. So still all gravy. The loyalty programs are an impact, a weight on revenue per room night. We think of it largely as a marketing channel, but the accounting rules require us to show it as contra revenue, so that has been there as the loyalty programs have grown. A few other factors play in there. FX can play in. Expedia-funded discounts and coupons, refunds and cancellations, those things all play into it as well. Ultimately, for this year, we're comfortable in the 200 basis point to 400 basis point range. And then, as we move forward into 2019 and beyond, we'll kind of reassess the factors that are contributing there. The one thing I should say is that we do get questions from time to time about whether just an ongoing push by hotel chains to try to get lower commission rates or economics will play into this. We're not looking at it like that. We reset our commission rates purposely over the course of the last number of years. We think we're currently at very fair rates and giving good value for the economics that we get. And so, we don't see that as something that will pressure those rates going forward.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co. LLC: That's great. Thanks so much, Alan.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Next question, please?
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Lloyd Walmsley from Deutsche Bank.
Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. I have two on the add-on program. It looks really interesting and very differentiated. So just starting with the first one, it's probably early, but what are you seeing in terms of just early uptake there? Are you seeing a lift in attach rate on hotel? And do you have a sense for how much of that is incremental versus just a shift in how people are booking? And then, I guess, the second one on the same topic would be as you run these programs, we understand they're mostly net rate programs, but wondering if that's a drag on take rates at all or unit economics, and maybe give us a sense of what percentage of hotel partners are participating in that program. Thanks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Thanks, Lloyd. Listen, it's early, but early indications are very solid. We're seeing higher customer attach rates and essentially higher room night growth than otherwise we would have seen. So we think that it is at least in part incremental, but it's really hard for us to get conclusive on that. What we do know, which is what you called out, it's a highly-differentiated product. It blends two wonderful things about brand Expedia, which is the convenience of having everything all in one place, so if you change plans where things move around, you've got one, quote, travel agent to deal with and they can solve all your problems. And, secondly, it does result in overall lower cost of travel, which, of course, travelers absolutely, absolutely love. In terms of take rates, we don't see this as a significant driver of deteriorating unit economics. We're not going to get into the specifics of how all of this works. I would just say that we've had a very successful package product for a very long period of time, and this is an alteration on the traditional package. In terms of hotel participation, listen, one of the things that hotels, lodging partners generally love about the Expedia Group platform is that it is incredibly targetable. And this gives our hotels the ability, to in a very specifically-fenced way, to target customers not out in the open but to target customers that we know are going to a certain place with a special deal. And so, the hotels that participate, which is the vast majority of them, I think are finding it to be a great program, just like they have our traditional package program. Generally, when hotels get booked with a flight or something else, you get lower cancelation rates, you get longer lengths of stay, and that's generally a great thing for our hotel partners. So, again, it's very early. We like it because it's differentiated both on the customer side of the platform and on the partner side of the platform and it delivers great value to both of them. So we're optimistic about what it can do for us.
Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question, please.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Jed Kelly from Oppenheimer.
Jed Kelly - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Great, thanks for taking my questions. The HomeAway transaction commissions that continue to improve, are you starting to see a higher mix of paid-per listings and, if so, is that being driven more by individual owners or professional property managers? And then I guess on the comment in the release that travelers on HomeAway grew over 40% year-to-year, is there any way to unpack that on how many of that growth was driven by members with new profiles?
Alan Pickerill - Expedia Group, Inc.: Yes, we'll try to be helpful, Jed, I don't think we're going to get to the level of detail that you're looking for. I think, on the listings, it's fair to say that we are seeing  in terms of actual listings, we're seeing an ongoing shift from subscription to pay-per booking that's been going on for a while. I think I mentioned last quarter, it remains true now that in spite of that we still do have a disproportionate SKU of bookings to the subscription products, and that is to be expected as we  or listings as we move through this transition. And so that's kind of ongoing. I don't have the data on  and I'm not sure we would share it, either, on how many of the members were members with new profiles. I don't know, Mark, if you would...
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Well, I would just say that we continue to believe that on both sides of the platform we're getting, obviously you can see it, we're getting many more hosts sign up to the platform based upon our traffic growth and our transaction growth. We think we're getting significantly stronger traveler growth as well.
Jed Kelly - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: And then I guess just to follow-up on the property manager comment on the outside growth or the SKU, I mean, how much of that is being driven by property managers, say, with over thousands of bookings on HomeAway  thousands of listings on HomeAway?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Yeah, I don't think we want to get into that level of detail. Yeah, I mean, I would just say that, generally, the large property managers are the ones that are generally more likely and were some of the earlier adopters to online bookability and to essentially commission-based pay-per booking listings with the individual owners, particularly have large homes, generally preferring or sticking around for the longest time on the subscription model. But it really is a pretty dynamic environment right now with the changes that HomeAway is making to their marketplace, the incentives are constantly shifting, and the performance that property owners and property managers can get from being in the pay-per performance model are increasing over time, and so we expect to continue to see a continued shift across essentially all host categories.
Jed Kelly - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question, please.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Naved Khan from SunTrust.
Naved Khan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yeah, thanks a lot. Just a couple. So was there any impact from the World Cup or GDPR on the room nights? And as we think about the back half, what's the right way to think about room night growth given that the first half was maybe a bit noisy? And then I had a follow-up.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia Group, Inc.: Yeah, so we've talked about this in the past. I mean, when you have big events like this, it could be the Olympics, it could be the World Cup, sometimes it's natural disasters, there are changes in travel patterns. We do think when you have an event as large as the World Cup, you do see a situation where a decent percentage of the population is preoccupied with that event and so you may see overall booking slow a bit during a certain period of time, but usually we would expect that to come back in the form of pent-up demand, and ultimately, we don't think it has anything to do with kind of the longer-term trajectory of the business or anything we're doing strategically. And I should say, too, when you have the event in a particular region or country, in this case, Russia, you do see a pickup in travel into that location as well. As far as thinking about room night growth in the back half of the year, we're not going to get into the specifics. I would say there are a couple of things to consider. One of them is that we will continue with this effort to optimize marketing spend. Now I want to be clear that the effort there, first and foremost, is to root out marketing spend that we can test for and decide is not incremental. And if we're right, then when we don't make that spend, a decent portion of that volume still comes to us. Because by definition what we're trying to do is take out spend for room nights we would've gotten anyway. We probably do lose a little bit around the edges though, around the margins. So we think that could have an impact on room night growth. In terms of the contribution from priority markets, I think Mark mentioned earlier, first and foremost, we're going to look for the result of room night growth in total and for domestic travel in our priority markets and just monitor how that's impacting those markets. At what point it gets big enough to move the needle on the whole business, we're not entirely sure, but we're not counting on a big impact in the back half of the year. And then the last factor I would probably throw out there is just, as a reminder, we had some tough storms in the back half of 2017. That negative impact was more skewed towards EBITDA than it was room night growth because what happens in those storms is you end up with a lot of cancellations and refunds you're giving customers for room nights that you booked and you actually had in the system. So bigger impact on profits than it had on the room night growth, but could provide a minor tailwind in the back half of the year.
Naved Khan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just a quick follow-up. So, I guess, can you give us some additional color on the move to Progressive Web App for Brand Expedia just on the hotel side? How much of the traffic was on this PWA previously and what are the benefits that you may have seen?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Sure. So we've now essentially got the whole hotel piece or at least hotel shopping for Brand Expedia on the Progressive Web App in terms of mobile. And we are really ramping it up through the first  actually really throughout the quarter. And really the benefits, the biggest benefits we see are largely in respect to just the speed. So particularly, in places outside of the U.S. where we had latency issues, speed is significantly faster. And then it really is just, it's a coding framework which allows us to really start to get closer to giving app-like experiences in mobile web experiences. And so that's harder for us to measure now, but it is something we expect will give us benefits over a long time to come. And we are now building more functionality and will be building more of the other lines of business and more of our applications onto the PWA app as well. So we can expect that to give more benefits for us as we move through this year and into 2019.
Naved Khan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Great, thanks a lot.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question, please.
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Peter Stabler from Wells Fargo securities.
Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the question. A couple on brand, if I could. Mark, in the past you've talked about the power of the Expedia brands and the percent of traffic and bookings that come to you directly. Just wondering if you're able to offer a little color on how that might vary across the family on the core brands versus the regional brands versus HomeAway and VRBO and whether you're seeing any impact in the market from the increased brand marketing efforts of some your close competitors. And then just a quick follow-up on the cloud. You spoke earlier about the operational benefits. Is there any way to offer us any sort of quantification on improvement you might expect in terms of conversion, whether it's five bps here, 10 bps there, or any sort of quantification that could help us understand these operational benefits? Thank you very much.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Yeah, you're welcome. So in terms of the power of the Expedia brands, again, the brands in our portfolio, we think, are really amongst, if not, the world-leading brands in travel, many of them, such as Expedia, Hotels.com, have literally had billions of dollars of brand spend, spent to build up customer loyalty in addition to just giving customers great experiences over the long history of those brands. There is variations across the family and a lot of the variation really comes down to how aggressively we're pushing international expansion, because in the more mature markets, where you've got a fully locally-relevant product, you really generally have a significantly larger portion of your business that comes to you directly. So think about Brand Expedia U.S., Hotels.com U.S., Orbitz U.S., Travelocity U.S., are really getting the lion's share of their business through direct and branded channels, such as direct type-in or the mobile applications, or e-mail, et cetera. But as you move further away from your more mature markets and you get into markets, which you are sort of in a growth phase for or new markets, the percentage of direct branded traffic goes down and really the game is to build locally-relevant products in each of these markets. And when you do that, really start to push more of that traffic to come to you via branded channels and more direct. I'd say in terms of competitor activity, it is not a major change. I mean, we have seen, over the course of the last particularly five or six years, various players come in and out of television advertising. If you take the U.S., for example, you saw over the course of the last five years trivago come in very significantly, essentially backed by us. You saw Orbitz and Travelocity pulled back. You saw Booking.com come in in, I think, first 2013. And then, you saw TripAdvisor come in and pulled back, so it's always been a very dynamic environment. But for us, I think television advertising, brand spend, it's always been a key part of our formula, and we're just going to keep doing our things. And we think our capabilities, there are  really have the potential for us to really differentiate ourselves. Not only in the U.S., where it has been, but as we increasingly become locally-relevant in a lot of these other markets, also bringing our expertise globally. In terms of the cloud operational benefits, it's hard for us to completely quantify this for you largely because we're doing a ton of things to drive conversion rates up. What I will do, though, is just underscore for you the operational importance of this. We are essentially rewriting our code base so that it can operate in the cloud and so that it can move seamlessly between AWS and our own data centers and potentially from one cloud environment to another cloud environment over time. We have the brightest engineers, we think, in the industry. No one is doing what we're doing at scale. We are not taking this lightly. But the reason we're doing it is not only because of the financial benefits that Alan is talking about, but it is the operational benefits. And if you want to look at some quantification of this, I would just point you to the marketing optimization efforts that we're doing right now. We've got some of, we think, the leading data scientists now working on data sets up in the cloud environment, who are getting to essentially real-time re-computation of our algorithms. We're building self-learning algorithms and we're able to spool up massive amount of processing capacity, essentially on-demand and then bring it back down, and that is actually helping us deliver some of these marketing optimization benefits that you're seeing. So, it goes beyond just conversion; it goes right to the core of almost everything we do. Our PWA application, for example, I mean that is a cloud native app. A lot of the speed benefits that we talked about, which do deliver conversion benefits outside of  particularly outside of the U.S., this is all enabled by the cloud. So, again, we are at the cutting edge of this. It's a big thing that we're doing. We do already see the operational benefits, but I think we're really just scratching the surface in terms of what we can do.
Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks for the color, Mark.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Yeah. You're welcome. Next question, please.
Operator: Certainly. And, again, to remind everyone that we ask you to please limit yourself to one question. Moving on, we'll go with Douglas Anmuth from JPMorgan.
Douglas T. Anmuth - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the question. Mark, I know you talked how the marketing landscape has cooled just the auction market kind of coming down on performance. Do you think this is the new normal, going forward? And recognizing that you're focused on optimizing efficiency, has this also created some opportunities, though, for you as well? Thanks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Well, it's hard to say in the travel industry whether anything is the new normal. It's always dynamic. It's always been dynamic. I think the one thing, of course, that has created opportunities for us is just our increased capabilities that we have in terms of just bidding more effectively, measuring incrementality with more precision, again, largely driven by the data-driven approach and really massive data sets that we're being able to manipulate and compute up into the cloud environment. And I think that's something that is the new normal. I think the question is, of course, with all of this is you can build competitive advantage, but to sustain it you've got to keep moving. So we're not standing still, we're going to continue to evolve our capabilities in this area. And assuming we do that, I think we can hold this as the new normal. But again, what happens in the overall competitive environment and what happens in these auctions, it's really hard for us to tell at this point.
Douglas T. Anmuth - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question, please?
Operator: Moving on, we'll take our next question from Heath Terry from Goldman Sachs.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great, thank you very much. This is maybe a little bit along the same lines as Doug's question, but to the extent that we've seen your competitors pulling back on their marketing spend, there's generally been a more negative impact to bookings growth for them here this quarter, bookings growth were essentially flat and you guys still saw a pretty significant improvement in sales and marketing efficiencies. So is there something different about the strategy that you're using or the way that you're thinking about this in terms of how you're benefiting from this sort of system-wide reset in ROI targets? And then just if you could maybe update us on any progress that you're making in terms of your work with hotels on leveraging their direct booking pricing models as potentially something that's either having an impact on the business one way or the other or something that you guys could potentially incorporate into some of your channels over time?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Thanks, Heath. It's hard for us to compare what we're doing to what are competitor's doing because, unfortunately, for us, we don't know what they're doing. But I can tell you a little bit about what we're doing and why we may be in a different spot. I think, first of all, when you think about hot advertising auctions, it's generally in auctions where you've got a couple of players who have comparable products, if you will, and they start to bid against each other and that can create situations where you sort of destroy industry economics. I think there could have been some of that happening in markets where both us and our larger competitor and maybe some other players, we're both relatively strong. We're trying to find, of course, these auctions and situations where that type of activity isn't incremental to us and where, hey, the customer were to come back to us together. But the good news, bad news story for us is that there are very few markets where that's the case. I mean, we have not built locally-relevant product offerings in that many markets yet around the world. If you look at the total number of hotel and alternative accommodations properties out there, there's millions of them. We talked about us having, this quarter, 750,000. So we've got a whole bunch of, what I would call, just global expansion to do outside of our core mature markets so that as we pull back or find marketing spend, which is not incremental because we've already got such powerful brands in a lot of these markets and customers are going to come to us anyways, we are able to pull that back, not have a significant impact to bookings. But at the same time be able to actually drive growth in a really healthy way, which is just get more customers, new customers to the platform, more properties to the platform and other products because simply we're just adding more selection and more availability, and that creates great network effect. So that's what we're doing. Listen, in terms of the hotel direct pricing model and any impact to our business, again, we've been saying this for a long time, we have not seen an impact to our business, our customers, our brand agnostic. That's why they come to us. We don't like the practice, we think that it's not a great thing for the industry, it's not a great thing for our value proposition if there's a big message out there that you get lower prices elsewhere. But, so far, our customers haven't really cared, because they don't really look for a specific branded hotel. We think that's a great opportunity for a lot of our partners and a lot of our more forward-thinking partners have taken advantage of that and have used our channel as a way to sign up new customers and new loyalty members. And the partners that we have had signed up to that program have generally, and I think without exception, cited great results. We are always having conversations with additional partners. We love to test this stuff. So I would invite all of our partners, large and small, to come forward and we'll do a test with you and see if it works. Again, for the most part, I think without exception, it's been a good thing for us. So, again, I think this is an evolving area for us and we're hopeful as with the large chains and the small chains that we can collectively find win-win situations where we can drive incremental value for everyone across the platform.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks, Mark.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question, please?
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Mike Olson from Piper Jaffray.
Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hey. Good afternoon. You talked about the priority markets for new inventory. What are those markets where you're adding and saw acceleration? I guess, I could take a guess, but if you could say more specifically. And then, looking beyond alternative accommodations, what's your appetite for other booking products, like tourist attractions, et cetera, that maybe just there's too much fish to fry in hotel and alternative accommodations to bother with that at this point?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Well, Mike, I can't tell you my secrets, so I won't tell you. But I bet you, you've got a pretty good guess. In any event, we're happy with the progress there. I would just tell you that there are important markets out there. It's the beginning. It's the wave one. We'll be doing other markets around the world in future years. So for competitive reasons, I'm not going to call out exactly what they are. In terms of appetite for other products beyond hotel alternative accommodations, listen, it's a voracious appetite. I mean, we have been the ones that have been building and investing this multi-product platform for years. This year, we'll spend approaching $1 billion just on the P&L and our tech platform investments. It's what we do. And in doing that, we built the world's travel platform, and yet we're still early days in terms of building real liquid marketplaces across all the lines of business. Yes, we are investing right now and making sure that we've got a locally relevant product in the hotel and alternative accommodations marketplace in priority countries, and we're going to move that around the world. But sure to follow, we're making sure that we do that as well in those priority markets across air, car, activities, cruise and we love the cruise business. I think we're just at the very early, early stages. So we've gone through a multi-year investment cycle. I think we're uniquely positioned to build incredible marketplaces not only in standalone basis, but also increase the sophistication within which we can cross-sell and create network effects across all of these different product categories. And I think if you look out over the course of the next two to five years, that's going to be an increased focus for us. It's something that our customers love and you can see a piece of it already with add-on advantage. It's also something that our partners love as well.
Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: And at this time, I'd like to turn the conference back over to Mark Okerstrom for any additional or closing remarks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Well, firstly, I just want to thank everyone for listening in today. Secondly, I just really want to thank the entire Expedia Group team. In a very short time, we have made some very significant changes in the way that we operate at Expedia Group, and I am more impressed than ever with our incredible employees around the world. I know I speak for all of them when I say that we are so excited about the enormous opportunities in front of us. With that, I'll turn it back over to the operator.
Operator: And at this time, that will conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Unverified Participant Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc. Alan Pickerill - Expedia Group, Inc.
Analysts: Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC Justin Post - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch Deepak Mathivanan - Barclays Capital, Inc. Jed Kelly - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Mike J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co. Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Tom White - D.A. Davidson & Co. Douglas T. Anmuth - JPMorgan Securities LLC Brent Thill - Jefferies LLC Naved Khan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. Ronald V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Mark A. May - Citi Investment Research
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Expedia Group Q1 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Michael Senno, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Unverified Participant: Good afternoon and welcome to Expedia Group's Financial Results Conference Call for the first quarter ended March 31, 2018. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by Mark Okerstrom, Expedia's CEO and President; and Alan Pickerill, our CFO. The following discussion including responses to your questions reflects management's views as of today, April 26, 2018, only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate, or similar statements. Please refer to today's earnings release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors, which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You will find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the company's Investor Relations website at ir.expediagroup.com and I encourage you to periodically visit our IR website for other important content, including today's earnings release. Unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense and technology and content expense exclude stock-based compensation and depreciation expense and all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2017. One additional item to note, in this quarter's earnings release we presented financial results both for Expedia Group in total and excluding trivago in order to provide increased transparency on the underlying performance of our transactional businesses. You will find reconciliations for non-GAAP measures excluding trivago in our earnings release. Finally, a reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA guidance to the closest corresponding GAAP measure is not provided because we are unable to predict the ultimate outcome of certain significant items without unreasonable efforts. These items include but are not limited to foreign exchange, returns on investment spending, and acquisition-related restructuring expenses. As such, the items that are excluded from our non-GAAP guidance are uncertain, depend on various factors and could have a material impact on GAAP results for the guidance period. And with that, let me turn the call over to Mark.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Thanks, Michael, and welcome aboard. We're off to a good start in 2018 with gross bookings and revenue, each increasing a healthy 15% in the first quarter and adjusted EBITDA coming in a bit ahead of our expectations. We're also continuing to make excellent progress on our key strategic initiatives aimed at positioning us even better to delivered sustained healthy top and bottom-line growth for many years to come. Helped in part by Easter timing, total lodging stayed room nights grew 15% in the quarter, led by 16% growth at our global growth brands, Brand Expedia, Hotels.com, Expedia Partner Solutions and Egencia. HomeAway was also a factor posting strong room night growth at 36% year-over-year. We accelerated the pace of new property additions for our global lodging portfolio, directly adding 50,000 properties in addition to making another 25,000 HomeAway properties available to our core OTA brands. All told, we now count over 665,000 properties in our core lodging portfolio. While we're still ramping up our supply initiatives in the first quarter, the pace of property acquisitions in our priority markets has begun to accelerate and we expect property growth in these markets to pick up further in the second quarter and continue as we move through the year. Overall, we remain on track to add more than 180,000 new properties directly to our global lodging portfolio for the full year, while continuing to integrate additional HomeAway properties. HomeAway delivered another strong quarter with 46% growth in gross bookings, benefiting from our ongoing efforts to ramp and optimize performance marketing, as well as an increase in conversion from continued improvements in customer and partner-facing experiences. That also pushed HomeAway's online and reported gross bookings to $10 billion on a trailing-12-month basis, a nice milestone as the team continues to make great strides in transitioning to a true e-commerce business. It's still early days and we have lots of work to do, but we continue to see a tremendous opportunity ahead in the $120 billion alternative-accommodation space. Egencia grew gross bookings 15%, exceeding $2 billion in quarterly bookings for the first time, while first quarter revenue was up a solid 23%. We posted another quarter of over 20% year-over-year growth in new-client signings as the investments we've made in Egencia sales team over the past year continue to pay dividends. So we have good momentum in this business, a healthy sales pipeline, and we're progressing well towards hitting our ambitious goals for Egencia. As expected, challenges at trivago continued in the first quarter with revenue down modestly on a stand-alone currency-neutral basis. trivago is expecting top and bottom-line pressure to continue into the second quarter with trends improving in the back half of the year. Last month we launched a new corporate identity reflecting our increasingly global focus and the powerful global travel platform we've become. Our new identity is symbolic of the next chapter in the Expedia Group journey, which we began late last year. On a go-forward basis and more than ever, our efforts are squarely aimed at leveraging the full scale of our global platform and improving operations across the portfolio of assets we've built and bought over the years. While there is still lot to do, the steps we've already taken give us increased confidence in our ability to deliver strong growth and share gains in this huge $1.6 trillion market for many years to come With that, I'll turn it over to Alan.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia Group, Inc.: Thanks, Mark. We were pleased to deliver healthy top-line growth in the first, helped in part by Easter timing and foreign currency. Lodging revenue, including both Hotel and HomeAway, grew 15%, in line with the stayed room night growth. The shift in Easter timing added an estimated 150 basis points to total lodging room-night growth. Excluding HomeAway, revenue per room night was flat, while average daily rates grew approximately 5% year-over-year, a slightly smaller gap than last quarter. We continue to expect the gap between revenue per room-night and average daily rates to narrow as we move through the year. HomeAway revenue increased 26% on strong stayed-property-night growth of 36%. HomeAway's transactional revenue grew 70% in the quarter, while subscription revenue declined 29%, in line with our expectations. While the seasonality of the business can obscure it, we're pleased with our continued progress in monetization. As we continue to progress our transition to a transactional business, we do anticipate further declines in our subscription base and currently expect subscription revenue to decrease in the mid-20% range for the full year. HomeAway's negative $21 million in adjusted EBITDA in the first quarter was in line with our expectations, due in part to the planned investments in performance-based marketing. That contributed to HomeAway's very strong growth in gross bookings and will drive revenue growth in future quarters. We also continued to invest in both consumer and supplier-facing products and HomeAway's migration to the cloud. Total advertising and media revenue was up 10% for the quarter, as a benefit from foreign exchange more than offset local currency revenue declines at trivago. Our Media Solutions business delivered solid 14% growth. Air revenue grew 11% with a 1% increase in air tickets sold and 10% growth in revenue per ticket. Two changes that took effect this quarter drove the majority of air revenue growth. One relates to distribution fees previously classified as contra revenue now classified in cost of revenue. The other is a reclassification of certain customer refunds from air revenue to insurance. Neither of these changes has an impact on overall profitability. All Other revenue increased 18% in the first quarter, reflecting healthy growth in car rental and travel insurance. Turning to adjusted expenses, in line with our expectations for the quarter, each category grew faster than revenue due to a combination of our key strategic initiatives and ongoing investments along with elevated spending at trivago and a foreign currency impact. Cost of revenue grew slightly faster than revenue in the quarter, similar to what we expect for the full year. Cloud costs contributed about 350 basis points to that growth and the accounting change related to air revenue added a 200 basis point headwind. Total selling and marketing increased 19%, growing a bit faster than revenue. The primary drivers of de-leverage in direct selling and marketing were trivago, the acceleration in marketing spend at HomeAway, and continued growth at Expedia Partner Solutions. Indirect selling and marketing growth was elevated, given the increased head count associated with our supply initiative and the sales team at Egencia. We continue to expect selling and marketing to grow faster than revenue for the full year. Technology and content expenses grew 27% during the quarter, as we've increased head count over the last year to invest in platform and product across the organization; most notably at HomeAway. Our cloud migration and the inorganic impact from acquisitions each contributed around 300 basis points of growth. Given these investments, we continue to expect technology and content to de-leverage for the rest of the year. General and administrative expenses also grew faster than revenue on increased staffing that mainly took place in the second half of last year, notably at trivago and HomeAway. The inorganic impact from acquisitions also added about 250 basis points of growth. Looking ahead, we expect growth in general and administrative expenses to slow slightly in the second quarter and moderate further in the second half of 2018 as comps become easier. We remain on track to see solid leverage on general and administrative expenses for the full year. In terms of capital allocation, our historic balanced approach remains the same. Year-to-date, we made $268 million in share repurchases, taking in 2.5 million shares at an average price of $107. We also paid $46 million in dividends. We are returning capital to shareholders, while also investing responsibly in organic initiatives across the business, given the significant opportunities we have in front of us. As always, we will continue to look at M&A opportunistically. Turning to our financial expectations for the year, we are reiterating our guidance for consolidated adjusted EBITDA growth of 6% to 11%, or 10% to 15% excluding cloud. Our outlook incorporates the updated adjusted EBITDA guidance trivago provided yesterday, and we now expect trivago to be an approximate 200 to 400 basis point headwind on our consolidated adjusted EBITDA growth. Before closing, I want to highlight a few items to keep in mind for the balance of the year. First, we are expecting slightly slower room night growth in the second quarter due to a few factors. As I mentioned earlier, Easter stays shifted largely into the first quarter this year. We are also facing more difficult room night comps due to the acceleration we saw from the first to the second quarter last year. In addition, we are increasingly looking for ways to better optimize direct marketing spend, which could have a marginally negative impact on unit growth. Second, turning to the shape of the year, we continue to expect more than 100% of our adjusted EBITDA growth to come in the second half of the year. I also want to note a few below-the-line items. We plan to redeem our 7.5% coupon bonds that mature in August and, as a result, expect net interest expense to be approximately flat for the full year. And lastly moving to taxes, based on our current analysis of the impact of U.S. tax reform, we expect our full-year effective tax rate to be a bit below the new U.S. corporate tax rate of 21%. This could change as we continue to receive additional guidance and interpretation of the tax law. In closing, though it's still early in the year, we are pleased with how we're executing and remain confident in our ability to deliver on our financial expectations for the year. With that, operator, we're ready to take our first question.
Operator: Thank you. And we will take our first question from Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Mark, you there?
Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Sorry, I was on mute. I apologize. As you build up this inventory both for traditional accommodation  especially for traditional accommodations, can you talk about what you're already seeing in terms of conversion rates revenue? I don't know if there's any impact on ADRs. I think there's a very well-known reason why you're trying to build up that  a very thoughtful reason for why you're trying to build up that inventory. But have you already started to see the flywheels off of that increase in inventory? Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Sure. Well, with relation to the stuff we've already started this year, it's still pretty early. We did acquire 50,000 properties in the first quarter, but that built as we moved through the quarter. So it is a bit early. I mean, historically, what we have seen is that conversion does improve as you add more property density into a destination. So we do expect to see that. We have seen some pockets of nice acceleration in some of our wave one countries. We do believe that this is in part driven by the property acquisition push, but again, it's too early for us to call victory on this by any means. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our next question from Justin Post with Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post - Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you. A couple questions. Could you just help us understand how HomeAway dynamics are going to work in the second half with the 46% bookings growth? Any thoughts on what the organic rate is? I know there's a transition online that's helping you. Is the whole platform growing? Do you think it is? Maybe some thoughts on that? And then finally with trivago, it's clearly one of the big advertisers, we think Booking.com is pulling out are you getting the benefit to your room nights as they spend less on that platform? Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: So, Justin. On HomeAway, I would just say both is occurring. I mean, there was a book of business that existed when we acquired the company two years ago. That was estimated at that time at around $15 billion. You know, our belief is that that has grown in the two years that we acquired the company, so there is a tailwind associated with the existing customers and existing supply partners transacting more and more online. But the company is growing organically as well and one of the best examples of that I think is that they've been able to stand up a proper performance-based marketing team really for the first time in the history of that company and invest in ad words on Google and bring in traffic that way, and that is part of what's driving the 46% gross bookings growth. So what the kind of pure, pure organic growth rate would be if the all of the book of business that was already involved in the platform was online it's difficult to say, other than we think the industry is growing and there should be plenty of room for very healthy growth for that business for a long time.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia Group, Inc.: And certainly we see traffic growing nicely. We've certainly seen a pretty significant increase in the number of properties on the platform over the period as well, so we do believe the overall volume is growing. With respect to trivago, it's an interesting dynamic I think, what we see is that Booking.com does appear to be pulling back. I think that's pretty clear and it's an auction and so the auction essentially adjusts. That said, trivago is adjusting their marketing spend as well, and so overall volume isn't growing as quickly as it has in the past. So it's not really us versus them situation. We continue to react to the auction or at least our big brands do, and the overall channel is a little bit slower than it has been in the past just, given the pull-back on marketing.
Operator: Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Next question, please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Deepak Mathivanan from Barclay's.
Deepak Mathivanan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Two questions for me. So first, the de-leverage in direct marketing was better compared to last quarter. You discussed the trends in trivago in a way that was pretty helpful, but can you comment on the trends in the core OTA business? And as we think about 2Q and beyond, can we expect similar trends in there? And then second question, as you continue to add more properties in these markets have you ramped marketing spend on these regions already? So do you feel like you are gaining market share at this point or is it too early to say?
Alan Pickerill - Expedia Group, Inc.: Yeah, so Deepak, on your first question, I would say as you alluded to and as we said, the de-leverage in the quarter principally came from trivago and HomeAway. What's happening on the other side of the business is a combination of factors. One is that we do continue to grow those businesses globally. We do push on some marketing in the international markets and, as we said before, when we do that, those new markets or newer markets are going to be at lower market efficiencies than established businesses. Having said that, we are also looking for opportunities to optimize in the marketing channel. We're looking for inefficient spend that has low probability of repeat and are willing to make trade-offs where we may get better profit  eliminate some of that spending, get better profitability and the result may be slightly slower room-night growth in those circumstances, but we think those are good trade-offs for us to be making. So we saw good traction on that in the quarter across a couple of the big brands.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: And Deepak, with respect to the priority markets where we're adding properties more significantly, generally, yes, we are ramping marketing spend. First of all, we are being a little bit more focused in terms of our global offline or brand spend and focusing it, not dramatically, but certainly incrementally, on the target markets where we're building stronger positions. And then secondly, as we add new properties, we are entering new auctions that exist in performance marketing channels where we simply couldn't spend historically. So almost definitionally, we are gaining market share. We do monitor the impact on our existing properties very closely and make sure that growth into new properties isn't coming at the expense of our existing partners.
Operator: Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Next question, please.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jed Kelly with Oppenheimer.
Jed Kelly - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Just on HomeAway, is there anything that you've seen that indicates it's going to be sort of harder to replicate the success you've had with HomeAway in the United States is going to be harder to replicate in international markets? And then sort of, I guess, Airbnb's been testing a  removing the traveler fee to reduce some friction. Do you ever foresee where potentially you shift more of the fees to the host versus the traveler? Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Thanks, Jed. I would say that generally everything outside of the U.S. is harder than the U.S., and I think we learned this very early in our core OTA business that being multi-language, being multi-currency, it is a little bit more challenging, and in a lot of these markets there are other players there that we have to compete with versus the U.S. where the HomeAway and particularly the VR brand was really one of the first and is so exceptionally strong. That said, we do think there is a big opportunity there, and we are starting to see some nice growth in a number of markets because the product is great, and customers want it, and customers want to have choice when they're shopping around for alternative accommodations and, as HomeAway or VRBO steps up their efforts in international markets, there's certainly a willing and receptive market for them both on the host or supplier side and on the consumer side, but it is a little bit more challenging. With respect to Airbnb testing the removal of the traveler fee, listen, HomeAway has been in the great position of having a combination of all monetization models for a while. We think it's important to have that flexibility. I think that all of the alternative accommodations players out there are likely to have some combination in the near term. I think that as the overlap between properties amongst the players gets larger and I think that will happen over time, I expect that the monetization will shift a little bit more to supplier pays and away from traveler pays based on what we've seen in other industries, but right now that's just an expectation. We don't really know at this point. Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. And we'll take our next question from Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray.
Mike J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hey. Good afternoon. Regarding the expectation for slowing room-night growth in Q2, could you just elaborate on what you said related to optimizing marketing spend? What kinds of changes are you making there? And maybe just so models don't end up all over the place, maybe you could say approximately how much you expect room nights could decelerate by? Thanks.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia Group, Inc.: Well, on the second part, I'm not going to go there. I mean we don't guide on room nights, and we don't guide by quarters. So I'm happy to give the directional indicator, but not going to try to put a pin in it. Yeah. I mean on the other bid, again, I mean for competitive reasons we'd probably rather not be super specific here, but the fact is that we spend billions of dollars on selling and marketing every year, and a lot of that is geared towards trying to drive traffic related to hotel shoppers and bookers. And that we've always had efforts in place to try and optimize channels, make sure we're getting the most bang for our buck in given channels, but we also increasingly are interested in finding pockets of spend that we think is not efficient enough or doesn't drive the opportunity for repeat traffic. So, I don't want to be specific about channels or specific geos, but we'll look for that. Now  and I don't want to overstate it either. I mean, the issue is that there's a huge growth opportunity in front of us and we're definitely biased towards global growth, so think of this I think as a little bit more around the edges and trying to optimize the channels. I don't know if...
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: I think you said it very well, Alan. Thank you. Next question, please.
Operator: We'll take the next question from Eric Sheridan with UBS.
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the question. Maybe following up on that, just trying to tease out a little bit of within global brands versus some of the acquired and regional properties. Is there anything you can give us the way you're attributing marketing? Is it a function of your aiming for growth in the global brands that we're seeing numbers like up 16% and we should be thinking about the percentage of bookings that aren't tied to that as sort of being run-off or just run for profit? How should we be thinking about that narrative as we move through the year? And then second question, is there any way to call out headwinds and tailwinds from Easter of what it contributed to Q1 or what it might create in terms of Q2? I didn't hear that during the prepared remarks. Didn't know if you wanted to frame that for folks. Thanks, guys.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: So I'll take the first one, Eric, and then I'll turn the Easter question over to Alan. You know, generally the strategy on the global brands versus the regional brands remains the same. The global brands are increasing their footprint around the world are pushing growth and building strong brand positions around the world and as a result, we are allocating a significantly larger portion of our marketing spend both online and offline towards those brands. That said, the regional brands still have a loyal following and continue to be great profit generators and our goal with those brands is to have them growth broadly in line with market in which they operate and most of them are in the more mature U.S. markets. So growth rates are a little bit more modest or a lot more modest than we see in the global growth brands. So that's basically the strategy. It hasn't changed much and I think as we move through the year, our goal is to try to grow those regional brands as well as we can with an eye to profitability. And our expectation is that we will continue to do that, but we do expect it's always going to be a large bit slower growth than we see in the global growth brands.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia Group, Inc.: Yeah. And then, Eric, on the Easter impact, what I said in the prepared remarks was that it was about a  we estimate it to be about a 150 basis point benefit to Q1 room night growth. The impact on, call it, the traditional core OTA side of that is a bit lower. The impact on HomeAway was quite a bit higher than that, and that makes sense given the mix of those two businesses. It's tricky this year because Easter fell on April 1st as you know. And so, some of the stays happened before and some of the stays happened after Easter, so a little trickier to estimate. But those are the numbers that we provided.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Next question, please.
Operator: We'll next go to Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. Alan, I was hoping maybe you could disaggregate a little bit the 240 basis points of incremental marketing cost that we saw on a year-over-year basis this quarter. How much of that should we think of as sales in the form of people out getting new hotels signed up for the platform versus the cost of driving bookings in the quarter? And then, Mark, you made the point that you guys don't give quarterly guidance, but you actually did give pretty specific quarterly guidance back at the beginning of March for EBITDA in Q1 and then came in significantly above the EBITDA guidance that that you gave. Wondering how much of that was the quarter was significantly better than  or the last a few weeks of the quarter were significantly better than you expected they were going to be at that point? And if that's the case, how much of that momentum has carried forward into Q2?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Sure. So I'll take the second question and then turn it to Alan for the marketing question. That was Alan that said that. It wasn't me, so just to clarify. The fact we did.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia Group, Inc.: We usually say the same thing.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: We did break our practice because we felt it was appropriate. We saw a combination of things. We did, in the core OTA business, see real legitimate stronger performance  better revenue performance and more efficient marketing spend and we found that encouraging. We did also, as Alan mentioned, benefit from Easter shifts in  you pick up a couple of days more than you think you will in stays and it can help as well. So it wasn't all just pure organic goodness, but there was a healthy dose of organic goodness in the results as well. I think, so far, Q2 looks broadly, as Alan said, we are expecting some deceleration on tougher comps and the beginning part of April was a little bit choppy just due to the Easter comps. But we continue to feel good about the overall strength of the business and confident about our full-year guidance. Alan will take on marketing.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia Group, Inc.: Yes. And then, Heath, on the marketing bid, if I understood the question correctly, I think the way I would do it is take a look at the numbers ex-trivago, so you can isolate trivago's impact on selling and marketing de-leverage. And then specifically, once you do that if you take a look at the relative growth rates of direct selling and marketing, that's really the category that has all of the real selling and marketing  performance-based marketing, television advertising, et cetera, that I think you would categorize as what's intended to drive gross bookings. And then, the indirect  and that was up  on an ex-trivago basis, was up 15%. The indirect selling and marketing is the people costs and it's not all our lodging partner services team. There's head count for Egencia and for our partner solutions business in there, which I'm not going to get into that level of detail. But that line was up 29% year-over-year and, again, you can kind of get down to the dollar impacts as well. That's probably the way I would tear it apart to kind of answer the question that I think you're after.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Next question, please.
Operator: Thank you. We'll go to Lloyd Walmsley with Deutsche Bank.
Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. I have a couple, if I can. First, just on the supply acquisition effort. Can you give us a sense for how much visibility you have across that process from adding each employee how many hotels they can add, how they perform in meta search when you plug it in, and then conversion rate lifts, repeat rates. Is that a well-worn path where you can project all of this with a good deal of certainty? And how, I guess, are the early innings progressing versus planned? And then, second one, can you give us an update for the HomeAway gross bookings? What percent of those carry traveler fees and what percent also carry host fees? And how is that changing? Are you continuing to book more and more on  or more away from subscription? And just when do you think your total revenue, as a percent of gross bookings, will start to rise?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Lloyd, I'll take the first one and then turn the second one over to Alan. On the supply efforts, we have good and trying to get to great visibility into the end-to-end process of adding properties, having content build, having marketing campaigns propagated and, ultimately, delivering first booking to properties. So I'd say, good on that upfront. We do have teams working very diligently on giving us better visibility into that and really tracking that like a true manufacturing process. Where we don't yet have great visibility for the properties that we're adding is impact yet on conversion rates and repeat rates. We certainly have the capability to do that, and we have done that historically. And really that's what gave us  one of the pieces that gave us such great confidence that this was the right strategic direction to go. But we're not yet seeing significant impact on that because it's simply too early, given the rate at which we're adding these properties, but also too early in terms of the traveler frequency cycle or purchase frequency cycle that exists in the travel market. So I'd say we are in early innings here, but, again, the teams are working on getting to a point where we can really demonstrate true operational excellence, and we do have good confidence that we'll see the results in conversion rates and repeat rates that you're referencing.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia Group, Inc.: And, Lloyd, on the HomeAway question, there's a couple of things. I mean, I probably won't get to the level of detail that you're looking for on this. I think the  but just directionally, the fact is that a big percentage of the listings, the online bookable listings, are on pay-per-booking on HomeAway, but there's still a big, I call it disproportionate or out-sized percentage of the bookings happening on subscription properties. So for all bookings on the platform there is a traveler service fee, but for a good number of the bookings there still is not a host fee. Those are still coming through subscription and so that will continue to evolve as the business goes forward and as more and more of the business moves over to pay-per-booking. I would say we're kind of in mid innings on that. As regards the blended take rate, I think that we will see some  the biggest impact there in my mind is just the fact that subscription continues to be a headwind for us. Now it shifted from being both a volume and rate headwind to being essentially just a volume headwind and I think once we kind of fully normalize the subscription side of that business then the take rate can start to normalize. One of the ways that we try to get a little kind of better visibility on the trend there is to look at it on a trailing 12-month basis and/or full-year basis, and so you can see like I think in 2017 the revenue margin for HomeAway was 10.3% or 10.4%, and that's going to come down in 2018, but not substantially. I think it'll be in and around that area.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Next question, please.
Operator: We'll go to Peter Stabler with Wells Fargo Securities.
Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks very much. Another one on VacationRentals. Given the pressure in performance marketing channels and given the brand strength of your key rival in the space, wondering if you think the multi-brand strategy is in any way a disadvantage. I understand in international regions you have dominant country brands, but let's say in the U.S. when you're looking at VRBO and HomeAway, to what extent is there consumer confusion? To what extent is there property-host confusion? And is this a disadvantage for you when you're up against a single brand with so much power? Thanks so much.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Yeah, listen, I think it's certainly an added degree of complexity operationally. I do think that we are ultimately dividing our marketing spend in terms of brand building across a couple of different brands, if you take the U.S. for example, and that issue does exist around the world. We do, however, have a good loyal customer following for each of these brands, so we do have to be careful in terms of how we treat them. We do have to be careful not to just disregard any of them. But I do think it is a disadvantage in terms of complexity. But so far it has  it's not been a material deterrent for us growing this business exceptionally well, and we don't expect it'll hold us back, but certainly if we were able to concentrate all of our marketing dollars and all of the customer and supplier-side loyalty in one brand, it would be a simplifier in our life, and I think could be a benefit. Next question, please.
Operator: We'll next go to Tom White with D. A. Davidson.
Tom White - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Just quickly on the EBITDA growth guidance. So, it's affirmed versus what you guys had before despite obviously weaker outlook for trivago. Can you just remind us what you guys had anticipated for trivago? I feel like maybe it was supposed to be breakeven EBITDA, but if you could just clarify that. And then the property supply initiative and the impact on revenue margins, it looked like revenue margins in the core OTA business were up a bit. As you guys look to contract with more hotels, some of which might be kind of big Booking.com customers, do you expect any pressure on revenue margins in order to kind of get in there? Or are those properties kind of eager to have another kind of distribution channel to sort of play against your competitor? Thanks.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia Group, Inc.: Hey, Tom. It's Alan. Yeah, on your first question, I don't want to give the specifics, I mean, we  they didn't guide that specifically in Q1, nor did we, but we did have a full year loss baked into our guidance for trivago for 2018 on our prior call. The guidance that they gave yesterday is updated and is worse than that what we had assumed. But I don't want to get into the specifics of what we assumed in the Q1 call  or Q4 call. Sorry.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: And, Tom, just in terms of our supply initiative and our impact on revenue margins, we do not use our revenue margins or discounting them as any sort of competitive weapon generally when we show up to properties. They are eager to have new distribution channels. Our demand footprint, the ability for us to target demand by country, the ability for us to include properties in package paths, which are generally places where our suppliers or new suppliers want to play give us at least a differentiated offering to properties than what our competitor has. So generally they are happy to see us and generally they are happy to pay the market-based prices that we offer for distribution. Next question, please.
Operator: We'll next go to Douglas Anmuth with JPMorgan.
Douglas T. Anmuth - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to ask two. First, there's been a lot of movement in the activity space recently. I was just hoping you could give us a better understanding of how you're positioned there and how it's  how you're thinking about it in terms of packaging and the shopping cart. And then, secondly, we heard obviously trivago's view of the performance marketing space. I was curious just to get a little better understanding from you in terms of your brands and how you're thinking about profitability targets. Thanks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Thanks, Doug. We feel good about our current position in activities. It is a place where we've highlighted over the course of the last six months or so where we're interested in stepping up our efforts. We do have a things-to-do or activities business that in total is north of $0.5 billion in bookings in Q1. It grew north of 20% year-over-year in terms of transactions. So we've got a big business. It's growing nicely, but we do think there's a lot more we can do. I think inclusion in shopping cart or a shopping cart-type product is certainly something we're looking at as we continue to roll out the functionality of that product. I think there's a big standalone opportunity. I think the fact that our brands have, I think, now over 250 some odd million app downloads, gives us the opportunity to make offers in destination. We've already got the connection with the customer. So we do think there's a world of opportunity here. We feel good about our organic positioning, but there are always M&A opportunities out there and we will be very disciplined in looking at those and we'll be opportunistic. In terms of trivago's view of the performance marketing space and how we're thinking about the profitability targets for our brands, as Alan mentioned, we are on the margin working to be a little bit more disciplined and perhaps an inch more analytically driven in looking at our performance marketing spend and making sure that we, to the best of our ability, are able to concentrate spend in places that we feel are incremental, places where we feel like we can drive good, strong, loyal customer repeat rates and where efficiencies are acceptable. Again it's not a huge C-change for us; it is really on the margin. But we are looking for places to be more efficient, to be sure. Next question, please.
Operator: We'll next go to Brent Thill with Jefferies.
Brent Thill - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. I was wondering if you could just give us an update on the transition date of the U.S. with Amazon and maybe just give us a sense of your expectation of when the lodging stack gets fully ported over.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Sure. So the transition continues to go well. First of all, the teams are very happy with the transition and are very happy with what it's like to operate in the cloud environment. That said, we are being very deliberate about it. We are not sort of running wild into the cloud. We're making sure we do it in the right way and we continue to make great progress in moving the lodging stack over. We do expect to have the vast majority of it over towards the end of this year, but we are being careful, making sure that we do it in the right way and that we're mindful of costs as we do it. Next question, please.
Operator: We'll next go to Naved Khan with SunTrust.
Naved Khan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yeah, thank you very much. I had a couple of questions. So, can you just comment on the performance of the inventory you brought over from HomeAway on the Core OTA? And then can you also comment on expectations from maybe potential impact on GDPR rollout in Europe and how we should think about it?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Sure. So the inventory on HomeAway, again, I think we've got over 150,000, 175,000 properties on right now. Predominantly, the experimentation is happening on Brand Expedia points of sale, as well as the other multi-products points of sale: Orbitz, Travelocity, et cetera. It's good. It's not in the grand scheme of things of our business. It's not yet at a point where it's a big driver for us. The teams are continuing to look at ways to optimize and search and optimize for sort order, find those situations, for example, large groups where it's quite obvious that a whole home will be better. So it's still in the early stages, I would say. But we are optimistic that it's going to be a nice driver for us. In terms of GDPR in Europe, from a financial perspective, no meaningful impact operationally. We are working hard to make sure that we are in compliance, and we're certainly well aware of what we need to do. And the teams are diligently going against putting the appropriate infrastructure and safeguards in place. Next question, please.
Operator: We'll next go to Ron Josey with JMP Securities.
Ronald V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe a quick follow-up to the one you just answered around HomeAway integration on Expedia. So I think you said you're optimizing for sort order and trying to figure everything out. Would it be helpful if you put more  why not put more properties on faster? I think you're at 175,000 now and that's relative to the 665,000 in total globally. So that's question one as a follow-up. And just bigger picture, Mark, past three quarters international bookings have been 39-plus-percent of total bookings versus, call it, mid-30s prior. I know you can't put like one thing on it, but can you just talk about the international business? Might just be all hotels here, but how you're investing here and then how you see this play out longer term? Thanks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Sure. The gate on putting more properties on faster, honestly, it's largely an operational gate. Yes, Brand Expedia continues to lead the charge in testing user interfaces, but there's also a significant piece of work that needs to be done on the part of the hosts and property manager partners to make sure that we can serve up availability quickly and make sure that the prices that a Brand Expedia customer sees is the prices that they get when they roll through. And some of the complications here include things like a lot of alternative accommodations are used to charging by the week, and we've got to translate that into a daily rate. And there's just a lot of operational stuff that has to happen not only in our Core OTA brands, not only at HomeAway, but also from our partners. So we'll get there. It's just a matter of a lot of sausage-making, as we like to say. In terms of international bookings, one thing to note, particularly, this quarter is foreign exchange is a big tailwind for us. So I think if you look at the FX-neutral numbers, you won't see as much of a significant acceleration. That said, we are pressing internationally. And we do expect that, over time, as we concentrate in our priority markets now here in 2018 and subsequently roll out more groups of priority markets where we go in and work to essentially build a hugely competitive product both for suppliers and customers, that we should be able to deliver better growth rates, international bookings, also international room nights. And we would hope that we're able to do it in a way that delivers better marketing efficiencies for us over time, because we're just able to garner more overall brand loyalty. Next question, please.
Operator: We'll next go to Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley.
Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking my questions. I have two. The first one on the supply efforts and building the Lodging Partner Services team. I guess the question is, Mark, as you look kind of the plan for the year, where are you now in your plan of your overall hiring for the year? Should we still expect a significant step-up in that in the back half of the year to hit your hiring goals? And then as we go into next year, by the time you get through 2018, will you have scaled that team enough or should we think of this as  sort of this as an ongoing process as we see the opportunity to continue to add more bodies and more properties in 2019 and 2020 and beyond? And the second one on free cash flow conversion. Understanding free cash flow temporarily compressed by headquarters and cloud integration, duplicative costs, how do you think about free cash flow conversion potential as you get into 2019 and 2020 and start to realize the benefits of the cloud and you get rid of some of these one-time and duplicative costs?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: So, Brian, on the supply efforts, there are two, call it, bodies of work here. One is a significant ramp-up in our priority markets where we're hiring up hundreds of new folks, both salespeople, but operational people. In that regard, we're largely done hiring those folks, if not nearly completely done. And I think we've said that this overall supply investment is in the ballpark of $50 million or so, and that'll be the impact this year. And this is a big push for us. In the grand scheme of our expense base, it's not a massive investment, but it is a significant investment. So that's bucket number one. Bucket number two is we are still acquiring properties at a much more, call it, measured pace in other parts of the market and there is some, I would just say, ordinary course head count growth in those markets. Nothing as dramatic or significant as we see in the priority markets. In terms of 2019, again, we are watching very closely the results of this effort, and we'll make a call towards the end of 2018 in terms of what we do in terms of incremental head count growth. But I would reiterate that, again in the grand scheme of our overall expense base and the grand scheme of our overall, I think pretty consistent approach to how we balance long-term growth and short-term growth and the way that we're generally gearing this business to be able to deliver nice solid earnings growth in the near-term and also invest in the long-term. I wouldn't necessarily take comments that we might make around further investments and supply head count is necessarily indicating that we're going to depress our overall earnings growth because of it. So, again, we do believe in this. We are likely to continue on this path, but I wouldn't take it as a sign that we're going to accept lower earnings growth than we have historically. Alan, do you want to take the...
Alan Pickerill - Expedia Group, Inc.: Yeah, so on the free cash flow conversion relative to EBITDA, I mean, I'm not going to get specific here in terms of numbers. I think that we have the opportunity to have a very healthy conversion rate here in this business, and there's a few factors to consider. I mean I guess to the  we've got the headquarters, which we've talked at length about. For 2019 and 2020, those are going to be significant expenditures, so they will have an impact all-in on free cash flow. But we've got some other things happening. One is that HomeAway will increasingly be a generator of free cash flow as their gross bookings grow. Our merchant hotel business continues to grow pretty much ratably with the agency hotel business, and so that generates significant free cash flow. And so all of those factors lead to healthy trends. There are some other things on the other side of that ledger. I mean, one is that we've got businesses that we're growing that don't have those same working-capital tailwinds like trivago, like our private-label business, like Egencia, where they're a little bit more traditional businesses that generate receivables and consume working capital as opposed to having the negative working capital cycle in our merchant hotel business. The last couple of things would be we've got our  we do have a tax-rate benefit which I talked about on the call which should help us over the long term and, as we mentioned on the call last quarter, our data center CapEx in terms of what we would have needed to spend on data centers relative to what we will need spend in the cloud, or after we're in the cloud, has come down substantially. So that's a tailwind as well.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Next question, please.
Operator: We'll go to Mark May with Citi.
Mark A. May - Citi Investment Research: Thank you. First, in terms of optimizing direct marketing spend, I assume there that you're referring mostly to Meta. I guess one of the questions would be your plans to possibly reallocate that to other channels, including maybe more brand marketing. And then I know that HomeAway seems like a lot of focus. Certainly, the commentary is around pushing the pedal on marketing side. When it comes to supply growth, a lot of their commentary has been, I think, more on the traditional lodging and outside the U.S. I guess my question is, HomeAway listing growth, is that a priority for you? Some of the data would suggest that it's been relatively slow recently. Is that for your own doing? Or are there other factors driving that? Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Thanks, Mark. I'd say the direct marketing spend, again, this is not a big thing. We are, on the margin, trying to optimize a little bit more intelligently. It's not just on Meta. It's across the board, whether it's display or retargeting or traditional search. It really is sort of a broader, just  again, just focus on really digging in analytically and figuring out are we happy or not with efficiencies and is there opportunity to do, again, an inch better. I think that there is always an opportunity for us to reallocate into brand marketing but, again, we've been doing brand marketing across the portfolio for a very long time, and the teams that are the big brand marketing teams are really quite sophisticated at it, and we look at brand marketing spend as a largely a discrete decision, and so I wouldn't assume that we take out from one and directly put into another. We're always looking at the best places to put our capital across the P&L. In terms of HomeAway's focused on the marketing side, they've been focused, I really think on actually two things. One is building performance and also their brand marketing capabilities, but also just improving the product overall, both on the customer side and the host side. Listing growth has not been the big priority for them. It's really been about taking the existing base of business that they have and doing a better job for partners and for customers and, as a result, being able to monetize the platform better. That said, despite the fact that they're not actively looking to do it, hosts and properties and listings just keep flowing in. I mean if you look at the listing count from Q4 and you compare it to the end of Q1, I think there's about 100,000 more listings that are available all online bookable. So the platform has gravitational force. They're not actively trying to do it. There will be a phase at some point here over the next couple of years where listing acquisition does become a priority both in the U.S., but I think increasingly in international markets. And all signs say that that could be a nice catalyst for HomeAway. But, again, it's not been a focus for them at this point.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I'll turn the conference back to Mark Okerstrom for any additional or closing remarks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia Group, Inc.: Great. Well, obviously, thanks so much to all of you for your interest in Expedia Group. And a big thanks to our awesome employees around the world, a solid start, but there's lots of hard work and execution ahead of us and certainly we're looking forward to going after it. So thank you.
Operator: That concludes today's conference, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-08 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Kristy Nicholas - Head of Investor Relations Mark Okerstrom - President and Chief Executive Officer Alan Pickerill - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies Jed Kelly - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley Justin Post - Merrill Lynch Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets Eric Sheridan - UBS Naved Khan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Inc Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities Paul Bieber - Credit Suisse Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank AG Perry Gold - MoffettNathanson LLC Brent Thill - Jefferies LLC Mark May - Citigroup Inc Douglas Anmuth - J.P. Morgan Securities Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Expedia, Inc. Q4 2017 Earnings Call. As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor over to Kristy Nicholas, Acting Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Kristy Nicholas: Thanks, Greg. Good afternoon, and welcome to Expedia, Inc.'s financial results conference call for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2017. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by Mark Okerstrom, Expedia's CEO and President; and Alan Pickerill, our CFO. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, February 8, 2018, only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements we made on today's call are forward looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate or similar statements. Please refer to today's earnings release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You will find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the company's Investor Relations website at ir.expediainc.com, and I encourage you to periodically visit our IR website for other important content, including today's earnings release and our latest investor deck. I would like to remind you that beginning in Q1 '17, we include HomeAway on-platform gross bookings and property nights in our operational metrics, and such balances have been added to prior year's gross bookings and lodging room nights for clean comparison. Unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense and technology and content expense exclude stock-based compensation and depreciation expense. And all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2016. Finally, a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA guidance to the closest corresponding GAAP measure is not provided because we are unable to predict the ultimate outcome of certain significant items without unreasonable efforts. These items include, but are not limited to, foreign exchange, returns on investment spending, acquisition-related or restructuring expenses. As such, the items that are excluded from our non-GAAP guidance are uncertain, dependent on various factors, and could have a material impact on GAAP results for the guidance period. And with that, let me turn the call over to Mark.
Mark Okerstrom: Thanks, Kristy. 2017 was a year of change for Expedia across many dimensions. And though the year did not end up as we planned from our financial perspective, we hit some impressive milestones and made huge progress in a number of areas. Importantly, we spent the last quarter aligning the organization strategically and operationally to execute on our ambitious plans. And we are now firmly in execution mode. We know the work we are doing as a group will set us up on a path to deliver to our full potential in this massive industry of ours. Before providing more details about our strategic themes for 2018, I wanted to cover some of the highlights from Q4. Our global growth brands: Brand Expedia, Hotels.com, Egencia and Expedia Affiliate Network continue to grow stayed room nights at a healthy pace, turning in 70% growth this quarter on a combined basis. HomeAway grew room nights 30%. Strong growth at these brands was offset slightly by our regional brands optimized for profitability, leading to overall lodging room night growth of solid 15%. Our booked room night growth in Q4 was a bit faster than stayed and accelerated from Q3 rates. Though it's early, I would add that we are encouraged by the top-line trends that we are seeing so far this quarter. Egencia grew gross bookings 15% and revenue 18% for the quarter. After signing a quarterly record in new client business during Q3, Egencia immediately broke that record by signing approximately $405 million of new business during the fourth quarter bringing its total signings to approximately $1.4 billion for 2017. Clearly, our investments to ramp up the Egencia sales machine are starting to bear fruit. In 2017, HomeAway advanced on its transition to an e-commerce business, with on-platform gross bookings hitting $8.7 billion for the year, up 46%. Adjusted EBITDA of $202 million compares quite favorably to the $125 million of adjusted EBITDA back in 2015, the year of our acquisition. HomeAway continues to deliver solid financial performance, while investing heavily back into building the business for the long-term. trivago grew revenue on a standalone basis 18% for the quarter, although foreign exchange drove roughly half of that growth. We continue to believe that trivago offers a strong value proposition to both customers and advertisers, and that the business will continue to grow over the long term. Note however, trivago does face extremely tough revenue and profitability comps through the first half of 2018. Before I turn it over to Alan, I want to spend a bit of time discussing a few of our key strategic themes for 2018, each of which I highlighted last quarter. We're going to accelerate growth by being locally relevant on a global basis. We'll be more customer-centric putting the A back into OTA. And we will speed up the pace of execution and innovation across our group. On becoming locally relevant on a global basis, we identified a number of high priority markets for our initial efforts. In these markets, we're already hard at work, dramatically increasing our hotel supply to ensure that no matter where a customer wants to go, we have the perfect place for them to stay. In our high priority markets, we're also making more aggressive content and localization investments, focusing product technology and infrastructure initiatives to benefit these markets and bolstering our marketing efforts, as we improve the breadth and quality of our offering. I'm happy to report that we have hired about 95% of the sales-force required for our aggressive property acquisition push in these markets. And we expect to complete the onboarding of these team members in short order. All told, in 2018 we plan to directly add nearly 2 times the number of properties to our core OTA platform this year versus what we achieved in 2017. Home Away additions to the platform will be on top of that number. Over the years, we have observed strong network effects develop, where we can intelligently match deep supply coverage, broad marketing and brand awareness with great localized user experiences. We aim to replicate those powerful effects around the world, and in doing so, drive greater growth and share gains for many years to come. Second, on becoming more customer-centric or putting the A back into OTA, one of our key goals in 2018 is to put ourselves in our customer shoes. We want to go beyond, just making it easier for customers to shop and book on our sites. Our objective is to provide customers with increased confidence that if things go wrong on the trip, which does happen in this messy travel industry of ours, or plans change, we will do what we can to help. We'll also look to wow our customers with exciting new products and features such as our new shopping cart experience on Brand Expedia, which is live and being tested against a portion of U.S. traffic right now. We'll also push for greater customer personalization and increased innovation in voice and chat. Finally, we will continue to accelerate the pace of execution and innovation across our organization. We have revamped our goal setting and prioritization processes for strong cross-organizational alignment and simplification. We're already seeing this translate into faster more effective and more efficient execution throughout the organization. On the pace of innovation front, our cloud migration is unlocking a new level of velocity. For example, on our new cloud-based applications, we are deploying new code more than 2,000 times per day, a stark contrast to the daily or weekly release cycles of yesteryear. As we've migrated greater portion of our mission-critical compute into the cloud environment through 2018, we expect to continue unlocking opportunities to move faster. To be clear, our strategies themes are squarely aimed at the massive global opportunity ahead of us. Travel is a $1.6 trillion industry. And we operate the largest multiproduct two-sided platform in the world. Our role is clear, and our potential is enormous. We are the only truly globally travel platform that can orchestrate the movement of any person from any place, to any place by almost any means and offer them access to their ideal experiences throughout the journey. That's an awesome responsibility, and an incredible opportunity, and we are only at the early stages of what we can become. With that, I'll turn it over Alan.
Alan Pickerill: Thanks, Mark. For the fourth quarter gross bookings growth accelerated to 14% driven by booked lodging room night growth, while revenue growth decelerated to a 11%, partially due to HomeAway's further transition from a subscription to a transaction-based model. Adjusted EBITDA declined 9%, as we began ramping up key investments, while putting a drag on fourth quarter profitability. It helped us gain a head-start on 2018. These investments included hiring for our lodging supply and content teams and migrating more of our compute to the cloud. Lodging revenue including both hotel and HomeAway grew 11% for the fourth quarter, driven by stayed room night growth of 15%. In the hotel business, revenue per room night declined 3%, while average daily rates grew 2%, a gap which was slightly larger than last quarter given a harder comparison versus Q4 of last year. We do expect this gap to narrow throughout 2018, driven by increasingly stable margins. HomeAway gross bookings grew 47%, while revenue grew 16%. The sequential deceleration in revenue growth primarily reflects HomeAway's hyper seasonal trends, difficult comps and ongoing impacts of their transition to a transaction based business. Fourth quarter transactional revenue grew 71% to $130 million, while subscription revenue declined 33% and ended the year at 27% of revenue in line with our expectations. HomeAway adjusted EBITDA decreased 28% to $31 million in the fourth quarter, reflecting the confluence of revenue deceleration and increased investments in the business. Advertising and media revenue of $214 million increased 13% for the quarter due to continued growth at Expedia Media Solutions and trivago. Note that in 2017, we eclipsed $1 billion in total advertising and media revenue. Air revenue was essentially flat in the fourth quarter on a 3% increase in air tickets sold offset by a 3% decrease in revenue per ticket. All other revenue increased 14% in the fourth quarter reflecting growth in travel insurance and car rental products. For the full year our expense growth was largely in line with our target P&L with cost of revenue leveraging nicely at 8%, and each of our technology and content, and general and administrative expenses growing 10% for the full year compared to revenue growth of 15%. Selling and marketing grew faster than revenue at 22% as we mixed into some higher cost channels and sought to drive global growth. For the quarter, however, each of our expense categories grew faster than revenue. On cost of revenue, we spent $18 million for the quarter on cloud, representing year-over-year growth of $16 million. We also built out operations to support our partner solutions business with a combination of these items leading to deleveraging this expense line. In line with our expectation, selling and marketing grew faster than revenue for the quarter, driven by growth at trivago, Brand Expedia, Expedia Affiliate Network and HomeAway. We continue to believe in employing a strategic mix of both performance-based and brand marketing activities across our brands and around the world. Our investments in headcount in our lodging supply and Egencia teams also contributed to higher growth. Technology and content grew slightly faster than revenue during the quarter, primarily due to headcount added at HomeAway to drive innovation on supplier and traveler facing products and technology. General and administrate expenses also grew faster than revenue on headcount growth, as we scale up some staffing at HomeAway and trivago, and also reflects the inorganic impact of SilverRail. In terms of capital deployment, we were pleased to have repurchased 1.3 million shares in the fourth quarter bringing our 2017 repurchases to 2.3 million shares for a total of $294 million. In addition, we paid $176 million in dividends for the year. We expect to remain net buyers of our stock over the long-term, and we'll have a balanced approach between opportunistic M&A, share repurchases and dividends. Our financial statements include estimates of the effect of the recent U.S. tax reform, including the transition tax on cumulative foreign earnings and the revaluation of our net deferred tax liability to the newly enacted 21% U.S. corporate tax rate. Overall, we recorded a small net benefit on the U.S. GAAP basis for the impact of the Tax Act, and we do not expect the transition tax to result in any meaningful impact to our cash taxes. There are a number of other provisions that do not impact 2017, but will impact 2018 and beyond. We continue to analyze those provisions expect further guidance from the Treasury Department, and we'll be able to share more information on the impact of these factors as we move through 2018. Turning to our financial expectations for full year 2018, on a consolidated basis, we expect adjusted EBITDA growth of 6% to 11%. Our guidance is based on current foreign exchange rates, which have been pretty volatile of late. In terms of the shape of the year for 2018, with the seasonality of our consolidated business in mind, including the seasonality of HomeAway and the back-end weighting of trivago's plan this year, we are forecasting all of our adjusted EBITDA dollar growth to come in the second half of the year. As a reminder in our core OTA business and at HomeAway, we invest in selling and marketing to generate bookings ahead of the busy travel season with the revenue recognition occurring at the time of the stay. This impact will be amplified by our planned investments for 2018, including accelerated supply acquisition and cloud migration among others. Please note that on a consolidated basis, all of these impacts will be particularly acute in Q1, where we expect adjusted EBITDA to be down significantly year-over-year, including the adjusted EBITDA losses for both HomeAway and trivago. We remain intent on driving leverage and fixed cost over the long-term. Given our ambitious investment plans, we expect the following for full-year 2018. We expect cost of revenue to grow slightly faster than revenue due to expanding owner and property manager support and new payment options at HomeAway, customer operations for our partner solutions business, and the increase in the investment in cloud. We expect technology and content expense to grow significantly faster than revenue, primarily due to an increase in cloud and the impact of key investments. More specifically in total, we expect cloud spend of $170 million for 2018, roughly split 50-50 between cost of revenue, and technology and content. As we invest aggressively in supply, we also expect to utilize higher cost performance-based channels to drive demand across our global growth brands causing sales and marketing expense to grow faster than revenue. Additionally for HomeAway, we continue to ramp investment in performance-based on brand marketing on the back of better overall capabilities and improved transaction-based monetization. We expect general and administrative expenses to grow solidly slower than revenue. With that, operator, we're ready to take our first question.
Operator: All right. Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] And first from Piper Jaffray we have Mike Olson.
Alan Pickerill: You there, Mike?
Operator: Apologies. [Operator Instructions] And I apologize. We missed the beginning of your question. Mr. Olson, your line is now open
Michael Olson: All right, thank you. Just one question for me, guys. So one of the things that we heard from investors during the quarter was a concern that there would need to be, I guess, further downward EBITDA revisions, and I guess that proved to be the case. And as you look forward, do you feel like you've now set a good level for 2018 or is there a real potential that as we go through the year you may identify further investment areas that could drive EBITDA growth lower still as we kind of migrate through 2018? Thanks.
Mark Okerstrom: Yeah. Hey, Mike, it's Mark. We feel good about our guidance. As a reminder, in Q3, what we wanted to do was give people a framework for understanding how we were thinking about planning for 2018. We have not finished planning the time. As you know, Q3 is not a time where we usually give the next year guidance. It was really just a framework. And what we were doing was steering people towards this sort of lower end of our historic performance of 10% to 20%. You'll note from our guidance, which is 6% to 11%, the 10% is squarely within that range. And, of course, we do detailed planning exercise. We've got everything planned out. And our expectations will be able to hit the number within that range.
Michael Olson: All right. Thank you.
Mark Okerstrom: You're welcome. Next question, please.
Operator: Right. [Operator Instructions] Next from Oppenheimer, we do have Jed Kelly.
Jed Kelly: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Looks like HomeAway bookings accelerated versus the prior couple quarters. Was there anything you can call out that's either working from a site conversion or higher performance marketing? And then following up, I guess, there's been a couple recent vacation rental property-manager conferences that sort of spoke to some of the displeasure around some of the recent HomeAway changes, especially around the attribution. How would you assess your relationship with some of the large property managers right now?
Mark Okerstrom: Thanks, Jed. Well, the gross bookings acceleration is really a combination of a lot of great stuff that HomeAway is doing. As you recall, there are a bunch of pieces to the transition. One of them was around monetization and we introduced the traveler fee. Now, we've lapped over that. We introduced that in 2016. It was really creating that conversion engine, improving travel experiences, and owner and property manager experiences. And they've been executing really well against that, and then, of course, solving this problem of people taking bookings off platform. And so, what you're seeing is a combination of all of these things working. And when they work, it allows HomeAway to start stepping on the gas in sales and marketing. And that's what they've been doing. They're now in a position where having worked with lot of our core OTA businesses and actually have a leader in their online marketing function who used to be the leader for hotels.com. They really got the technology stack in place and they're executing on the online marketing playbook. And that is driving some very nice growth. The flipside of that, of course, is that it can put pressure on near-term profitability. And Alan spoke about that in terms of Q1. And what we're finding interestingly is that unlike our core OTA business, a lot of times for these big whole homes, we're seeing bookings not only booked into the busy summer months like Q3, which is a high, high peak quarter for them, we're actually seeing things start to slip into future years as well. So we're starting to get a better handle on how to forecast these things. But it is really a combination of a lot of great work. With respect to the property managers' displeasure and how those are going, listen, I would say that broadly speaking, the property manager and owner community is adjusting to the changes. They're finding ways to use the platform to benefit them. And generally, things are moving in a very, very constructive direction. But, of course, because HomeAway is making so much change and implementing change to this platform, they're always trying to find ways to incent the right behaviors or correct problems that are resulting in leakage or poor behaviors. And you can see some of the things they've done in terms of charging fees for off-platform bookings, some of the movements they made in terms of taking subscription, pricing up just a little bit, all really intended to create the right marketplace activity, so that HomeAway can continue on the path it's on, which is thriving and growing, and ultimately, continue to drive great bookings and great revenue for all of their property managers and owners. So we think the relationship continues to be good and constructive. And we're very happy with the progress there.
Jed Kelly: Thank you.
Mark Okerstrom: You're welcome. Next question.
Operator: Next question, from Morgan Stanley we have Brian Nowak.
Brian Nowak: Thanks for taking my questions. Just understanding that the comments on the previous call were kind of a soft guidance, you talked about out of few exceptions you delivered EBITDA growth between 10 and 20. I guess, as you think about this year and kind of the investments, has anything changed in the way you think about the pace of the investments over the next couple years now versus then? Are you spending more on cloud this year than you thought you would? Are you spending more on hotel supply than you thought you would? Has anything changed? Then, how do you think about the potential benefits of the increased supply coming through the platform? How long does that take?
Mark Okerstrom: Yeah, sure. So, I'd say that everything was just an inch, probably an inch more in cloud than Alan had had guided to. I think our supply investments an inch more, but not anything dramatically different. So broadly in line with what we were expecting there. The difference is now that we've actually got things planned out. And I think that the timing is more clear to us at this point. In terms of the benefit of supply and timing, again, we're going to hire folks up here. We've got just about all of them hired. They'll be onboarded, the bulk of them by the end of the first quarter, They'll get to work and some of them are ready to work, signing up new properties, hopefully for the high season. And our expectation is that, we should start to see some impact in terms of room night growth towards the back part of the year. But the real benefit for adding more supply really comes in the second year and its subsequent years, when you can really, one, see the full year impact of the properties you've added. And secondly, create the real network effects of essentially having everything that a customer could possibly want, who lives in a given region, and having them come back to you directly again and again and again, through direct channels and generally cheaper channels. And that's a longer impact. We hope to see that in 2019, from our priority markets this year. But at this point, there are no guarantees.
Brian Nowak: Great. Thanks.
Mark Okerstrom: You're welcome. Next question.
Operator: Next, we have Justin Post from Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post: Great. Given that you guided HomeAway to $300 million in the past, I wondering if you could help us understand what kind of the outlook is for that now, and if you had any write-down related to that? I wouldn't think so, but just wondering on that. And then secondly, I think you said in your prepared remarks that booked nights growth was better than stayed in the quarter. I wonder if you could help us with the differential there. Thank you.
Alan Pickerill: Yeah, Justin, this is Alan. So on HomeAway, the things that have changed for us in terms of our original guide on - or target I would say for 2018 adjusted EBITDA are principally around the migration of the business to the cloud. And we had said last quarter, we thought that would be about $30 million of spend in 2018. And we continue to think that's the right range. And then, the other side of it really are just kind of the level of investments that you might see in brand marketing and performance marketing. That business has finally become one that has true unit economics, true travel transaction e-commerce business and has stood up a proper search engine marketing efforts. And so our inclination is for them to push on that, and to push on growth. And keep in mind they have a very long booking window. So sometimes, we're seeing - we sometimes see bookings on HomeAway that are more than a year out for example. And that's a little bit different than what you typically see in the hotel business. So that's - those are the primary differences from our prior guide on HomeAway. As far as the booked room nights are concerned, we saw - sorry, Justin, was this specific to HomeAway or in general?
Justin Post: For the total company.
Alan Pickerill: In general, yeah. So we did see a little bit of acceleration on the booked room nights in Q4, it's - it was faster than Q1, I wouldn't look at it as being, a very steep curve, but it was trending in the right direction, we just want to call out that we were seeing good healthy trends there.
Mark Okerstrom: Next question, please.
Operator: Next from Goldman Sachs, we have Heath Terry.
Heath Terry: Great, thanks. Curious, Mark, can you give us a sense on the higher cost that we're seeing in sales and marketing. How much of that or how do you guys think about how to separate what is investment versus what is simply higher operating costs? We've been seeing this trend for a while, not just with your business, but everyone in the travel space, the cost of traffic or the cost of customer acquisition going up. How do you sort of distinguish between investment verses just a lower ROI, because of a more competitive environment that we're in for traffic? And then to the extent that we're hearing hotels, talk about the success of their direct booking programs, and we talked about this before. But kind of curious what you're seeing now in terms of whether or not that's having any impact?
Mark Okerstrom: Sure. So with respect to sales and marketing, particularly direct sales and marketing, and advertising a lot of the trends that you're seeing with us, particularly the trends in Q4 were driven by spend at HomeAway, which is ramping up their spend as well as trivago. And I think trivago spoke about the declines that they'd seen in ROAS. In Brand Expedia, for example, Hotels.com, we actually saw very nice trends with sales and marketing efficiencies. And sales and marketing as a percentage of revenue was broadly consistent, they were growing at similar rates, which was a nice trend. The way that we think about it going forward is similar to the way that we think thought about it in the past, which is generally what we have observed is that the declines in sales and marketing efficiency from an optical perspective. Have generally been driven by mix shift for us, which is spending more in international markets, which are generally less efficient and then building up more efficiency over time, and even though those trends are generally good and going in the right direction. International markets growing faster than the U.S., just leaves a mix shift that puts pressure on the line item. What we're doing in terms of investing more aggressively in our supply, in our localized consumer experience is an international market, is squarely aimed at trying to get a better sales and marketing efficiency faster in those markets. And that's the level we're looking at it at. We're looking at it at the individual market level. We're looking at it at the individual channel level. And so far, I mean based on our experience in this business. We've been in the situation, where it has not been a case, where we've had to pay more for the same. We've been generally able to offset CPC increases and rising costs with better conversion rates through just our test and learn velocity and adding better supply. In terms of the hotels direct booking campaigns, again we still do not see an impact on our business, and we look at this in a million different ways, generally what's happened in the marketplace is that we have seen a trend towards - mixing towards more independent hotels, as our sort order does take into account the competitiveness of pricing. And as a reminder, generally our customers are pretty darn brand agnostics. So less than 0.5% of shoppers on Hotels.com are looking for the largest brand by name, and as a result they're picking the hotels that they see, and I think it's picking the hotels that are drifting down the sort order a little bit less. So perhaps it's working up for the hotel chains. It seems to working up fine for us, and maybe we hit a new equilibrium.
Heath Terry: Okay. Great. Thanks, Mark.
Mark Okerstrom: You're welcome. Next question.
Operator: Next from RBC Capital Markets, is Mark Mahaney.
Mark Mahaney: Great. Thanks. I could throw out a couple. When you talk about building out the OTA lodging supply, the particular geographies that you - that are targeted by you particularly in 2018 places that you want to more than others build out that supply? And then secondly, as you brought more and more HomeAway inventory real-time booking onto - into the Expedia platform, have you noticed an overall impact on conversion? Is it too early to tell, but are you - is that allowing you to increase match rates? And I assume that's what you'd like to see happen in the future. Is there already evident that that's going to happen? Thanks a lot.
Mark Okerstrom: Yeah, you're welcome. So in terms of geographic focus, I don't want to get into specifics, I would say that, obviously, Europe is an interesting place for us, Asia is interesting. But of course, we're going to replicate this around the world. So to some extent what we do in 2018, it's just a precursor to what we're going to continue to do on a go forward basis. But those are a couple of regions that are interesting to us for 2018. In terms of HomeAway inventory on the Expedia platform, yeah, we generally, what we see is, when we are able to expand inventory, the overall conversion rates for the destinations generally go up. And that's what we see with alternative accommodations generally. It can have a higher impact in some markets that have a higher mix of that type of inventory. But we have not yet cracked the code on getting to the degree of proficiency that we want to get to in terms of just matching the perfect property with the perfect shopper yet, but that's exactly the work that we're doing. So it is conversion accretive, we think it can be a lot more and we are actively working on product features and sort algorithms to actually optimize the opportunity ahead of us.
Mark Mahaney: Thank you, Mark.
Mark Okerstrom: You're welcome. Next question, please.
Operator: Next we have from Eric Sheridan with UBS.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks for taking the question. Guys, in prior quarters you would call that some differences you seen in sort of core global Expedia growth brands versus things that might have weighed down the growth rate in prior periods, specific brands that you've acquired or was that underperformed. Any differences you're calling out for people this quarter in terms of brands that either outperformed or underperformed expectations? And maybe a second question with respect to geography same thing, anything we call out in terms of things you saw on the plus or minus side on the geography basis in the quarter that will inform your view for early 2018? Thanks.
Alan Pickerill: Eric, thanks. This is Alan. In terms of the kind of the split by brands, the global - what we kind of refer to as the global growth brands, which is a reminder of our Brand Expedia, Hotels.com, Expedia Affiliate Network and Egencia grew at 17% year-over-year in the quarter. That has been pretty consistent all year long, they grew 19% for the full year. So we've seen good growth there in the high teens. They make up, call it, 85% to 90% of the mix. So we've got a good, good vast majority of our businesses and our hotel business growing in the high-teens. The regional brands, which are Orbitz, Travelocity, Wotif, Hotwire those types of brands think of them as being kind of flattish, sometimes better, sometimes worse. And they're making up, call it, mid-single-digit percentage of the mix. And then all of the other room nights have been a headwind for us. That has essentially eased as we've kind of cleaned the comps on Orbitz for business, and Orbitz partner network where we had churned off components of the business.
Mark Okerstrom: And then in terms of geographic, generally a continuation of the usual broader trends which is international growth is faster than domestic growth. Europe has generally started to be a bright spot for us, particular strength in Greece and Turkey, which had gone through some tough times and they are back to full strength. Brazil was strong for us; Japan continues to be strong for us; Vietnam, where we're starting to build a presence. So you know a lot of positive stories. On the down side Caribbean was continued to be a tough spot for us, obviously, because of the storms. But encouraging actually with some of the harder hit areas, we're actually seeing them bounce back and we did see them bounce back towards into December period.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks for the color.
Mark Okerstrom: You're welcome. Next question, please.
Operator: Next question comes from SunTrust, we'll hear from Naved Khan.
Naved Khan: Yeah. Thank you very much, guys. Just a couple of question. So a little more clarification on your guidance, If I look at the range, are there any big variables to call out that might cause you to coming towards the low-end versus the high-end? And then, I had a follow-up.
Alan Pickerill: Well, I think, look, we - the guidance that we put together in the range that we put together is obviously an amalgamation of all of the potential outcomes of the various businesses. I think for the most part setting aside exogenous factors that we would be unaware of at this point, I think, we think of it largely is execution. And the teams are out, pushing hard to grow the business as well as they can. I will remind you that the investments that we're making, the cloud investment for example is, call it, $75 million more in 2018 and 2017. The investment, we're making in the supply acquisition is substantial. If you take those two together that's a mid to high single-digit percentage impact on our guidance. And so if you wanted to quote unquote normalize for that it would put the guidance well into the mid-teens.
Naved Khan: Okay. And just sort of get a little more color on this. So trivago which reported yesterday, I mean, obviously, that you consolidated the results. And I guess the guide was probably a little bit worse versus the expectations back in the third quarter, so how much of that kind of being reflected in your guidance today versus it was at the end of the third quarter?
Alan Pickerill: Yeah, I mean, I don't want to get into specifics brand by brand, but we are expecting a negative contribution from trivago in 2018 on the profit line.
Mark Okerstrom: So obviously that could be an upside that could be a little bit of downside there, perhaps, but it's not where we've got them for our full year 2018, I don't expect it to be a material mover. Other things, I probably call out is foreign exchange, which has pretty volatile of late. I don't know if, Alan, you call that out. And then, I would just remind to you that, we are still finding our way in terms of the booked to stay lag. I mentioned that - Alan mentioned that at HomeAway. And so there is a risk there for HomeAway that as we continue to ramp up spend in performance marketing channels that we continue to slip revenue out into 2019. But all of those things are forecasted to the best of our ability right now. There are just things that could move things around, ultimately the result within the range.
Naved Khan: Okay. That's perfect. And then, on HomeAway, actually I had a two-part question. So I think, Mark, you talked about focusing more on brand and performance advertising for HomeAway this year. If you have to think of the split between the two, would you be more focused on brand versus performance? And then, how would you sort of go about addressing the bookings that are happening off-platform? How would you get attribution for that?
Mark Okerstrom: Yeah. So in terms of branded performance, I don't want to get into specific mix, I would say that HomeAway has been brand advertising for a while, performance marketing though is one of those things that's relatively new. So in terms of growth rates, I would expect performance marketing to be a bigger part of the story. In terms of off-platform bookings how to get attribution. I mean, the biggest thing with the HomeAway team is focused on, right now. Is this creating reasons for people to book on platform, they've developed some incredible technology around their marketplace feeds, the revenue management platform, that they've rolled out lots of great reasons for property owners and managers to actually use the platform, engage with the platform when they do get bookings on the platform, they get credit in short order. And then, on the traveler side again just the book with confidence guarantee the insurance, be making sure that ultimately you're protected from fraud. I mean, they're all great reasons to be on the platform and that's the primary focus for them, right now. And in addition, they're looking for areas, where there is abuse going on and trying to close those loopholes, where they can.
Naved Khan: Thank you.
Mark Okerstrom: You're welcome. Next question, please.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next we have Peter Stabler with Wells Fargo Securities.
Peter Stabler: Thanks. A couple if I could. Alan, could you give us a bit more color on the revenue per room night trends you're seeing and maybe how we should think about that going forward? And then, secondly domestic revenue 4% in the quarter, up 10% for the full year, how should we think about that deceleration a bit more pronounced than expected? Thank you.
Alan Pickerill: Yeah. So on the revenue per room night, I mean, it's the usual culprits in there. We've got an impact from just our contracted margins; we've got an impact from the loyalty programs. I would say the last couple of quarters; we've had a little bit more of a negative impact from refunds that we use typically to accommodate customers in times of tough weather. And so that has been a little bit more than we would normally see. I think that, the other factor for Q4, is that we had a particularly tough comp, if you look back at what we said in Q4 and actually in Q1 as well this year. The revenue per room night trend was better than we had anticipated in those quarters and that was on some package pricing trends and related. And so that's a particularly tough comp. We do expect to see the overall trend be favorable in terms of the gap between revenue per room night and ADRs, as we continue to move through 2018. And then as far as the revenue trends, I would say, just if you're kind of thinking about the growth we saw in Q3, which was around 15% and the growth we saw in Q4 was about 11% total revenue growth. The difference is there were the HomeAway - deceleration in HomeAway revenue, which I talked about the variation you saw in the hotel business, both in terms of slightly slower stayed room night growth and a slightly larger impact from revenue per room night. And lastly just the trivago top line trends also contributed. Those are really the key factors that change the revenue growth from last quarter.
Mark Okerstrom: Yeah, Peter on the domestic side specifically, the HomeAway subscription revenue peeling off was one of the largest factors for domestic. So hit that disproportionately hard, if you remember last Q4, we were in the spot, I think, we called it out that we were essentially double earning. We are in the spot. We're still recognizing the revenue from the subscription business, including tiers. And we have added the traveler fee and we're copying over that for HomeAway so that was a bit of a drag.
Peter Stabler: Thank you.
Mark Okerstrom: You're welcome. Next question, please.
Operator: Next Paul Bieber with Credit Suisse.
Paul Bieber: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. I have two questions. First, Google announced a few big changes to its flight and hotel search experience. I'm just wondering, how would you characterize those changes and are they more the same from Google? Will these changes have a more significant impact on the industry? And then just, secondly, just following-up on the room night growth de-sell sequentially, what are the factors that drove the deceleration given that 3Q had the negative hurricane impact? Is that all being driven by the recent brands? Thank you.
Mark Okerstrom: Thanks, Paul. I'd say for the Google changes largely it's more of the same, they continued to try to create a better and better search experience. They continue to try to monetize more of the page, these continue to be along that same vein. It continues to be a great channel for us, particularly on the hotel side, we get great traffic from them and we turn those users into repeat loyal customers. But I think, listen, over the long term, we have got to be mindful and we always are mindful of the incredible market power that Google has, and it just underscores the importance of to make sure importance for us. To make sure that we build out the credible products, products where we've got the breadth of hotel inventory that spans the whole market that's exactly what we're doing, making sure that we've got user experiences that are localized, and can get people through the booking path as quick as possible. And then importantly if things go wrong or plans change, it's us they can help them and that's where we're uniquely positioned to really add value and to differentiate ourselves from search partners and actually create real customer loyalty. Room night growth, you want to take that?
Alan Pickerill: Yeah, listen on the hotel side of the business, no major story, I kind of walked through the general trends there, we're still seeing very good growth for the global growth brands. We are seeing you know flattish trends on the regional brands and we've cleaned the comp on some of the other orbits businesses, that we had acquired that shed a fair amount of business. There's puts and takes in there each quarter as you would imagine, but no big change quarter-to-quarter. On HomeAway, we did see slower room night growth in Q4 on a stayed basis than Q3. I think that's largely driven, frankly, by just the seasonality of that business. It's hyper-seasonal. So much of what's happening there is coming in the third quarter with that being the busiest stayed season for them. And so, that really was the contributor. In terms of the hurricane impact, I mean, we were not sizing it for room nights. We do think it was net-net about a - call it in the range of the $10 million headwind on EBITDA in Q4 on top of what we saw in Q3. So it was a headwind for us in Q4. But we knew about that coming into the quarter.
Paul Bieber: Okay. Thank you.
Mark Okerstrom: Next question, please.
Operator: Next question will come from Lloyd Walmsley with Deutsche Bank.
Lloyd Walmsley: Thanks for taking the question. Two if I can. First, just on MatchBack, the recent interview, Jeff Hurst from HomeAway, I quoted him as saying, HomeAway had originally expected some of the offline leakage would close on its own, but it hasn't. So, I guess, just wondering if you can give us your latest thinking on whether you can migrate that $15 billion of total bookings at HomeAway online and is that - why do you use something like MatchBack that's so upsetting the suppliers, given the market still seems fairly nascent? And then, second one, on the shopping cart, I think this first came up, at focus right in November of 2016. So seems like something you guys have been working on, testing for a while. Anything you can share with us around how this is impacting your conversion rates, transaction values and how you might be able to leverage this as a competitive advantage going forward?
Alan Pickerill: Thanks, Lloyd. Listen, on MatchBack, I think as it is often the case when you make some of these platform changes, people find ways around them. And we had a situation with a very small group, who was able to essentially get credit for bookings as if they were on platform, but actually go around the platform. And so, what this program is meant to do is actually through the honor system, self-report and actually get credit. There will be a vocal minority of people, who are against it. But unfortunately, we got to do these things to drive the health of the overall marketplace. And this particular program doesn't at all change our view on migrating the bookings online. They're making exceptional progress there. It's not just one thing. It's one thing after another thing. And then of course, you find situations like this where people try to find a loophole and exploit it. You close them down. But we're making great progress there. In terms of shopping cart, it hasn't really been live with live traffic for all that long. This is a relatively new. Right now, we're live in flight and car. It is - looks particularly good in mobile. And the implementation is essentially a slide open tray if you will, that as you're shopping you can press the plus sign and drop things into this tray. And then, when you pull the tray over it is automatically calculating the savings. So we're finding some very encouraging results in terms of what it's doing in terms of attach rates and bundling. But it's still early yet, and of course, still just flight and car. We think the big upside comes in hotel. And that will come here, probably later this quarter we'll start testing that, if not, the second quarter. But it really is a very encouraging product. And it's something we've been talking about doing for many years. And it's great to see it finally in reality and out in the wild. Next question, please.
Operator: Next, we have Perry Gold with MoffettNathanson.
Perry Gold: Hey, guys. Thanks so much for taking the question. With the recent shakeup of Airbnb and the delay of its IPO until at least 2019, do you see opportunity to leave it - lean in even more aggressively to the alternative accommodation sphere, to drive faster supply and demand growth?
Alan Pickerill: Well, Perry, it doesn't really change our overall philosophy. I think as we've said a number of times, it is just a massive market. And we think ourselves and other competitors in the marketplace can grow very well for a long period of time. I think these management changes may happen. You never know exactly why they happen. We got a ton of respect for the Airbnb team. I think I've met Laurence a number of times. I think he is a very sharp guy. I think people went their own ways. And who knows the reasons, but I'm not reading a lot into it.
Operator: Right. And next from Jefferies, we have Brent Hill - Brent Thill, excuse me.
Brent Thill: Thanks. Just back to the expenses, sales and marketing outpacing revenue. I know you're not giving detailed guidance. But in terms of the duration, how long you expect that to continue and I just wanted to be clear on the cloud migration. I think that you expect it through 2018. You would be through kind of the bulk of that, and the benefit would be more felt in 2019. I just was hopeful if you could clarify a little more around both topics.
Mark Okerstrom: Yeah, Brent, sorry, can you just elaborate on your question on selling and marketing? What are you asking, duration of what exactly?
Brent Thill: Just, Alan, to your comment about sales and marking outpacing revenue, how long you anticipate that down investment in sales to continue to outpace at that clip?
Alan Pickerill: Yeah, well, so we don't have a target for kind of trying to get leverage on selling and marketing. I think it's well known the opportunity in front of us. It's well known that it's a global opportunity. When we launch in new markets, for example, we're starting from scratch in a way in the sense that we don't have repeat customers. We don't have brand recognition in those countries. And so, we have to make investments to get traffic in the store to please those customers to getting - get them coming back to us. And over time, the goal obviously is to build a repeat customer base, so that that particular point of sale can start to see at least better overall efficiencies, if not, leverage. From a directional perspective, a lot - just directionally, we get more deleveraged today from brands like HomeAway and trivago than we do from some of the core OTA brand. So just, I don't want to get into the details of that. But more of it is coming from those brands than the other way around. So for now, we're fine with revenue - sorry, with selling and marketing growing faster than revenue. And we'll see how the business plays out over the next several years. On cloud migration, one of the biggest keys for us in 2018 is getting our lodging stack onto the cloud. We're planning to do that in the not too distant future. And it's a key milestone for us in terms of how we're doing on that migration, how the performance goes and what kind of momentum we think that would mean for the rest of the year. There will still be work to be done in 2019. I'm not ready to size it today, mostly because we have to see how we do in 2018. But we will start to - we will have additional migration to do in 2019. From a benefit perspective, we've already seen some. The first thing that we saw early was that we avoided the need to build out another data center. We were getting pretty close to the point where that was going to be a requirement to deal with the size of our business and that has been completely avoided and completely off the table. We also are seeing a significant drop in CapEx related to data center. Two years ago, our CapEx on data center assets was in the neighborhood of, call it, $180 million. And that's down to, call it, $50 million now on an annual basis. So we already are seeing a big benefit in the CapEx side. And that's just on the pure kind of cloud versus data center equation. There's a whole bunch of other benefits that will come from being in the cloud that we think will accrue to us after we're migrated.
Mark Okerstrom: Next question, please.
Operator: And moving on, our next question - next question will come from Mark May with Citi.
Mark May: Thanks. First on the guidance, the 6% to 11%, if I look at some of the estimates out there on trivago and I back those out, it would actually be like a 2 percentage point headwind on your guidance. I'm just trying to square that with your comment earlier that it's not really a material driver. Would you say it's at least over a percentage point impact? It just seems like it could be more material. And does your guidance include FX? And if so, what would the 6% to 11% be if it didn't. And then, in terms of HomeAway revenue in Q4, with the subscription rolling off and some other noise in that number, is that a closer look at what organic growth looks like? Can you help us kind of think about, when we clean that up, is that a clean look at kind of what organic now looks like.
Mark Okerstrom: So, Mark, just on trivago, my comment was related to the year-on-year growth of Expedia, Inc. So on the context, it's still over $1.7 billion of adjusted EBITDA. trivago was irrelevant in 2017. And based upon where they are guiding 2018, we think it will be similarly relevant. So that's a headwind.
Alan Pickerill: It is a headwind. But it is a headwind.
Mark Okerstrom: Yeah.
Alan Pickerill: And then, in terms of FX. Yes, I mean what we do with our guidance and our forecast is we include current foreign exchange rates. And so, to the extent that the dollar weakens after we've done our forecast, that's a tailwind. If the dollar strengthens, that's a headwind. And so, that's in there. I mean, we don't size it as precisely as you're asking for. The one thing I will remind you though is we are a global company. We have people all over the world. We have a reasonably sized natural hedge of folks sitting in the UK, folks sitting in Europe, folks sitting in Asia. So there is some offset from what you would think would be the - just the pure impact on revenue translation. On away - on HomeAway revenue growth, and whether this is kind of what organic growth looks like, no, I don't think the 16% growth that the company posted in Q4 is a typical what we would expect from organic. And the reason for that is that, A, there is a seasonal component as I mentioned before, so they get a lot more of their revenue in Q3. And they're investing marketing to get that and so they see outsized growth then. But the other bit is we will eventually reach subscription equilibrium. We're not there yet. It continues to decline. And so, once that gets completely normalized then we would be into a more kind of, as you called it, organic growth rate. The last thing I'll mention is that, in Q4, they had a particularly tough comp on their service fees. So if you remember back to 2016, when they first started implementing consumer service fees, they did the U.S. in the spring, they did Europe in late spring early summer. And there's a lag between when they implemented those and the book to stay. And so you can think of Q4 2016 as being the first quarter where pretty much all of the bookings had a consumer service fee against it, and so, they comped over that in Q4 this year. Those are all the factors to consider.
Mark Okerstrom: Next question, please.
Operator: Next question from J.P. Morgan we have Douglas Anmuth.
Douglas Anmuth: Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to go back to the supply acquisition efforts and the step function change that you mentioned. Just trying to understand, I guess, the shift in strategy. I think, historically, you kind of had a more measured approach on adding supply, particularly as you sought to balance traveler demand with existing properties, kind of with the new ones coming onboard. So if you could talk about that. And then, secondly, I think it was 2016, the last time you kind of gave a view on margins two years out. I'm just curious if you have anything to update there or thoughts as you're looking over the next two years. Thanks.
Mark Okerstrom: Thanks, Doug. It is certainly a shift in strategy from what we've been doing for the last five years. But it's a shift in strategy that has been enabled by the hard work we've done in the last five years. Really to get into this position, we had to build global online marketing capabilities. We had to build global multi-language multi-currency websites, Brand Expedia and Hotels.com, which we've now done. We had to roll out an agency hotel product. We did that with our Expedia Traveler Preference program. We had to get our base level margins to the right spot. And then, we had to get into a situation where we could actually wire everything up together, so that when we signed up a new property we could actually start marketing that property in variable marketing channels. You saw us ramp up our supply capabilities over the course, the last five years, from 15,000 to 20,000 a year to this year, call it, 90,000. And next year, we'll do 2x or more that number. And it's really on the back of us having the capability to do it. We have demonstrated over the years to ourselves and I think to investors just how powerful it is when you can add supply. You can create better conversion. You can tap into new sources of demand. And so, we're absolutely convinced this is the right strategy. Is it a shift? It is a shift, but it's really based on the hard work that we've done over the course of the last five years. And then, I will give Alan the margin question. Alan, you want to take that one?
Alan Pickerill: Hey, Doug. Yeah, so - yeah, we did give some view on the target P&L at our Analyst Day a couple of years ago. We have not updated those since then. I don't think it would be appropriate to kind of give guidance on that or even directional indicators. We're focused on executing in 2018. We have these key investments that we've talked about that that we're focused on. And seeing how this year plays out, just how successful we can be with these initiatives will play into how we think about 2019 performance and beyond.
Operator: All right. And ladies and gentlemen, we are out of time for questions. I'd like to turn the floor back to Mark Okerstrom for any additional or closing remarks.
Mark Okerstrom: Great. Well, I'd just like to thank everyone for joining the call. And your continued interest in Expedia, especially I just love to thank our employees for their incredibly hard work in 2017. And thank you all, every one of you globally, for in advance for the hard work in 2018. We've got ambitious goals. And we are incredibly excited to get going with them. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentleman, that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for joining us. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Unverified Participant Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc. Alan Pickerill - Expedia, Inc.
Analysts: Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Paul Bieber - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Deepak Mathivanan - Barclays Capital, Inc. Jed Kelly - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Mike J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co. Akshay Bhatia - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ronald V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC Mark A. May - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Justin T. Patterson - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Perry Gold - MoffettNathanson LLC Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co. LLC Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Brent Thill - Jefferies LLC Dan Wasiolek - Morningstar, Inc. (Research) Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Naved Khan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Expedia Inc. Q3 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Kristy Nicholas (0:18), Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Unverified Participant: Thank you, Cynthia. Good afternoon, and welcome to Expedia Inc.'s financial results conference call for the third quarter ended September 30, 2017. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by Mark Okerstrom, Expedia's CEO and President, and Alan Pickerill our CFO. The following discussion including responses to your questions reflects management's views as of today, October 26, 2017 only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of these statements made on today's call are forward-looking. Typically proceeded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate, or similar statements. Please refer to today's earnings release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You will find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release which is posted on the company's investor relations website at ir.expediainc.com and I encourage you to periodically visit our IR website for other important content including today's earnings release. I would like to remind you that beginning in Q1 2017, we include HomeAway on platform gross bookings and property nights in our operation metrics. And such balances have been added to prior year's gross bookings and lodging room nights for clean comparison. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenues, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense, and technology and content expense, exclude stock-based compensation and depreciation expense. And all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2016. With that, let me turn the call over to Mark.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Thanks, Kristy. Firstly, thanks to everyone for joining our call today. I'm thrilled to be at the helm of Expedia Inc. and I'm incredibly optimistic about the opportunity ahead. Before launching into a more detailed discussion of our Q3 results, I did want to take a few minutes to share some preliminary thoughts about where we are as a company today and how we plan to evolve to better position ourselves to seize the enormous potential ahead of us. As anyone following the industry knows, the size of our opportunity is huge, with the total travel market representing annual spend of around $1.3 trillion globally. We built this company into one of the largest players, yet we only have mid single digit percentage market share, making our potential runway for growth long and wide. Over the last six years we created exceptional returns for our shareholders while at the same time designing, investing in, and building truly global platforms with the potential to deliver growth and shareholder returns for a long time to come. We built, bought, invested in and integrated some of the best travel brands in the world. We modernized our technology stack giving us the capability to learn fast and improve customer and partner experiences across desktop and mobile at scale. While at the same time delivering significant operational efficiency gains in areas like payments and customer operations. We restructured our hotel margins globally and rolled out an agency hotel product to ensure that neither margin nor model were barriers to any lodging partner joining our platform and giving us great inventory. We retooled our hotel acquisition machine and developed solid scaling ability. And though we still have much to do, we dramatically improved our global performance marketing capabilities. It's been an incredible journey, but we believe the next phase can be equally if not more exciting. We now find ourselves in the enviable position of having all of the essential assets needed to realize our full potential as a company. Looking forward, we are more optimistic than ever that we can gain share and create significant value over the long-term. And while M&A is and will always be in our DNA, when we compare the returns of tomorrow with the returns of yesterday, we expect to disproportionately generate value from solid organic execution. With that backdrop, looking forward from an operational perspective, we will focus on three primary themes, each of which are natural evolutions from where we are today. Firstly, we will refine our ambition of going global to an ambition of becoming locally relevant on a global basis. Going forward, we will not be satisfied with simply expanding our international point of sale presence. Instead, our ambition will to be build market competitive and ideally market-leading offerings in every single market in which we choose. To deliver on this ambition, in our priority markets, we'll make more aggressive supply, content, and translation investments, focus technology and infrastructure initiatives to benefit these markets, and ramp up our marketing spend as we improve the quality of our offering. Though the results of this shift in focus will not accrue over night, our experience tells us that execution on this path is the winning formula. Secondly, we will become much more customer centric. Putting the A back into OTA. Over the last 20 years we've put the power of research and booking into the hands of customers around the world. With the digital age, we made researching and booking travel exponentially better, but we still have a long way to go in truly alleviating customer pain points. The passion of our employees, combined with the power of machine learning and our incredibly rich data sets, make us confident we can do much better on delivering on the agent promise on a go-forward basis. Finally, we will accelerate the pace of execution within our organization, working towards total organizational alignment around focused priorities, clear decision-making, and deliberate execution, rigorously measured, we hold the power to take Expedia from the great company it is today to a different level. In short, we need to focus on what is important, then do it better and faster. With the above operational focus areas, we will be in a better position than ever to drive growth across our business on a go-forward basis. As a leadership team, we are all energized about this next chapter. During my 11 years at Expedia, our employees around the world have proven repeatedly that they are capable of nearly anything. I'm extraordinarily excited to lead them and empower them as we all evolve Expedia towards its full potential. Now let's turn to our Q3 results. Though underlying execution was solid on a number of fronts, our overall results were weaker than expected. Q3 gross bookings grew 11%, revenue grew a healthy 15%, and adjusted EBITDA grew 6% year-over-year. Stayed room night growth was 16% year-over-year, a bit slower than our first half 2017 growth rate of 17%. Our results this quarter were negatively impacted by the record storms that hit the Americas beginning in late August and continued through mid September. Excluding estimated impacts from these natural disasters, adjusted EBITDA would have improved by approximately $15 million to $20 million and our total stayed room nights would have grown largely in line with the first half of 2017. In our core OTA segment, we saw continued good momentum. Our global core OTA brands continued to grow room nights at a healthy pace and collectively delivered room night growth of 18%. For certain of our regional brands being U.S. centric made them particularly susceptible to recent storm impacts. Separately, we're pleased to bring our total available core OTA property counts to more than 500,000, including over 95,000 HomeAway listings available on 28 brand Expedia, Orbitz, Travelocity, CheapTickets and ebookers points of sale representing lodging portfolio growth of 57% year-over-year. Despite storm impacts, Egencia grew gross bookings 9% and revenue grew 13%. We're pleased to see real progress on ramping of Egencia's sales force in the quarter and we're even more pleased in Q3 to see them sign a quarterly record of approximately $385 million in new client business. We have high ambitions for Egencia to double last year's gross bookings by 2020, and it's great to see them getting some solid traction towards that goal. Moving on to HomeAway, Q3 marked another solid quarter of execution by the team as they continued to drive their transformation from a subscription business to a true online eCommerce business. For Q3, transactional revenue exceeded 75% of HomeAway's total revenue for the first time ever. Conversion rates at HomeAway continue to steadily climb as they ramp up test and learn velocity on traveler-facing experiences and introduce new features making it easier and more attractive for travelers, property owners, and managers to transact on the HomeAway platform. Given solid progress at HomeAway, we plan to lean even more heavily than anticipated earlier this year into paid marketing channels, a trend we expect to continue through 2018. trivago's revenue growth on a standalone basis decelerated to 22% year-over-year driven by trivago's traffic and marketplace optimization efforts, along with advertisers' ever-changing responses to those efforts leading to less monetization of the marketplace. We do expect marketplace monetization and advertiser behavior to normalize over time. Regardless, trivago will continue to face very difficult revenue comps for the first half of 2018. Despite these current challenges, we know trivago is one of the best-known and best-loved consumer brands in travel, and that trivago remains a very attractive travel advertising platform for OTAs and hotel companies across the globe. As such, we remain convinced that trivago will execute through its current challenges and remain a large and important player in the travel ecosystem for a very long time to come. In closing, though we are not at all satisfied with our Q3 performance, our sights are clearly aimed at the longer-term opportunity ahead. I am extremely optimistic about what we can achieve with our greater focus on becoming locally relevant globally, becoming much more customer centric, and moving much faster as an organization. To that end, going forward, you should expect to see us lean more aggressively than previously contemplated into marketing, technology, and supply investments through the remainder of the year and throughout 2018. In doing so, we expect to create yet another phase of delivering tremendous shareholder value. With that, I'll turn it over to Alan.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia, Inc.: Thanks, Mark. Briefly I'd like to say how honored I am to be in this seat today to have the chance to partner with you, the rest of the leadership team, and Expedia employees globally to continue to build and grow the best and largest travel company in the world. In spite of the headwinds created by the recent natural disasters, lodging revenue including both hotel and total HomeAway revenue increased 15% for the third quarter, driven by stayed room night growth of 16%. In the hotel business, revenue per room night declined 3% while average daily rates grew approximately 2% leading to a gap between these two metrics of approximately 450 basis points. Essentially consistent with last quarter and right in the range of our expectations. HomeAway gross bookings grew 44% while revenue grew 45% to $305 million. Stayed property night growth came in at 36% and would have been higher absent the hurricanes. Third quarter transactional revenue grew by 116% and peaked for the year at $236 million. Subscription revenue declined, decreasing by 37% year-over-year, as HomeAway continued to gain momentum in their eCommerce transition. HomeAway reported the highest quarterly adjusted EBITDA in the company's history of $126 million representing 63% growth year-over-year. Advertising and media revenue of $299 million was up 24% year-over-year due to continued growth at trivago and Media Solutions. Performance for trivago came in substantially below our expectations as compared to the second quarter call with adjusted EBITDA for trivago falling to an $8 million loss on 22% revenue growth. As discussed, on trivago's earnings call yesterday, they continue to see negative trends as advertisers adjust to the new normal and test new bidding strategies. In terms of expenses, cost of revenue grew 8% year-over-year, 4% ex-cloud, leveraging quite nicely. Cloud expense in cost of revenue totaled $17 million during the quarter. For the full year, we continue to expect cost of revenue to grow slower than revenue including cloud costs. Total selling and marketing expenses grew 21% year-over-year driven by a 22% increase in direct expenses. Despite the headwinds created by the natural disasters, we continued to make aggressive marketing investments across our global brands. Additionally, performance at trivago impacted direct marketing expense growth rates. We continue to optimize our regional brands with a bias toward profit versus top line growth. Technology and content grew 13% year-over-year primarily driven by higher head count along with the addition of SilverRail and included $11 million in cloud expenses. Including cloud expenses, we expect technology and content to grow slightly slower than revenue for the full year. General and Administrative expenses grew by 17%, a bit faster than normal on significantly more difficult comps and higher head count, along with the addition of SilverRail. We continue to expect good leverage on general and administrative expenses for the full year. Our cloud migration project remains on track. We spent a total of $29 million on cloud during the third quarter, compared to $11 million in the prior year period. Year to date, we have spent $66 million across both cost of revenue and technology and content. We now expect to spend around $100 million on cloud this year. Turning to the balance sheet, we opportunistically placed approximately $1 billion in senior notes with a 2028 maturity and a coupon of 3.8% during the quarter. This represents Expedia's largest-ever bond deal and an excellent source of long-term capital at very attractive interest rates. And to confirm, our long-standing leverage targets and approach to capital deployment have not changed. We will continue to balance share repurchases, our quarterly dividend and opportunistic M&A. Additionally, this quarter we were pleased to declare a dividend of $0.30 per share to be paid in the fourth quarter. Turning to our financial expectations for full year 2017. On a consolidated basis, including cloud spending, we now expect adjusted EBITDA to grow in the mid- to high-single-digit percentage range. Our expectations reflect a meaningfully lower EBITDA contribution from trivago in the fourth quarter and include a hangover effect of the natural disasters we discussed today of nearly $10 million. In addition, as Mark noted in his opening comments and as we spoke about in our Q2 call, we continue to lean into performance-based marketing channels and are ramping up investments in our hotel market management sales force, both of which put pressure on our bottom line performance near term, but both of which we believe are the right investments for the long-term. Although we've not yet completed our 2018 planning exercise, we did want to give you some initial thoughts and key factors to consider when looking out into 2018. Firstly, as it relates to our core OTA business, as Mark mentioned, we have gained increased confidence that an accelerated pace of property addition along with related marketing and infrastructure investments in priority markets will produce out-sized returns over the medium term. As a result, we are currently in the process of ramping up the required resources. Additionally, we also expect our cloud expenses to ramp significantly in 2018, all of which we expect to put pressure on 2018 profitability. Secondly, we see great potential at HomeAway, given solid progress we have seen in the transition so far. As such, with our eye to the long-term opportunity, we are inclined to continue to invest in that business. Additionally, HomeAway is undertaking its own cloud migration, which we estimate will result in nearly $30 million of direct cloud expense next year. Given these factors, we now expect HomeAway's 2018 EBITDA to be below the previous target of $350 million. Third, trivago performance is currently challenged. And as a result, our expectations for trivago for 2018 are significantly lower than they otherwise would have been. Finally, as a further framework for understanding how we are approaching 2018, from a financial planning perspective, we have an established track record of appropriately balancing long-term investments while delivering near-term results. Against that backdrop, with very few exceptions, we historically delivered adjusted EBITDA growth in the range of 10% to 20%. In years where we believe it appropriate to be more aggressive in our investment efforts, we have generally delivered full-year growth closer to the low end of that range. We look forward to giving you more precise 2018 guidance on our Q4 call. With that, let's turn to questions.
Operator: . We will take our first question from Lloyd Walmsley with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks for taking the question. A couple if I can. I guess just first on HomeAway, can you kind of give us a sense for whether the fees that we've been seeing on the customer side of late are going to continue at these elevated levels into 2018, or if these are perhaps just tests? And how should we think about, I guess, the mix of subscription, bookings on subscription listings versus paper booking listings that carry a host fee? Is that something you can give us a little bit of color on in terms of the mix and the trends? And then shifting to the core, can you just talk a little bit more about the investment that you're going to make next year aside from obviously the cloud expense and perhaps a little bit slower growth that's leading to that EBITDA in the towards the low end of that 10 to 20% range?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Sure, Lloyd. Happy to do it. So firstly, on HomeAway, you know, it's hard to say with any precision whether looking forward fees are going to be at the level that they're at right now. The team is really doing a ton of testing. So, you know, you may see something that other consumers don't see. I mean, we will do things where we test things sequentially. So it's hard to get a gauge or give you more guidance than sort of keep your eye on things. In terms of mix between subscription and PPB on the host side of things, you know, I'd say generally the trend has been to shift to more PPB. It's hard to say exactly where it will go. I mean, I think that all of the hosts are trying to figure out what's the optimal break-even point for them. But I think increasingly as HomeAway transitions to, you know, a real marketplace model and starts introducing things like the Accelerator program which like we've got on the hotel side, I think it may be the case that PPB hosts just have a better ability to compete in that marketplace. But time will tell. But the trend is definitely towards more PPB. In terms of the investments in the core besides cloud, you know, really this is all about us be in a position now where we basically stamped out a point of sale presence around the world. Hotels.com I think is now in 75 different countries around the world. You know, brand Expedia has a few to add certainly. But they've got a decent presence. So we sort of planted our flags, if you will, for the most part. And now it's about looking at all of those markets which are large attractive opportunities where we're not number one and figuring out exactly how do we get to number one. And it's not a secret. We know exactly what we need to do. We've got to have great hotel inventory, we've got to have great content, it's got to be translated well. We've got to have landing pages, we've got to have variable marketing campaigns going, we've got to have where we've got a very competitive product, compelling television advertising, for example, to tell the world how great it is. So we know what to do, and we're now in a position where we've got these global platforms in place, and it's about more so going deep as opposed to going wide. It's hard to say right now or give you more color in terms of exactly what the level of investment is, how much we'll return in year. But what I'll tell you is that the investments that we're going to put in through Q4 and into 2008 (sic) [2018] (22:03) will represent a step-up. But the returns from those investments accrue over multiple years, and whether we'll have to do step change after step change, I doubt it. I think it's going to be a step-up in investment that we'll grow from. And the goal here ultimately is to build just much more compelling consumer experiences around the world and more compelling experiences bring better top-line growth, bring better market efficiencies, and ultimately better EBITDA margins over the long-term. And that's the goal here.
Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: All right. Thanks, guys.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question, please.
Operator: We will go next to Peter Stabler with Wells Fargo Securities. Please go ahead.
Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks very much for the question. Mark, could you give us a little bit more color around the decision to lean more aggressively into the marketing for both HomeAway and the core OTA products? Is this reacting to the competitive landscape in the performance marketing channels across different regions, or is this more kind of a philosophical shift now that you're in the seat on seizing this opportunity? Thanks. Any color would be appreciated.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Sure. It's not really or in actuality a result of me changing focus or changing the focus of our various businesses. It's a by-product of a lot of the thinking and execution that the teams have been working on. So for HomeAway, for example, they by the end of this year, we'll be in a position where they have a true technology-driven performance, marketing platform in place. And with the increase in online bookable properties, they've got now up to 1.5 million, with 1/3 of those now being instantly bookable with the platform in place. They're just going to be in a better position to actually execute on performance marketing, make sure they've got coverage and actually track the results than they've ever been, and so that will enable them to step it up. I think as it relates to the core OTA business, again, as we ramp up hotel properties, this creates essentially new opportunities for marketing for us. So we'll see associated marketing spend that go along with our ramp-up in property acquisition. And then, I would just say that the team is just continuing to get better and better and better in terms of just approaching performance marketing, really across all of the capabilities, and that gives us confidence to spend more, and hopefully will allow us to spend more ultimately and deliver better returns over the long-term. So it's really execution. It's not a strategic shift, and I'm not changing the way that we'll be doing things on performance marketing.
Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question.
Operator: We will go next too Paul Bieber with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead
Paul Bieber - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. Thank you for taking my questions. I have two of them. What was the bookings impact of the natural disasters? I think I saw an EBITDA impact. I wasn't sure if you had highlighted a bookings impact. And then, also, on the increased cloud spend, what does ramping significantly mean? Can you just provide some context around that?
Alan Pickerill - Expedia, Inc.: Yes. Thanks, Paul. This is Alan. Listen, on the bookings side, we didn't quantify it in the prepared remarks. We obviously have looked at it across the entire P&L. I would say the primary factor there on bookings has been a slowdown in domestic room nights booked in the period from about mid-August into a good part of September, and you can see that in our domestic bookings growth in Q3 compared to Q2. So that's the primary impact on gross bookings. On revenue, it's a combination of canceled room nights and then also refunds, where we're refunding more than we normally would in order to accommodate customers, but we haven't quantified the specific amounts. As far as the cloud spend is concerned, I'm not prepared to give you a number today. We are certainly in the process, but I guess what I'd like to do is just kind of be sure that everybody understands how this works. The spend that we're talking about is basically the spend that we pay to a cloud provider for compute power. And so as we move more and more of the products, the technology, the functionality into the cloud computing environment, then the spend ramps up. As we move through 2017, we are putting a fair bit of the compute into the cloud. The biggest component of which happens to be our components of our lodging stack, but by the end of this year, we will still have significant compute to move into the cloud. And so that will happen into 2018, and all of that results in an increase. So we'll have more details on that when we give the guidance, but it is a meaningful increase. I mean, I would say it's  think of it as being more than 50% increase year-over-year.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Yes. And I would just remind you too in addition to moving more compute into the cloud, there is the annualization of the exit rate of compute that's in the cloud as at December. So you're already on a growing base, and then our ambition is to move as much as we can essentially into the cloud. But as a reminder, the real benefit here comes in, yes, there will be some operating savings in terms of decreased power costs that show up in our cost of sale, largely from running our own data centers, but also a significant reduction in CapEx, and you've already seen that. You saw it last quarter. You're seeing it again this quarter. That will be a trend going forward. And, importantly, it's not only just a year-on-year decrease in capital expenditures from what we have had in the past, but remember just given the amount of growth that we've been driving, this is also about, you know, avoiding the future CapEx to just fund that growth that we'd have to spend and then throwing maintenance CapEx on top of that. So we're more convinced than ever that this is an excellent decision from a free cash flow perspective. We're more convinced than ever that this is an excellent decision from a performance standpoint, and we are more convinced than ever that from a velocity of innovation standpoint that this is the right move.
Paul Bieber - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: We will take our next question from Deepak Mathivanan with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Deepak Mathivanan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thanks, guys. Two questions for me. So first, direct marketing spend de-levered by about 200 basis points, but growth rates also decelerated to 21% this quarter. I know trivago is going through pricing changes, but could you discuss whether you saw changes in efficiencies across any of the marketing channels that might have kind of caused a deceleration in room-nights stayed? And do you think trivago is now at a point where it kind of makes sense from an ROI standpoint to grow spend again? Or do you think there is still adjustments needed? Thanks.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia, Inc.: So, yes. So let me start on that, and then Mark can jump in. I think as far as the overall deleverage on selling and marketing, I think more than anything else, the two primary impacts are the impact of the storms. You have a situation where your revenue is hit both, as I said earlier, from cancellations as well as from refunds, but the marketing spend carries on pretty much. So the marketing spend for the stays during the quarter has been spent prior to and into the quarter, and then there's marketing spend that carries on to try to drive gross bookings going forward. So I think that's an element. I think the second element we talked about is just the fact that we're seeing a disproportionate mix of our volume coming from the higher-cost channels. And so just mathematically in a given quarter, that's going to result in lower net efficiencies. And then the trivago component, I think you're right to point out, and I guess the main factor there is that, as trivago saw changes in their marketplace and a slowdown in their revenue growth, they didn't necessarily pull back their marketing immediately. And so they are also going through the process of determining what their appropriate marketing spend ought to be given kind of, you know, what will become a new normal for them on their growth rates. Mark, do you want to add to that one?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Yes. Just a few things on trivago because I know that is a story. So I'll just sort of broaden the conversation a little bit. I think first of all, just from the impact on our results from trivago, in addition to the bottom line result, obviously as that channel has slowed down a little bit, it can have a negative impact on the room-night growth of our business. But elevating back up to trivago just generally, I would just say that we continue to believe that this is just an excellent business. trivago has an incredible consumer following, because it's an incredible consumer product. The management team is excellent. They are terrific operators. They're getting used to being a public company, obviously. But they are just excellent, excellent operators. And the third thing I'd say is that it is a very attractive marketing channel for OTAs and hoteliers, and that has not changed. What has changed is that trivago has made a number of modifications to their marketplace, and including the introduction of the landing-page score and then the normalization of that landing-page score. And advertisers are basically testing into that channel to figure out what the best way to get the best volume at the right efficiencies are from that channel. And I think that's going to take a little bit of time, but as that volatility settles out, and we do believe it's going to settle out, we're not at all questioning whether it's going to be an important channel for our OTA brands. We know it is and will always be, and we're not questioning the importance of trivago in this ecosystem at all.
Deepak Mathivanan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That's helpful. Mark, just quick follow-up on that. Was there any other channel during the quarter that might have been disproportionately inefficient with respect to marketing efficiencies?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: No, nothing I'd call out. Again, the big movers here are, and there's probably three of them. There is trivago itself not being able to pull back fast enough and deleveraging more than they would like; there is essentially the impact of the storms taking revenue away without taking sales and marketing away; and then there is our core OTA business and HomeAway starting to ramp up in performance marketing channels with some associated revenue hitting in the quarter and some coming in future quarters
Deepak Mathivanan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. That's helpful. Thanks, Mark.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question.
Operator: We will go next to Jed Kelly with Oppenheimer. Please go ahead.
Jed Kelly - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks for taking my question. As you talk about more aggressive advertising for HomeAway in 2018, should we expect next year's online bookings to actually accelerate past this year's seasonal trends than we've seen in bookings over the past two years? And then can you speak to some of the qualitative drivers around HomeAway's room nights growth lagging online bookings? I guess some has to do with the hurricane. And should we expect this gap to close or even reverse as you start to drive more shoulder season and overnight travel?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: I'll take the first one and then I'll turn it over to Alan for the second one. Listen, I think certainly HomeAway's aspiration would be to accelerate online bookings. But remember that the historic portion of HomeAway's bookings that came from performance marketing channels was pretty darn small and actually a lot of it comes direct. You know, a lot of it comes through other branded sources, you know, SEO is a source, and that's been challenged, you know, across the whole industry. So the question is does the performance marketing, does that become big enough to move the overall number up or not. And we don't really know the answer to that. I mean, what we do believe obviously is that the performance marketing based bookings are going to grow very quickly and will probably accelerate. But whether or not that can move the whole number, it's hard to say at this point.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia, Inc.: And, Jed, I would say on your second question, just looking at the room night growth relative to the gross bookings growth, you know, obviously over a period of time, they're going to be the same. And the primary factor in the quarter actually probably has less to do than a significant difference in the rate of room nights booked versus room nights stayed and a bit more to do with their ADRs. Their ADRs are up kind of mid- to high single digits year-over-year as they have been for a while. And that's a combination of mix, it's also impacted by the mix of larger, bigger homes being booked. So I don't think there's a huge story this quarter in terms of their booked volumes versus their stayed volumes.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Next question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Mike J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hi. Good afternoon. Couple questions. Other than the hurricanes and the increased investment in various areas that you've outlined, would you say there is any weakness in just fundamentals of the travel environment or any market share issues that you're bumping up against?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Well, I'll take that one. You know, I think that certainly the overall macro climate, it's hard to ignore some of this terrorist activity that we've seen in Barcelona, obviously the horrible events we saw in Las Vegas. I mean, there are things going on that are starting to be sort of the new normal. Aside from that, when we look at the macro environment, it still looks reasonably solid, and a lot of the trends that we have seen for some time now look to be continuing. You know, air ticket pricing is down, which is generally good for us. The lodging industry continues to be relatively strong. Haven't seen a big change there. Car rental companies kind of up and down. But, you know, no significant change their aside from the overall macro shift that seems to be hurting their on-airport locations towards, you know, things like Uber, which is obviously a great company. But, you know, aside from that, no major change. I think in terms of share and us specifically, we don't see a big change in what's happening with our overall our global growth brands. They continue to do very well. The things that end up hitting us from quarter to quarter are some of the smaller brands. I think the regional brands we mentioned got disproportionately hit by the hurricanes and other storms. Hotwire has not yet completely found its new footing, so that can be a drag on results. We still have not completely lapped over the shedding of some of the Orbitz Partner Network business that continues to be a drag on the business. So there's little kind of nicks and cuts that hit our results, but no change for the global growth brands. They are collectively doing well and on solid footing.
Mike J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co.: All right. And there's lot of interest in the alternative accommodation space from a lot of people. HomeAway appears to be continuing to do pretty well. Do you think that's a function of HomeAway winning the market? Or is it rising-tide-lifts-multiple-ship scenario, or is it some combination of the two?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Well, I think it's a combination of the two. I would disproportionately put attribute winning market to them. If they were sitting still and doing nothing, I could say that they're just getting lifted by the rising tide, but they are just pushing a ton of change. It's remarkable how much change that that team has accomplished in such a short period of time, and they're not even nearly done. So I think that they're winning in the market. Now, whether or not they're winning from a like-for-like competitor, whether they are encouraging more people to travel than would otherwise travel, whether or not they're taking from the traditional lodging market. It's hard to say, but we do believe that they are growing significantly faster than the overall alternative accommodations market.
Mike J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question.
Operator: And we will go next to Akshay Bhatia with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Akshay Bhatia - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Thank you. Could you characterize the CapEx savings you expect from cloud migration over time? And can you remind us what sort of the status is of your new headquarters in Seattle and some of the expenses around that?
Alan Pickerill - Expedia, Inc.: Yes. So on the CapEx savings, there's a couple ways to think about that. I mean, we're already seeing it. You can kind of see it  you can start to see it in our CapEx numbers. If you take a look at what we've spent so far this year that this year includes our spending on new headquarters. So we are in the data center down already, and the year-over-year comparison isn't even entirely fair to us, because the savings is actually kind of what you would have spent relative to what you are spending. So we are already seeing some benefit there. The real benefit, though, is going to come when we get far enough along in the process that we can actually start to shut down parts of our data centers. We're a little ways away from that. We've not made any final decisions there. We need to learn more in terms of how everything is going and how things are working. But at some point, we will be able to reduce the actual data center size, and that will be more meaningful. It will cut CapEx. And also, by the way, eventually we'll cut some OpEx in cost of sales, too. On the new headquarters, things are progressing just from a timing perspective, the vast majority of the work is going to be done in 2018 and 2019. There has been a fair amount of prep work done so far, but there's a lot of additional fitting out of existing buildings and some new structures going up in the next couple of years. We think the whole project, excluding purchase of the land, will be between (42:02) million. By the end of this year we will probably have spent around, call it, $130 million, $140 million. And so the rest of it will be split, call it, roughly evenly between 2018 and 2019. And we expect to be able to move into the building at the end of 2019.
Akshay Bhatia - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ron Josey with JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
Ronald V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC: Great. Thanks for taking the question. I want to ask about hotel acquisitions. I think that's a key strategy for you all. And specifically, Mark, is the team in place and are the processes in place to call it double your hotel count if that's the goal of what the 500,000 as of this quarter? I think earlier you said hotels create more marketing opportunities and therefore growth, and we've talked a lot about the cost side. I want to understand the benefit side and where we are in that process. And then when you think about the step-up in investments going forward between locally relevant, customer care, et cetera, how would you characterize this step-up in investment relative to those in the past? Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Sure. Well, the team that is required to deliver on the ultimate acceleration in hotel acquisition in 2018 is not yet completely in place. We are in the process of starting to ramp that up. We have not given a number in terms of where we want to get to. I would just say that if you look at our overall property count now at 500,000 available on the OTA side, we've said 95,000 of those are HomeAway. So call it 400,000 less are actually hotel properties and compare that to the overall number of hotel properties that exists in the world. I mean, our ambitions are ultimately to connect everyone in the world to every place in the world and give them the full selection of places to stay. So over the course of the next five years, that's the direction that we're going to go. We do have, obviously, the processes in place now that we can scale things up. If you look at how many properties we added three years ago, it would have been 25,000 to 30,000. This year we'll add 80,000 or so, or a little bit north. So we just about tripled our capacity over the course of the last three years, and we're expecting to do a step change going forward as well. Yes, there's a cost side of this, but we do this to ultimately to generate revenue, and that comes from two sources. One is we have demand on our websites right now looking for properties that we don't currently have signed up. And so signing up those properties allows us to satisfy that demand. But two, if you take the simplest example of trivago that runs hotel-specific meta-search auctions, we are simply not in the auction for any hotel that we don't have. So it also creates the opportunity to drive new demand. So that's the goal here is ultimately better satisfy existing demand, create the opportunity to drive new demand, and in the process, build ultimately a better product for customers around the world and particularly customers in countries in which we prioritize. In terms of investment level, it's hard to characterize at this point. We don't want to get into providing detailed guidance for 2018, although we did provide actually guidance for 2018 a little bit early. But what I can say is that these are investments that, unlike the technology investments we made in the past that you should start to see some impact at least in terms of room-night growth versus what we would have otherwise delivered in 2018, particularly around the back part. It's going to take us a while to ramp things up, but you should start to see results, and I think you'll be able to see what we're doing based upon our property count, based upon our indirect sales and marketing expense ramp-up, and ultimately, we were successful in the short-term in room-night growth and, in the long-term in better margins. And I think you'll find the investment that we're making is appropriate and will be well returned.
Ronald V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC: Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question, please?
Operator: We'll go next to Mark May with Citi. Please go ahead.
Mark A. May - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks. I think given that you're deciding to lean in on investing in HomeAway, you've been getting this question a lot, but maybe I'll ask it again. Can you try to give us a sense of what the organic online-plus-offline bookings growth looks like at HomeAway now that you're getting close to over half or the majority of it happening online? I think people are obviously wanting to get a better sense of what the organic bookings growth looks like there. So anything you can add to that would be helpful. Thanks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Sure. Well, I think, again, we stopped estimating what the total platform bookings were the day that we closed the deal. So we're not  it's very difficult for us to get a sense of the booking volume that's happening offline. What we can tell you is that traffic on the platform is growing, that the total listing count is growing. So we believe that the overall booking volume, including online and offline, is growing as well. At what rate, it's hard for us to tell. But we're very focused on, obviously, the online piece. So I think it's that the total bookings growth rate that we've seen online for HomeAway has been pretty consistently in sort of the 35%, 45% year-on-year range. I suspect obviously that that is penetrating into the larger opportunity and the offline piece is growing slower. But I think the whole 14 billion to 16 billion in total platform bookings, which is the number we gave at the time of the deal, is significantly larger now. Next question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Justin Patterson with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Justin T. Patterson - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Mark, I want to unpack your first priority around local relevance on a global basis, primarily in the context of Asia and China. You made the investment in Traveloka last quarter. Your competitor just made one (49:06). How should we think about your approach in that region? And then secondly with HomeAway, it looks like you're taking a gradual approach to integrating inventory on Expedia sites. Could you talk about the time line to just integrate all of the inventory and how we should think about factors like non-instant booking inventory listing optimization? Thanks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Sure. So in Asia Pacific, we've got a multi-pronged strategy there. I think when you think about Expedia, Inc., we are really part portfolio company, part operating company. And the first part of the multi-pronged strategy is about making sure that ultimately if there are attractive assets out there like Traveloka, which has really latched onto something special with what they're building there, that ultimately we can be a part of that. Not only in terms of investing capital, but also partnering with them to provide their non-direct hotel inventory. So that's a piece of it. I think, secondly, is we have a great business with our Expedia affiliate network which is not only powering the likes of Traveloka where we make minority investments but is also out there powering every other online travel agency that exists in China to the extent possible. Corporate travel players, offline travel agencies, all of which are pretty significant in Asia; airlines, for example. So even where we don't have necessarily a consumer-facing presence, making sure that we tap into demand from all of those regions, including China, which you mentioned, and driving that demand into our inventory base both in Asia Pacific but then also outside of Asia Pacific. And then separately, brand Expedia and Hotels.com are building real meaningful presences in Asia. Brand Expedia, for example, very strong in places like Hong Kong, building strong presence in Taiwan, starting to grow significantly in South Korea. Hotels.com very strong in South Korea. Brand Expedia very strong in Japan. So we should have got this combination of investing combined with our affiliate business combined with our global brands, and that's not even to talk about Egencia which is building up a big presence there to serve their corporate clients. So it is really multifaceted. Asia Pacific is quickly growing to be the largest travel market. Obviously with emerging markets there starting to actually become meaningful for pushing more people into the middle class, the fact that mobile is allowing people to leapfrog the desktop and bringing people more online, we're very excited about Asia and we are in Asia in many different ways, and we're in it very seriously. And I think if you look over a five-year basis, there will be many countries in Asia where at the end of five years, we are truly locally relevant in terms of having number one positions in those markets. In terms of integrating the inventory from HomeAway onto the Expedia, Inc. sites, I think the first pot of inventory to go after there is the 500,000 some-odd instantly bookable listings. We've got 95,000 of them now integrated into our core lodging stack. And really the goal right now is to get ourselves in a position where we have real property density across a number of popular destinations and we've got enough demand, which we now are up to 28 different points of sale, that we can really start to get the statistical significance on tests that we're running around how do you best present this inventory to ultimately deliver the most bookings by essentially matching that inventory with the demand or the customers who are actually looking for it. So that's what it's about. I think we will ramp it up even further here in the fourth quarter and into 2018. And our hope is that we do get better and better at matching the right customer to the right property. Our expectation is that we will. We do not have yet firm plans on integrating all of the other inventory yet, although it is, which is not instantly bookable, but is absolutely on our radar, and that is something that could come later on in 2018, but we have no definitive plans at this point.
Justin T. Patterson - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got it. Thanks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question.
Operator: We'll go next to Perry Gold with MoffettNathanson. Please go ahead.
Perry Gold - MoffettNathanson LLC: Hey. Thanks for taking the question. Firstly, Mark and Alan, congratulations on the new roles. Apologies if this question was...
Alan Pickerill - Expedia, Inc.: Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Thank you, Perry.
Perry Gold - MoffettNathanson LLC: Yes. Absolutely. Absolutely. Apologies if this question was asked already. Mark, at the Skift Forum in September, you said that HomeAway's next priority will be to push into international markets and major metros. Can you comment on the timing and likely level of investment required to go after these markets? And is there a chance this keeps HomeAway's marketing at elevated levels and possibly restricts margin expansion for several years?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Sure. Well, I think the broader point there is that it is really something that we highlighted at the time of the acquisition, which is Phase 1 of this is just taking the volume of activity that they've got right now and they had at the end of 2015 when we closed the deal that was predominantly U.S. and Western European and predominantly in secondary and tertiary resort and ski destinations and moving that stuff online, and they are still in the process of doing exactly that. Phase 2/2a is then expanding their international presence, and Europe is an area where they are setting themselves up for success. It's part organizational, getting themselves into a real pan-European global organization, part of it is platform consolidation and getting everything on the same global platform, and they're making good progress there. It's hard for me to give you a timing on whether or not that is going to be a meaningful  when that will be a meaningful push for them. I think it'll be a little bit more gradual here through 2018, at least from what we see now. And then, the urban opportunity is something that is  which we called out as kind of the Phase 2, and maybe now I'll call it the Phase 2b. One of the big catalysts there is getting the HomeAway instantly-bookable inventory onto our core OTA sites. Those core OTA sites, brand Expedia, Orbitz, Travelocity, ebookers, Hotels.com, just to name a few, have real meaningful volume into major metropolitan centers, where there is a significant amount of urban inventory. So step one is to get what they've got in the resort and ski destinations, predominantly onto those sites, start actually getting things optimized and working, and then of course once we get those muscles working, moving that more into some urban accommodations. But it's not priority number one right now. It is something that maybe we'll get to towards the end of 2018, but it's not priority number one. Priority number one is get what you got online and monetize it better, and we think they're making great traction on that front.
Perry Gold - MoffettNathanson LLC: Okay. Thanks, Mark.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: We'll go next to Kevin Kopelman with Cowen & Company.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks. So I wanted to ask a follow-up on core OTA marketing. Can you talk about how you're approaching return on ad spend, including what you see as acceptable returns? And also how do you attribute revenue to your ad channels given the complexity of multi-session and multi-device shopping and repeat customer behavior? Thanks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Sure. So return on ad spend, I'd say no major change to how we've been looking at it. Factor number one is how much money am I going to make on this first transaction from this traffic that I'm buying. And consideration number two is how likely is it that this customer that I am introducing to my product is going to repeat with me. And as a general rule, the traffic that you would get in traditional paid search, think about it as the New York hotels' Blue Link that generally has a higher repeat propensity for our brand than something like a TripAdvisor meta search link, for example. So because of that, the return factor for meta search would be a little bit smaller than it would be for the traditional SEM. So that's essentially how we approach it. Again, I'd say no major change to our overall approach. In terms of how we attribute revenue to the ad channels and how do we attribute to the specific keywords, how do we attribute to all of the keywords they touch, I mean, this is a data science gold mine which we have a ton of people constantly working on answering this exact question. And I'm just not going to get into the details of that right now. It's something that's, I'd say, proprietary, but it is something we spend a lot of time on, and of course the most important thing is trying to get as close as you can to spending as much as you can or allocating as much as you can to the channel and to the keyword or whatever it is that actually drove the booking. And that's the goal of those teams.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks, Mark.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question.
Operator: We'll go next to Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. Just wanted to get a sense of what you're seeing on the hotel direct side of things. Obviously, Hilton on their earnings call earlier today had very positive things to say about their efforts in these areas. And to the extent that you are seeing a higher cost of customer acquisition or higher marketing costs or, put another way, sort of conversion headwinds on the marketing dollars that are being spent, is there any sense that the success that some of these hotels seem to be having with these direct programs is contributing to that?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Well, I think the short answer is no. We don't think it's impacting our business at all. We have seen no direct impact on our marketing efficiencies from anything they've been doing. We've seen no real impact on our conversion rates, our marketplace from the discounting they've been doing. So we're just not seeing it. I think as it relates to their overall push direct, listen, it makes a ton of sense to me. We do the exact same thing, which is bring customers onto our platforms, try to give them amazing experiences, and try to have them come back to us directly. So we think it makes strategic sense. Now what I would say is that the real way that, at least we think from our humble perspective, that hotels should be thinking about this is that the best way to get customers that are on our channel that are, by the way, brand agnostic. Less than half a percent of Hotels.com shoppers are looking for the largest hotel chain out there. They really are brand agnostic. And in the last 18 months with the all of the discounting activity that's been going on and seeing what that's done to the search results of these hotels, that's only been proven out even more that this is a competitive marketplace amongst hotels on our channel and that ultimately this is the basis of competition. So the question is well, how do they compete in that world. Well, the best way to compete in that world is the way that we compete, again, for our repeat customers is give them an amazing experience. And it's not through a television advertisement. It's not through rewards points. It's not through a discount. It's actually through giving them an amazing experience on property. And if they do that, they're going to build great loyal customers, customers that hopefully will come back to them again and again. But even if they don't come back to them again and again, customers that ultimately choose that hotel the next time they're shopping on Expedia or Hotels.com, and that's where I hope we can shift the dialogue. But I think they're booked direct. Overall, that intent, I think it makes a lot of sense.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you, Mark.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: We'll go next to Brent Thill with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Brent Thill - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Just a clarification on the shift to cloud away from your own proprietary infrastructure. What's the duration that you're putting behind this? I know there's associated costs that are ramping, but when you look at the completion, is this two to three years out? How do you think about the end goal of when you'll be pure cloud?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Yes. Well, so it remains to be seen if we'll be pure cloud. I think there's a chance that we may require some of our own data center capacity indefinitely. But in the spirit of your question, at the point at which we think we'll be vast majority cloud, I would say it's a two to three-year effort.
Brent Thill - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thanks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question.
Operator: We'll go next to Dan Wasiolek with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Dan Wasiolek - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Hi, guys. As you look to expand and accelerate your international offering, just wondering if maybe you can give any commentary on how that would potentially impact the international take rate if at all? Just any kind of view on that as we look out into 2018? Thanks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Sure. I mean, it obviously depends on how you're looking at take rate. We don't anticipate a significant change to our overall hotel margin mix as a result of this. There could be slight as we go into some markets with that lower structural margins, but there's nothing right now that says that's going to be a dramatic impact on our business. I think that if you look at take rate from the purely financial standpoint and look at international gross bookings versus international revenue, I think as we go more international, I think the first step is to actually ramp up our hotel acquisition efforts and get more hotel inventory. And that could drive more mix into hotel, which could be a positive for overall take rate defined by that sense.
Dan Wasiolek - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Okay. That's helpful. Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Millman with Millman Research Associates. Please go ahead.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Thank you. Could you talk about Egencia? Particularly I'm interested in how much of the growth is market share and how much, if any, of the growth is improved corporate travel and maybe could also break that out geographically, U.S. and international? Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Glad you asked about Egencia because we're pretty excited about it. I'd say that it is all growth in market share. Egencia has been consistently growing at two to three times faster than the overall market. The overall corporate travel spend environment has been actually pretty consistent over time. You're talking about flat to up slightly, low single digits (01:05:48). Not a significant change in the overall dynamic by region obviously in the emerging markets where overall business activity is growing quicker. You see quicker growth in corporate travel spend. But not a significant driver. So it is really all about growth in market share, and of course Egencia is taking essentially consumer experiences built by the best in class in consumer-facing online travel agencies and putting them in the hands of corporate travelers. And that just resonates with people. So their offering is resonating really well with the corporate travel market, and we are investing aggressively behind that. We mentioned we ramped up their sales force. That continues to go well. They had a record new client signing in Q3, which we're really excited about. And I think that we are I think very early in the stages of what Egencia can become. I think it's going to be a big part of this business, and I think five years from now, that will be all too clear.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: So is it picking up share from OTA or creating OTA customers?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Well, I think it's more likely taking it from traditional travel management companies or taking companies that used to work with traditional offline travel agents, some of the smaller ones, and moving them online. I don't think there's a lot of share coming from OTAs at all. In fact, I think there are some OTAs including Hotels.com and some of their other competitors that have a pretty significant part of their business that actually comes from business travelers. They're just not in a managed sense.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question.
Operator: We'll go next to Naved Khan with SunTrust. Please go ahead.
Naved Khan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Yes. Hi. Thank you. I just had a question on the international room night growth, 22% this quarter versus 26% in the prior quarter. Was most of the slowdown because of the change at trivago, or was there anything else driving it?
Alan Pickerill - Expedia, Inc.: Yes, I think the majority of it is Easter. I do think there's a possible element that's associated with trivago's changes. But those would be the two primary factors.
Naved Khan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Okay. And then just quickly, following up on this trivago change, are you able to redeploy those dollars into the channels or how does it work when you look at the spending?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Well, essentially we're always optimizing our marketing spend within channels and across channels. I'd say that within each channel, we've essentially got efficiency and growth targets, and so whether or not actually a change in trivago results in a change in another channel, I couldn't be too specific with you on that.
Naved Khan - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc.: Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions. I will turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Great. Well, I'd just like to reiterate I'm thrilled to be at the helm of this great company. I want to thank all of our amazing Expedians for yet another quarter of great work. And boy, we're really excited about the next chapter and we look forward to delivering it with all of you. Thanks to all of our investors, and we look forward to talking to you at conferences across the quarter and of course on our next Q4 call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude today's conference call. We thank you for your participation, and you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-27 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Alan Pickerill - Expedia, Inc. Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc. Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.
Analysts: Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Paul Bieber - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC Ross Sandler - Barclays Capital, Inc. Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co. Jed Kelly - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC Douglas T. Anmuth - JPMorgan Securities LLC Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Shweta Khajuria - JMP Securities LLC Justin T. Patterson - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Mark A. May - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co. LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Expedia's Q2 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Alan Pickerill, Senior Vice President, Treasurer and Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia, Inc.: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to Expedia, Inc.'s financial results conference call for the second quarter ended June 30, 2017. Pleased to be joined on the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, Expedia's CEO and President; and Mark Okerstrom, our CFO and EVP of Operations. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, July 27, 2017 only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate or similar statements. Please refer to today's press release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You'll find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the company's IR website at ir.expediainc.com. I encourage you to periodically visit our Investor Relations site for important content, including today's earnings release. I'd like to remind you that beginning in Q1 2017, we include HomeAway on-platform gross bookings and property nights in our operational metrics. And such balances have been added to prior year's gross bookings and room nights for clean comparison. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense, and technology and content expense, also exclude stock-based compensation and depreciation expense, and all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2016. With that, let me turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Thanks, Alan. We're pleased with our second quarter results, which when combined with Q1, stack up to the healthy first half of the year. For Q2, gross bookings grew 12%, revenue grew 18% and adjusted EBITDA grew 19% year-on-year. In total, stayed room nights were up 21% in the second quarter, evidence of a healthy macro environment and solid execution as we work to grow our business around the world. In our Core OTA segment, we continue to see good momentum, evidenced by faster room night growth in every major region. Our global brands continued to grow room nights at a very healthy pace as they made aggressive marketing investments across channels. Execution in variable marketing channels continue to improve, a trend which we also see early in Q3 and which we expect will continue in the back half of the year. Success here will improve new customer acquisition trends, but hurt profit margins as we lean into these channels. On the regional brands side, we're happy to continue to balance healthy adjusted EBITDA margins with a more modest topline growth. The HomeAway transition continues according to plan, with gross bookings up 45% and revenue up 31% year-on-year. We're systematically improving the online booking experience as well as supply-side tools and taking deliberate steps to move more of our bookings on platform. For example, we recently introduced the new closed system for owner and traveler communications and also require that all new and renewing subscription properties be online bookable. These changes represent industry best practices and serve to improve the overall experience and protection of our travelers, homeowners and property managers. We continue to put the vast majority of HomeAway's revenue growth right back into the business with significant investments in product and technology and marketing. In particular, we're making good progress implementing world-class performance marketing capabilities with the right people, process, and technology. Lastly, we're pleased to end the quarter with nearly 1.5 million online bookable listings and over 60,000 HomeAway properties available for booking on 11 Brand Expedia points of sale. Expect the number of integrated properties to continue to grow as we move through the year. We remain confident in a stellar HomeAway team and happy with the business transition as we pursue this enormous long-term opportunity. We're also happy to say that Egencia is now the fourth largest travel management company in the world based on revenue. Gross bookings grew 5%. Revenue grew 8% with the topline negatively impacted by Easter timing as well as the churn of certain Orbitz for Business customers during last year's migration, an impact that should continue to ease as we move through the back half of the year. New customer signings in Q2 were on track and the global sales pipeline looks good. As we mentioned last quarter, Egencia started to ramp up hiring of additional salespeople as we step on the gas to take advantage of a large global opportunity ahead. trivago continued its blistering pace of revenue growth with stand-alone revenue up 64% year-on-year. Adjusted EBITDA was nominal in Q2 as the team continued to invest in selling and marketing around the world to continue to grow their audience and brand. As announced separately by trivago today, we continue to expect revenue growth of around 50% for the full year with slightly improving adjusted EBITDA margins. I'd like to officially welcome the SilverRail team to the Expedia family and spend a minute talking about rail and how it fits into our portfolio. Rail tickets are a high frequency product with growing importance in Europe and Asia and represent another key component of our multiproduct and corporate travel strategy. The Brand Expedia team continues to build out the world's most complete selection of online travel products, giving consumers unparalleled convenience and savings opportunities to the shopping and booking of multiple components of a trip. SilverRail has a great opportunity ahead as a standalone enterprise and has done a terrific job building rail technology and beginning to assemble ticket content. The combination of the SilverRail offering with the rail product rolling out on Brand Expedia as well as Egencia will be quite powerful. This will be a multiyear project, but we're happy to have jumped into great position that we can build on in the coming years. Finally, you'll notice that we announced the $350 million minority investment in Traveloka and deepened our global hotel supply relationship with them. Traveloka is the clear online leader in Indonesia and is expanding aggressively throughout Southeast Asia. We're incredibly excited to continue to expand our presence in Asia and to learn from Ferry and the talented Traveloka team and to unlock a more diverse offering of travel choices for Traveloka and Expedia travelers around the globe. In closing, we're pleased with our results for the first half of the year, and I'd like to thank our employees around the world for all of their contributions to get us here. It's gratifying to be back into our operational rhythm of continuous improvement and execution across the company. The good news is that we believe we can get better, faster, more efficient and more effective in many, many areas. We've got plenty of work ahead of us, but we're up for the challenge. Mark?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Thanks, Dara. Q2 was a solid quarter and demonstrated continued strength in the business. Total lodging revenue, including both hotel revenue and all of the HomeAway revenue, grew 16% for the second quarter, driven by stayed room night growth of 21%. Room night growth was 19% for the hotel business and 42% for HomeAway. In the hotel business, we saw a 4% reduction in revenue per room night versus flat ADRs for a gap of about 400 basis points, which was in line with our expectations. We are pleased with execution across our lodging business, which translated into strong results, but of course, we did also benefit from the shift of Easter into Q2 this year and easing unit growth comps. HomeAway gross bookings grew 45% while revenue grew 31% to $224 million. Stayed property night growth was a robust 42%. Transactional revenue grew approximately 130% year-over-year, decelerating somewhat from Q1 as we began lapping over last year's launch of the traveler service piece. As expected, subscription revenue was down around 35% year-over-year, as we continue to see the impact of having eliminated the tiered subscription model in July of last year. We also saw an increasing number of subscription listings moving to lower online bookable pricing and also, the transition of properties from subscription to the paper booking model. We expect these general trends to continue in the back half of the year, with HomeAway's revenue growth peaking in Q3. Adjusted EBITDA for HomeAway in Q2 grew slightly and was largely in line with our expectations. Advertising and media revenue of $302 million was up 49% year-over-year. On a standalone basis, trivago revenue grew 64% year-over-year on strong volumes and solid monetization as consumers continue to flock to the platform and as advertisers continue to find trivago a compelling place to acquire highly qualified traffic. For another quarter, the shape of our P&L was in line with our target as we continued to contain our fixed cost while investing aggressively in global selling and marketing. Cost of revenue grew just 6% year-over-year in Q2, leveraging nicely. Note that we are forecasting somewhat higher growth in overall cost of revenue in the back half of the year, due in part to increased cloud spend, but also the lapping of certain efficiencies we gained through the transition of Orbitz to Expedia platforms in the first half of last year. Total selling and marketing expenses grew 27% year-over-year driven by direct expenses, up 30%. We continue to push for global growth, led by aggressive marketing investments in trivago, Brand Expedia, Hotels.com, and HomeAway. As we look forward, we plan to push further on the performance-based channels and to amplify our hotel acquisition efforts by further ramping up our hotel market management sales force, both of which represent a headwind to near-term profitability. We continue to expect total selling and marketing cost to grow faster than revenue for the rest of the year. Technology and content grew 9% year-over-year in Q2. Inclusive of cloud costs, we expect to see slight leverage in this line item for the full year. The growth in the back half of the year, however, is expected to be ahead of revenue growth due in part to cleaner comps on the Orbitz integration, heavier cloud spend and the hiring of additional technology talent. Our cloud migration project continues to go quite well and in line with our expectations. Total cloud spending for the quarter was $21 million, up from $9 million, same period last year, with a roughly 60%-40% split between cost of revenue and technology and content. Cloud spending is expected to ramp significantly in the back half of the year. G&A expenses grew 3% in Q2, leveraging nicely with increased professional fees and other costs largely offset by lapping over the Orbitz and HomeAway integration cost last year. We expect to see good leverage in G&A for the full year. From a capital deployment standpoint, in addition to the SilverRail and Traveloka investments, we've repurchased nearly 1 million shares so far in 2017 for a total of $134 million. Our long-standing approach to capital deployment has not changed, and we continue to balance share repurchases, our quarterly dividend and opportunistic M&A. We are pleased to have again increased our dividend to $0.30 per share to be paid in the third quarter. Turning to our financial expectations for full year 2017, on a consolidated basis, including the ramp-up in cloud spending, we continue to expect adjusted EBITDA growth in the range of 10% to 15%. Excluding cloud expenses, growth would be 14% to 19%. With that, let's turn to questions.
Operator: 
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Operator, we are ready for questions.
Operator: Okay. I'm sorry, you can't hear me?
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Hello, Operator?
Operator: I'm sorry. I don't know why you can't hear me. This is the operator. Can you hear me?
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Standby, everybody.
Operator: Kevin, they can't hear me. This is the operator. This is the operator. Are you able to hear me? I am sorry.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Operator, we cannot hear you.
Operator: Okay, I am sorry.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You are on the speaker line.
Operator: I have never had this happen, I'm sorry. Can you hear me now? What was going on?
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Hello, we can hear you now.
Operator: Oh, okay. You can hear me now?
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Yeah, we can.
Operator: Okay, sorry about that.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Okay, great, let's get back to regularly scheduled program.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: We're ready for questions.
Operator: I guess everyone can hear me with the speakers.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Yeah, yeah.
Operator: Okay. And let's go ahead with our first question from Justin Post with Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. A couple of questions. First on the business, how is HomeAway conversion performing as you've added more properties and made more properties online bookable? What are you seeing with conversion rates and are you still expecting some pretty good leverage next year? And then on the second question, on the EBITDA guidance, looks like you're keeping a 10% to 15%, but obviously, EBITDA is growing much faster in the first half, which is somewhat unusual. As you accelerate marketing spend, would you expect to see that in any operational metrics, like room nights or bookings or how would we see that flow into the model? Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Thanks, Justin. As far as conversion for HomeAway goes, the conversion rates are very healthy and increasing on a year-on-year basis. There are a number of factors that are benefiting conversion, clearly adding to the breadth and depth of supply and getting more of that supply to the instant bookable is a positive factor on conversion. So that's affecting conversion. Second positive factor for us is sort. And we have some terrific data scientists down at HomeAway who now have more freedom as far as their sort experimentation goes and are now sorting properties who have a higher online booking success rate, for example, whose response to consumers as far as the request-response model, is higher, whose experience reviews are higher, etcetera. So the sort team has many more degrees of freedom to sort the stuff that is able to convert online as well. Third factor is just testing and learning on the site. We are very, very early on the development of the site of the optimization of the consumer experience. We have some terrific UI and product folks. And I think the ideas, while flowing, are just starting to show up on the site. We've consolidated the back end of many of the sites out there of the various brands so that when we drive improvements and experience, they can be propagated through all of our sites on a global basis very, very quickly. And then I think the recent moves to move communications to our internal secure channels, for example, is also going to be a conversion tailwind. So, we see conversion going up and we see that continuing and frankly, we need it to continue. We expect it to continue in order for us to hit our plans, but so far so good.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: And then Justin on guidance, yeah, in fact, we're keeping our guidance where it is and just a couple of things to remind you of. If you look at last year, about two-thirds of our dollar adjusted EBITDA was produced in Q3 and Q4, so there is a lot of the year left to come. And this year particularly, we just have tougher comps as we move through the back half of the year on expenses and that's because right now we are benefiting from lapping over kind of the first half of last year where we were heavied up in association with the integration and as you recall we started to realize the expense synergies through the back part of the year. Quite frankly, we also want to keep the flexibility to make investments. We don't lock and load on our plans at the beginning of the year and stop there. We're making decisions every quarter and when we see the types of returns and progress that we have been seeing with investments and market managers, salesforce, for example, to add hotel properties, that's the type of thing that we want to have the flexibility to do more of in the back part of the year. That's the plan. And we may have it up from there. Selling and marketing is another place where we like to invest in. We have been pretty aggressive in variable marketing channels through the first part of this year. We expect that to continue. Whether we do something incremental in approach to what we've been doing, I wouldn't necessarily say that we haven't made those decisions. So, I would actually expect that in terms of where this shows up in the P&L, although there could be some opportunity in performance marketing for room night growth, really the bulk of the investments are things that are more kind of longer term in nature and things that are unlikely to produce real results within a quarter. It's more likely to be sort of more long-term in nature.
Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you for taking my question.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Welcome.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Bieber with Credit Suisse.
Paul Bieber - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. I was hoping you can elaborate on your comments on improved variable marketing execution in the second quarter. And I think you said that you expect that to continue in the back half. And then just following up on Justin's question, how are the conversion rates of HomeAway properties on other Expedia properties trending? I think last quarter, there were 20,000 rooms on Expedia and Hotels.com and now there is 60,000 rooms. What should we read into about the conversion rates given that trend?
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Sure. As far as the variable marketing channels, the business itself is pretty basic in that we are getting back into the testing and learning. And I'd say conversion rates are healthy on our various sites. Obviously, they're hurt as more traffic goes mobile. But in general, we're happy with the testing and learning on the sites. Higher conversion means the ability to extend your marketing, especially on the marketing channels. And I would say that we're improving our capability in terms of data science and in terms of just integrating our marketing technologies into our mainline data and site technologies, which is allowing us to reach a greater breadth of variable channels than we have heretofore. The trivago channel, the meta channels in general, are very healthy for us. And search continues to be healthy. So as long as they're healthy, we plan to lean into them because these are spend that certainly come through on a lifetime basis and it's a set of new customers who's going to repeat with us and it's something that makes sense. As far as conversion of HomeAway properties on mainline Expedia, it's very early, right? So, I think you will see the number of HomeAway properties ramp up on the Expedia sites. We've seen some promising early signs, especially as we've gone from kind of the 20,000 to the 60,000. There's still a bunch of testing that we have to do around sort order, around trying to detect signal from the customer as to when is that a particular customer will be more likely to be searching for vacation rentals, et cetera. So lots of testing and learning to do. Good early signs, but off of a very small base and we hope to build that base as the year moves on.
Paul Bieber - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Thanks. I kind of want to ask the exact same question that Paul just asked, but maybe slightly differently.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You know what, Mark, I'm going to let Mark answer the question. Since you're going to ask the same question, I'll let Mark answer it.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: I might do that, but just slightly differently.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Yeah, there you go. Go ahead, Mark.
Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's great. Okay, then, I'm very intrigued by the bringing over of the HomeAway inventory on to the Expedia site. And so instead of asking what the impact is on HomeAway conversion, I want to ask is what the impact could be on Expedia and Hotels.com core conversion. I would think that this is a big win for you, but I don't know where along the way you have to make the tweaks, the testing and the learning. Is it trying to figure out how the traffic is coming in off of search or other pay channels, or is it that when you're on the site, how you match them up like you could just go through a little bit of a sausage on that like I think it's a great opportunity. But if you could go through it and then just a quick one, any comments on social media particularly Facebook as a marketing channel, all the other channel sound healthy, but you didn't mention that. I think it's always been small for you, is there any reason why it wouldn't be anything more than small for you in the future?
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Sure. So on conversion on Brand Expedia, first of all, the HomeAway inventory is only right now on Brand Expedia, and very recently on 11 points of sale. We recently expanded it. We generally agree with you that this is a big opportunity for us. As a general rule, what we find is that when you expand assortment and inventory for specific destination, you just have more likelihood of having something that a customer wants. And that's generally evidenced in conversion. The trick with this type of inventory, though, is that it's different. So when you have travelers that are shopping on a site, you don't know right out of the gate whether they're looking for a four-bedroom home our whether they're looking for a single bed. So now you just have to start to understand the traffic you're bringing in, whether it comes with some sort of purchase intent, how do you match them up with a landing page that may be tailored to that intent to be vacation rentals, you have to start thinking about your sort filters. You have to start thinking about sort order, and there's a lot of different testing you have to do to try to again match the purchase intent with what you show them. It's a science, but there's also some art to it. The great news is, is that we've got a team at Brand Expedia and across our leisure brands. So, this is what they do for a living and this is the machinery. So, we're confident that we're going to get there, but it will take some time.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: And the great news there is also, you've got the HomeAway team, which is continually optimizing their sites and what works, what kind of content users are looking for. So the HomeAway team are kind of our leading commandos and our Expedia team can learn from the commandos and build a very effective product. So, we're pretty optimistic here. Right now, HomeAway on Expedia is in the very, very early innings and we expect more.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Take the Facebook one?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Yes. As far as Facebook, spending is continuing to grow off of what is compared to a whole spend, a relatively small base. But the Facebook spending growth is quite healthy. We are testing and learning and working kind of on a engineer-to-engineer basis with the Facebook team, and they continue to improve their product. I think we are looking at the incrementality of a bunch of the retargeting product that they've got. And also looking really aggressively to find intent signal, travel intent and destination intent signal in their huge, huge audience. So we are optimistic the channel keeps growing, and we just want to keep it going. Every day, every week, the focus here isn't on how big the price is, it's just getting on better. It's just our teams are getting better and better and better on the execution front.
Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, thanks Dara. Thanks, Mark.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Sheridan with UBS.
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the questions. Maybe two. Good result on the room night growth. Obviously, big improvement from what we saw in Q1. Any sense you can give us on the conversion between booked versus stayed room night and how that might arc through the year so investors can sort of better understand what the pace of room night growth might be as we move through the year? And then second question, going back to the loyalty and reward layer inside some of your key properties, anything you could share there about how increased loyalty rewards or duration of being in those programs might change customer lifetime value and how that might be changing over time? Thanks so much, guys.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Sure, Eric. So the best way to look at the booked versus stayed gap is if you take a look at the year-to-date stayed room night growth number, it's around 17% for essentially the hotel business, excluding HomeAway. And that compares with last quarter, we disclosed the booked room night growth of 18%. And I'll tell you this quarter was broadly similar. In terms of looking out through the rest of the year, I would just remind you that we pulled back pretty sharply in variable marketing channels in Q2 and in Q3 of last year and then went back in pretty significantly starting in the fourth quarter. So you will start to see some harder comps for us moving into the fourth quarter that will shape up the overall full year number. In terms of loyalty and rewards, first of all, we are a big believer in the loyalty program, particularly the Hotels.com rewards program at  where you see 10 nights and you get 1 free. We find that on a pre and post basis, when you look at cohorts, customers that sign up for the loyalty program are just more likely to give a bigger share of your wallet, more likely to come back to you via your app or direct channels. And all in, it ends up being a good thing. And then generally the longer people are with the program, the more used they get to it and the more active they become as well. So, generally, it's a net positive. Of course, you've got to be very careful and make sure that you manage the program closely and make sure that you're awarding points appropriately and not essentially rewarding members who aren't loyal to you, for example. But that's something that the Hotels.com team is very good at and continues to get better at over the many years they've been at it.
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Next question please. Yeah, you are welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Sandler with Barclays.
Ross Sandler - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, guys. Question on another follow-up in the room night. I think you said last quarter that the global brands room night was 17%. I don't recall  I can't remember if that was booked or stayed. What was that this quarter? And, I guess, normalizing that for booked versus stay, what does that trend looks like? And then, I guess, just looking forward, what's the overall strategy in terms of managing some of the non-global brands, the legacy brands, and are those businesses continuing to kind of grow? Are they flattening out? Like any color there will be helpful. Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Sure, Ross. I think Dara and I'll tag team on this one, but let me run through some of the numbers first. So, I would say generally the global brands numbers is not something that we're going to disclose always on an ongoing basis. We'll do it when it's helpful to tell the story and otherwise, we'll kind of just do it periodically. I will just give you a little bit more color, though, on just the composition of our room nights because it is a question we get very frequently. Somewhere between 85% and 90%, depending on the quarter, of our room nights are delivered by our global brands, which are Brand Expedia, Hotels.com, EAN, which is our private label business, and Egencia. This quarter, I would think about growth on a stayed basis of kind of in the 20s. And Easter was about a 200 basis points helper for us this quarter across the whole portfolio and I would think the impact on the global brands will be broadly the same. We then go to what we call our regional brands and this is the consumer-facing piece of our recent acquisitions being Wotif, Travelocity, Orbitz, CheapTickets, ebookers, for example, excluding the Orbitz Partner Network business. Think about that is in the kind of high-single digit range of our overall room nights. That business has been flat to slightly up. And then the remainder is largely made up of Hotwire and the legacy Orbitz Partner Network business that we've now integrated with the Brand Expedia business. And as you recall, when we migrated that business over, there was a large number of partners that we just didn't keep with us and these were partners who want a particular customizations, we weren't ready to do, or partners who were empty calories, essentially profitless or loss making room nights. And so that part of the business has been down pretty significantly. Dara, do you want to cover kind of how we're managing this?
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Yes, just as far as of the strategy for the non-global brands, in general, these brands are on the Brand Expedia platform and to the extent that our platform improves, especially on the conversion side more than the competitive set, the aggregate competitive set, you're going to have conversion as a tailwind and these brands will get to kind of ride on the conversion tailwind. So our expectation is that over a long period of time, these brands are going to grow. How fast will they grow? As fast as the online travel markets or with the travel market is to be proven. The teams are really starting to get an operational rhythm. There's a group of folks who are coming together kind of under one roof that are working on these brands. And while we won't be as aggressive, especially in the variable channels as we are with some of the global brands, we will look for a higher ROI on the next dollar of marketing spend. These brands do spend significant marketing dollars. We are looking to kind of get there, establish their own personality as far as what the brand means and what it communicates and how they serve their core customer and each of them have their own core customer. And I think that playbook is really just starting to come together. So we're optimistic about the global brands, and we expect high profit margins. We're not going to see the kind of growth that we see in the global brands, but we do expect growth going forward. But, we have to prove that out to you and it's certainly our intention to.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Yeah, the only slight thing I'd add there is just to remember the regional focus of these brands, too. That even with excellent execution, they are in regions which are generally much more mature than the overall market and don't have exposure to some of the faster growing markets that the global brands do, and this is namely the U.S. and Australia and New Zealand in the case of Wotif.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray.
Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hey, good afternoon. I just have one question. So Traveloka sounds like it provides you with newer opportunities to expand itself in Asia. Are there other markets where you could bolster your existing offering through acquisitions or potentially through organic effort? I think in other words, where else do you think you're maybe under-indexed, you could invest more, if any?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Yeah, great question. I think, first of all, we are incredibly excited to have Traveloka as an even closer partner. They've really performed exceptionally well and in a relatively short period of time have established themselves as a real leader in Indonesia, expanding throughout Southeast Asia. So very impressed with them and very impressed with the management team. We're hopeful that we can use some of our global expertise to help them, and we expect to learn a lot from them as well. In terms of opportunities in other markets, I would say that we are under-indexed in almost every single market in the world aside from the United States and Canada. So, we see this as being a huge amount of opportunity. And I think, again, on a business that is, call it, $80 billion of bookings and a market of $1.3 trillion, we've got a ton of runway ahead of us. And I think the opportunities ahead of us are, I'd say largely organic in nature. We've got some pretty amazing global growth brands. We've got the capability to add new hotels at an increasingly fast clip. We've got the technological capability to add new airlines. We've got the marketing capabilities that Dara spoke about how we're getting better and better there. So I think we've got incredible organic runway ahead of us. But as is the case with Traveloka, as is the case with our investment in Despegar, part of this is not only an operational story, but also a capital deployment story and we're going to continue to look for ways to deploy capital in smart ways, either through full acquisitions, as we have certainly done in the past, but also through smart investment in leading players where we think we can potentially help them and where they can potentially help us.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Just the other factor to add here is that we believe that our Expedia Affiliate Network business, this is our private label business that wires up our global inventory to really a global base of affiliate partners out there. This is a team that because of our inventory is able to detect a lot of little local players who are growing up because as these local players grow up, often they start booking big amounts of travel into the US and into Europe. So having the affiliate team out there allows us to detect kind of who the early local players are. The EAN business team gets to work with these local folks, and they're like, wow, these Traveloka folks are really smart and they're growing really, really fast, which then, of course, alerts kind of our strategy, themes, et cetera. So we have a bit of an early warning system, not only in terms of our supply folks who are on the ground, but also in terms of our private label folks who are growing very, very fast and continue to expand the relationship with many, many brands out there around the globe.
Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You are welcome. Next question.
Operator: Our Next question is from Jed Kelly with Oppenheimer.
Jed Kelly - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks for taking my question. HomeAway's international booking still appear to be less than 30% of the overall site bookings. Can you discuss some of the different competitive dynamics with HomeAway internationally versus domestically and what procedures can be implemented to accelerate HomeAway's online bookings internationally?
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Yeah, it's a great question. In general, what I'd tell you is that, obviously, with BRBO and the HomeAway brand, those two brands are very, very strong domestically and are not as strong internationally. And one of our very significant growth opportunities over the next five years with HomeAway is to extend internationally. As it relates to the order of operations, our focus has been mostly domestic this year. And you can expect our focus to turn from domestic to growing the international markets. We think there's a lot of potential, but there's also a lot of work ahead of us. So this year is about domestic and next year is about global for the HomeAway team.
Jed Kelly - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You are welcome. Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies .
Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC: Thanks, guys. Maybe on your cloud spend. Mark, you talked about it ramping in the back half of the year. If you had to say what inning you are in terms of the cloud spend and the immigration process, could you give us that? And then are you finding the processes accelerating as you progress? Last question around kind of the cloud stuff is, you mentioned that's 60/40 split, the spend. Does that mix stay consistent as you go through the back half of the year? Thanks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Yes, so it is ramping up in the second half. If I was going to give it a baseball analogy, I don't know, second or third inning, I'd say. It's going to be a relatively modern game, though. So we might go the extra innings, we'll see. I'd say that it's not necessarily accelerating. I would say that team is getting better and better and better at not only migrating code into the cloud, but once they get there, optimizing it. And so it's sort of a immigration and optimization progress. We want to get there quickly, but we want to get there smartly. And so the teams going as fast as they can within reason, making sure that again they do it in the most intelligent way. In terms of the mix, I'd say on a full year basis, the mix is more like 50/50. So you'll see probably a shift of more of it into R&D through the back part of the year.
Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: You are welcome. Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Anmuth with JPMorgan.
Douglas T. Anmuth - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to ask you guys about the strategy and building out supply. Dara, I think you talked about or maybe it was Mark, about just pushing harder with hotel salespeople in the back part of the year. If you could talk more about that? And how do you try to balance supply growth with your ability to drive consumer demand? And then also, how are you kind of thinking about weighting hotel property growth and then HomeAway on Brand Expedia? Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Sure. Sure, absolutely. As far as the  I'll answer the last question first, weighting HomeAway and Expedia growth. Both of those teams are moving hard on supply, hotel supply and alternative lodging supply, as quickly as they can. So it's not 'or' it's an 'and.' And the teams are moving fast and running. And we absolutely intend to add significant supply, both in alternative lodging and in hotels on a global basis really for the foreseeable future. As far as our supply strategy and build-out, we have consistently seen that as we sign up hotels and we bring them onto the system, we are able to deliver demand to those hotels. And we're very carefully watching the balance of new hotel signings, how quickly we bring them onboard, how quickly we get the first booking, and our kind of penetration or demand into each individual hotel in a particular market, so that if you have a market where you are theoretically acquiring too many hotels, you would slow down because your demand is thinning out. Now in reality, we're not seeing that very often. Most of the time, if not the vast majority of the time, as we add hotels, the system is able to create demand. Every hotel is another auction that we can enter in some of the variable channels. As we add more hotels on a destination basis, usually destination conversion increases. So this machine is working. And as we see it work, we get more confident in our ability to execute against it. And as we get more confident in our ability to execute against it, usually we put more capital behind it. So that is certainly going to be a part of our strategy. How fast we go, depends on how fast we can great demand, and how much throughput the teams have. But so far, they've given us reason to be confident in their ability to execute.
Douglas T. Anmuth - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you, Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You bet. Next question.
Operator: From Peter Stabler and Wells Fargo Securities.
Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks very much. One or two on HomeAway. Dara, going back to the international expansion comment, I mean, HomeAway today has a dozen brands. We know that some of them are really small, but it seems to be regionalized. So when you think about expanding HomeAway internationally, what is it, a build or a buy strategy? Did the HomeAway brand become more front and center, or do you look for a continuation of the strategy that it is today where you have an opportunity to pick up stronger, localized brands? And then second quick question, wondering if you can comment on just kind of overall trends in terms of direct traffic. I know you're not going to give absolute numbers, but trends on direct traffic. And is the shift to mobile a drag on direct traffic visits? Thanks so much.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Sure. As far as HomeAway international expansion, HomeAway historically have grown significantly through acquisition. And while we do have regional brands, the vast majority of those regional brands are now on the mainline HomeAway platform, and as a result, getting the benefit of all the technology investments that we're making to improve the consumer experience and the supplier experience on the platform itself. While Mark and I are ones never to say no to acquisition, we do believe that the majority of our growth on a go-forward basis, as it relates to HomeAway, is going to be on an organic basis. We just think the service can get so much better. We are already investing in non-U.S. growth in Asia, et cetera, but we just think we can step on the gas over the next couple of years. When going back to Mark's comment about our under-indexing outside the U.S., that is even more true of HomeAway. And we just think that the opportunity in Europe, in Asia, and Latin America is enormous, and we certainly plan to get to it. But we do believe it will be more organic than through acquisition. As far as mobile goes, listen, the trends in direct traffic, I would say, are similar to the trends that you see on desktop, in that mobile web is a very, very fast-growing channel for us as far as new customers go, especially internationally. A lot of those new customers come through paid channels. And then our teams are continually optimizing, moving those customers from mobile web into our various apps. And that's just a continuous optimization and process that goes on. Frankly, I think we can do better there and I think the teams are certainly planning to do better there. Our app direct channel is very healthy. It's one of our fastest-growing channels. So I think that mobile web, it's kind of the same game plan that you see on desktop, which is capturing new customers through variable channels, give them a great experience, and then get them to come direct the second, third, fourth, fifth time. No difference so far.
Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks, Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question.
Operator: Lloyd Walmsley with Deutsche Bank.
Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks for taking the question. First one, as room night trajectory seems really solid and it seems like you've got plenty of runway in terms of adding new supply across hotel, across vacation rental, wondering how we should be thinking really about the medium-term room night growth profile. Do you think it can kind of sustainably get back to 20% plus type of growth rates over the next couple years? And then second one, if I can, looking at margins, Core OTA margins did expand nicely in the quarter. So as we kind of look to '18, you're expecting to scale revenue and profitability at HomeAway. We kind of have the target P&L from last year's Analyst Day, but what types of things, like cloud investment or other investments or abnormality should we keep in mind as we start to think about the business beyond the next few quarters looking out to 2018, anything you'd call out?
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Yes, as far as the room night trajectory, we're not going to characterize a room night trajectory going forward. We'll do our best. We're happy with how the year has progressed, and we hope it gets better. But that's about all we'll say about room night trajectory at this point on a go-forward basis. Mark, do you want to talk about margins?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Yeah. So on margins, I think just as a reminder, in the first half of this year, again, we benefit from comps on the margin front. Last year in the first half we were carrying some extra cost essentially. So on a year-on-year basis, they look particularly good. I would just say also that as we've said before, we are absolutely not managing this business to adjusted EBITDA margin. We're managing for adjusted EBITDA, EPS, and free cash flow growth. And in many cases, because of the formula we operate on, when we do good things and drive better conversion, it drives higher performance in performance marketing channels, which can drive higher bottom line growth that might actually hurt margins. And we think that's a fine thing to do. I would also just keep in mind, if you're looking at the numbers, including the cloud spend, that's a headwind on margins for us this year. It'll likely be a headwind for us next year as well. And I would encourage you to look at things both ways. On a free cash flow basis, we think cloud is a great thing. And the longer we look at it, the more great it looks. CapEx actually was down year-over-year this quarter on infrastructure. And we're very pleased with what we see. And beyond that, I don't want to give too much guidance on 2018.
Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question is from Ron Josey with JMP Securities.
Shweta Khajuria - JMP Securities LLC: Hi. This is Shweta for Ron. Just a quick one on hotel negotiations. I believe there are a few upcoming or ongoing negotiations. Could you give us some update on that and how they're going, and how they've changed over the past few years? Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Yeah. I'm not going to characterize specific negotiations one way or the other, other than saying we've  obviously having the best hotel supply and the greatest breadth and depth of hotel supply is of real interest to us. At the same time, as we add more and more hotels and properties into our marketplace, the import of any single hotel or single brand grows less. So we feel pretty good about our position. And frankly, we feel good about our production for our partners. It continues to grow. We feel good about our share. We're becoming a more important part of our hotel partner's kind of portfolio and business on a global basis. And we will look to balance both margins and growth and supply, and we'll do so on a go-forward basis.
Shweta Khajuria - JMP Securities LLC: Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You are welcome. Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Patterson with Raymond James.
Justin T. Patterson - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much for taking the question. First, it seems like alternative accommodations are gaining more momentum this year and we're starting to see Google and metasearch businesses approach that opportunity. How are you thinking about customer acquisition in this environment? Are there any differences versus the hotel business? And then, secondly, looking more longer-term, it seems like there's going to be a lot lower cross-listing by property managers across HomeAway and some of the other alternative accommodation services. How are you thinking about adding on other services like attractions or restaurants or activities to really differentiate for more than just supply? Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Sure. As far as the customer acquisition of alternative accommodations, listen, I think the formula is no different than the hotel formula or frankly any other travel product formula that we've established. And we've got some experience here. We've got some data here. So I think it's just applying the same formula. In general, searches for alternative accommodations, the number of searches are lower, let's say, for vacation rentals than for hotel terms. So the kind of availability for customers out there to acquire through variable channels is somewhat less. Sometimes consumers don't really know about the category. I think consumers are becoming more aware of the category. But we think that even a consumer who, for example, is looking for a hotel in Orlando and has a family with them will be delighted at the kind of inventory that HomeAway has available, certainly on a price per head basis, have a living room, et cetera. So I think for us, as far as customer acquisition goes, the formula will remain the same. I think what we bring to the pie, which is different, is that we are also able to take customers who are looking for lodging or are looking for hotels and then introduce them to the alternative accommodation segment. And when we look at our Net Promoter Score for HomeAway users and people who experience alternative accommodations is superb. It is over 70. So it's our highest NPS-scoring product. And we will continually kind of test and learn ways of introducing this product to our consumers on a global basis because they are certainly delighted with it and certainly love it. For background, on a direct basis, we are investing very aggressively in sales and marketing at HomeAway. It's up 45% on a year-on-year basis. So we'll continue to be aggressive both on a direct basis and on an indirect basis. As far as long-term goes, adding on other services, attractions, restaurants, et cetera, one of our core strengths is that we are a multi-product. And attractions is a large and growing part of our portfolio. We are building a database of everything travel everywhere. And we are building an engine to be able to combine all of these different products to delight travelers we think, in a way and with capability that others are not. So I can't tell you exactly what the business is going to look like three, four, five years from now, but I do think that the customer interaction points are going to increase, our relevance with our customers is going to increase, and I think we have a competitive advantage there versus the other players in the field.
Justin T. Patterson - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got it. Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question.
Operator: Mark May from Citi.
Mark A. May - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks for taking my question. Appreciate it. In terms of the comments around HomeAway international expansion, maybe you don't want to make too much of a deal out of this. But was this factored in when you last kind of spoke to and provided the $350 million EBITDA target for next year? Is this kind of a change or a new thinking here? And then in terms of the comments about ramping the hotel acquisition team, wondering if you could talk a little bit more specifically about where you see the opportunities there? Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: So, as far as international expansion, listen, the life with the speed of change in this industry, the opportunities available to us have changed very significantly since we first put the $350 million target out there. International expansion was certainly a consideration. But as we look at the business on a holistic basis, a target is a target and the target remains on the table. Mark, do you want to talk about ramping hotel acquisition?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Yeah, I think I'll use a similar answer to what I did before in terms of where the opportunity is. I mean, we view the opportunity as really everywhere. We feel good about our supply coverage in the U.S. and Canada. We've got significant opportunity outside of that. You look at Europe specifically, we think we can add multiples of properties from what we've got there right now. As you move further away from Bellevue, Washington, the opportunities only get bigger; Asia, Latin America. So I think at the end of all of this, I think we want to ultimately wire up all of the hotels and alternative accommodations that exist in the world. And there's a long road ahead of us to get there. But really, virtually, every region has opportunity for us, and we'll get there in a metered way, in a way that delivers the best returns for our shareholders.
Mark A. May - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question.
Operator: From Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley.
Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking my questions. I have two. The first one, you've been very good at ironing out inefficiencies in the system from cloud and other areas the last year or so. I was wondering, could you just talk to other areas you still see for a potential efficiency improvement in the way you operate just to give you further potential leverage or the ability to invest harder. And then the second one on HomeAway, can you just talk to kind of where you are in the evolution of pushing out HomeAway paid search or potentially more advertising investment further? Thanks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Sure. So on efficiencies, we see them across the business. We're very focused on delivering on a financial profile that allows us to essentially contain fixed cost, get good leverage on cost, and basically flow the capital on the P&L to expansion-type investments, whether it's technology, headcounts, sales and marketing headcounts, or to sign up more hotels, or direct sales and marketing. So that's essentially the formula. We continue to see a huge amount of opportunity in our call centers and they have done just an exceptional job over the year of just getting more and more and more efficient, both in terms of handling calls but then also rooting out the ways that or the reasons why people call and trying to solve those problems online. We've become exceptionally good at squeezing out fraud of all types out of the system. And I think we've become best-in-class in that standpoint. We continue to work very hard in our back-office operations. And the way that we collect money and the way that we disburse money, we are collecting and disbursing through the merchant model over $50 billion on an annualized basis. And there's a lot of just automation that we're building into the system that we're going to continue to do, and we'll continue to allow that to scale. I think also just in terms of the other parts of our operation, I think we're getting better and better at automation in general, both in terms of online marketing, some of the decisioning we do around where sales forces spend their time is ultimately done by in many cases algorithms using the latest machine learning capabilities. And I think it's a long road ahead of us and we see lots of opportunities across the business. Do you want to talk about Away paid search?
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Yeah, definitely. I would say on Away, listen, we are building up our talent in paid search. Conversion for us is on HomeAway clearly a tailwind for acquisition marketing as it relates to HomeAway. That said, we're in the early innings. I would say that that team has really started to operate in a real way for a couple of quarters. And I think we see a very, very significant upside in paid search even though paid search volumes are increasing on a year-on-year basis. So it is early, and we expect much more potential from that team. I think just to add a little bit to what Mark said as far as efficiencies go. One of the interesting, I would say, new occurrences that we're seeing at the company is that the way that we structure the company as far as the technology platforms are essentially separate. Every brand has its own platform, every brand or backend group has its own CTO. But as we are building out our services based on newer architecture, some of these services become available to other brands to use. So we're actually seeing a lot more activity across brands. So, for example, some of the HomeAway team is using some search technology that's been developed on the Expedia side. And now we're seeing kind of tech teams sharing and consuming micro-services that have actually been built out across the company in other parts of the company, and rather than having to build out these services on kind of within each brand, the brands are sharing. And I think that will, long-term, add to even more, call it, efficiency or more throughput on the technology side, and we're starting to see it happen. We're not forcing it, but I think now the CTOs are kind of building closer relationships. They are happy to take advantage of the labor of the other tech teams.
Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question.
Operator: Kevin Kopelman with Cowen.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi, thanks a lot. Could you give us an update on the air business? It's still a big bookings driver. Just what are the kind of the key drivers you're seeing there? The tickets growth was a little bit slower. And what's the outlook in air business? Thanks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Yeah. So we continue to be happy with the progress on the air business. The air numbers this quarter were impacted by a number of factors that caused us a bit of a slowdown from prior period. Generally these are things that we're not concerned about at all. One of the big factors was Brand Expedia in Europe testing with pricing and various online marketing channels and looking for profit optimization opportunities, so kind of regular course things. But we continue to be big believers in the air business, particularly as it relates to Brand Expedia. It's a key differentiator for us. The teams are getting better and better and better at using the air business as a customer acquisition channel for hotel and for other products. We continue to expand the number of airlines, for example, that we're offering around the world. And we think it's a real key part of the formula. I think the other thing that's interesting that's happening in air is that as the airlines start to actually develop different fare types, as they start to develop different ancillaries, et cetera, it just gives more opportunity for leading tech players like ourselves to merchandise those and actually create win-win situations for both the airlines and ourselves. And we think that's just an absolutely great development. And I think back to the baseball analogy, I think we're in the early innings on that and we think it will be a long fruitful path for us to work really closely with our airline partners to innovate over a long period to come.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co. LLC: Thanks, Mark.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Any more questions, operator?
Operator: Looks like we have no further questions at this time.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia, Inc.: Okay.
Operator: So I'd like to turn the call back over to our speakers for closing remarks.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia, Inc.: Thanks so much, Dara, any closing remarks?
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Just thank you again to the ever-expanding employee base across the company and another welcome to the SilverRail team and also a welcome of sorts to the Traveloka team to the Expedia family. It's great to have you guys onboard. So thank you very much for joining the Q2 call. And Alan, anything to add?
Alan Pickerill - Expedia, Inc.: The replay will be up shortly. Thanks, everybody, we'll talk to you next quarter.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Thanks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Once again, that does conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-28 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Alan Pickerill - Expedia, Inc. Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc. Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.
Analysts: Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Jed Kelly - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. Deepak Mathivanan - Barclays Capital, Inc. Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC Akshay Bhatia - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. Paul Bieber - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co. Ronald V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co. LLC Jim Shaughnessy - RBC Capital Markets LLC Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co. Mark A. May - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Justin T. Patterson - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Perry Gold - MoffettNathanson LLC Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC Seth Gilbert - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good day and welcome to Expedia's Q1 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Alan Pickerill, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia, Inc.: Thank you. Good afternoon, everybody. Welcome to Expedia, Inc.'s financial results conference call for first quarter ended March 31, 2017. I am pleased to be joined on the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, Expedia's CEO and President; and Mark Okerstrom, our CFO and EVP of Operations. The following discussion including responses to your questions reflects management's views as of today, April 27, 2017 only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise the information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate or similar statements. Please refer to today's press release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You'll find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the company's IR website at ir.expediainc.com. I encourage you to periodically visit our Investor Relations site for important content, including today's earnings release. I would like to note that beginning here in Q1 2017, we are including HomeAway on-platform gross bookings and property nights in our operational metrics. We've disclosed the quarterly balances for 2016 via an 8-K filing for comparative purposes. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense, and technology and content expense, also exclude stock-based compensation and depreciation expense and all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2016. With that, let me turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Thanks, Alan. Expedia is off to a good start this year with first quarter gross bookings up 14%, revenue up 15% and adjusted EBITDA up 18% year-over-year. Stayed room nights grew 12%, negatively impacted by the Easter shift, while booked room nights grew 18% year-over-year. The Core OTA segment continue to gain momentum with the global brands delivering healthy room night growth through solid execution and product, technology, marketing and operations. We continue tuning our regional brand operating formula with an eye towards optimizing profitability and with some trade-offs against top-line growth. Note that the travel markets are quite dynamic, and it's been less than a year since we fully optimized Orbitz, integrated Orbitz into the fold. We're early here in our learnings. Our OTA lodging supply portfolio now stands at about 385,000 properties, up 36% year-over-year. The HomeAway transition continues to go well. We're investing in growing our team of top-tier product and technology talent, and we shifted to a true test and learn culture to drive significant improvements in the overall user, homeowner and property manager experience. We're still relatively early in developing our muscles in the variable marketing channels, but we're beginning to ramp them up in addition to making aggressive investments in offline and online brand marketing to bring more demand to our growing supply base. We now have nearly 1.4 million online bookable listings, representing over 2 million bookable units and an increasing percentage of instantly bookable properties. Egencia delivered impressive adjusted EBITDA of $27 million in Q1, up 76% year-over-year, helped in part by lapping over the Orbitz for Business integration last year. We believe the business has reached an operational and technological inflection point and can now begin to scale at a more aggressive pace around the world. We're ramping up Egencia's sales organization to accelerate organic bookings and revenue growth. While this will be a headwind to near-term margins, as we bring in salespeople and train them up to Egencia standards, we believe we can balance this investment through the natural P&L leverage in the business at its current and go-forward scale. Lastly, trivago continued its very strong pace of growth with standalone revenue growth of 62% and $21 million of adjusted EBITDA for the quarter. Growth was strong across all regions with the highest rate of growth in APAC along with solid growth in Europe and North America. The trivago team plans to continue to invest into growth, and we'll share more details on their earnings call in mid-May. We're happy to have begun the year from a position of strength. Our Core OTA and Egencia businesses are posting attractive top line growth rates, investing aggressively in selling and marketing while leveraging their fixed cost base. After that, the impressive growth of HomeAway and trivago and smart capital allocation, and you get an effective formula for long-term value creation. It's early in the year with plenty of competition in the field, but we like where we stand now. Mark?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Thanks, Dara. With both feet firmly back into business as usual mode, we're happy to have kicked off 2017 with a strong set of results. Total lodging revenue, including both hotel revenue and all of the HomeAway revenue, grew 12% for the first quarter, driven by stayed room night growth at the same rate. Normalized for Easter and last year's leap day, we estimate room night growth would have been approximately 300 basis points higher. Our global brands, Hotels.com, Brand Expedia, EAN and Egencia collectively delivered room night growth of 17%, a growth rate that would have been nicely higher if normalized for Easter. HomeAway revenue grew 30% to $185 million, driven by property night growth and increased revenue per property night. HomeAway property nights grew 39% year-over-year on a booked basis, while HomeAway stayed property night growth of 12% was particularly impacted by seasonality and the Easter shift. Property night revenue has improved as a result of our service fees, partially offset by decreased subscription revenue as we continue to lap over the elimination of tiered subscription sales in July of 2016 and as we transition more of our listings to the paper booking model and to our lower online bookable subscription rates. As expected, HomeAway's EBITDA was down year-over-year as a result of seasonal impacts to revenue coupled with aggressive investments in selling and marketing and technology and content. We currently expect HomeAway's 2017 revenue growth to peak in Q3, a quarter in which HomeAway will deliver the significant majority of its adjusted EBITDA dollar growth. Lastly, as a reminder, we will also start to see somewhat easier expense comps for HomeAway in the back half of the year as we begin to lap the ramp-up of certain selling and marketing and technology and content spend late last year. Advertising and media revenue of $257 million is up 47% year-over-year, a nice acceleration from the 36% growth we saw in Q4. On a standalone basis, trivago revenue grew 62% year-over-year and delivered $21 million in adjusted EBITDA for the quarter, a bit ahead of our expectations. The trivago formula is working, and the team plans to reinvest some of the upside to-date in selling and marketing to drive continued impressive qualified referral growth around the world. trivago continues to nicely outpace other scale customer acquisition channels in travel. Our adjusted expenses trended in the right direction, and we're in line with our target P&L, something we also expect to see for the full year. We're driving leverage on our fixed costs, which allows us to make aggressive investments in selling and marketing. Cost of revenue grew just 3% year-over-year in Q1, leveraging nicely on efficiency in our credit card and fraud costs and our global customer operations platform, partially offset by growth in our cloud spending. While we continue to expect to see leverage in cost of revenue, we are forecasting somewhat higher growth rates for the rest of the year. Direct selling and marketing expenses grew 25% as we continued to push for global growth, primarily led by aggressive spending at trivago and HomeAway, along with continued growth for Brand Expedia and Hotels.com. Indirect selling and marketing, which represents people costs, grew 7% year-over-year. We currently expect total selling and marketing cost to grow faster than revenue for the balance of the year. G&A expenses grew 6% in Q1, leveraging nicely, which we expect to see for the full year as well. Technology and content were just 2% year-over-year as we are lapping over the accelerated pace of hiring and the Orbitz integration-related head count we carried in the first half of 2016. As expected, continued growth of the HomeAway team led to faster technology content expense growth for that business. In total, though we expect technology and content expenses to grow faster next quarter and accelerate further in the back half, on a full year basis, we currently expect to be able to deliver slight leverage on this line item, fully inclusive of the planned cloud spend. On that note, I'm pleased to say that our cloud migration efforts are going well. Total cloud spending for the quarter was $16 million, up from $6 million last year with nearly 60% of that spend in cost of revenue and about 40% of it in technology and content. We remain comfortable with our estimate of total cloud costs of $110 million in 2017 and though difficult to predict with certainty, we expect the full year mix to be roughly even between cost of revenue and technology and content. From a capital deployment standpoint, we have repurchased nearly 450,000 shares so far in 2017 for a total of $54 million. Our longstanding approach to capital deployment has not changed, and we continue to balance share repurchases, our quarterly dividend and opportunistic M&A. Turning to our financial expectations for full year 2017, on a consolidated basis, including the ramp-up in cloud spending, we continue to expect adjusted EBITDA growth of 10% to 15%. Excluding cloud expenses, growth would be 14% to 19%. Separately, we have trimmed our CapEx forecast a bit and now expect CapEx excluding cost related to our headquarters project to be down year-over-year. For the full year, we are expecting depreciation expense to grow in the mid-20% range with the pace of growth decelerating from Q1 through the end of the year. With that, let's turn to questions.
Operator: We'll go first to Naved Khan with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Yes. Hi. Thank you very much. Just on  two quick questions. So first, on HomeAway, Dara, can you talk about the conversion rates on the instantly bookable properties, what kind of trend you have seen to date and what should we expect going forward, given that you are willing to spend so much on the variable channels? And then I have a follow-up.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Sure. In general, we are seeing overall conversion rates at HomeAway continue to increase on a year-on-year basis and continuing to increase at healthy rates. So when you look at the booking trends, which are strong and positive, it's a combination of traffic to HomeAway increasing on a year-on-year basis. It's double digits. We're being hurt by SEO but certainly being helped by other traffic sources, including the investment that we're making in the variable channels. And then the team is optimizing around booking conversion, and booking conversion is up at healthy rates on a year-on-year basis, although we feel that we have a long way to go. In general, the move towards what we're trying to make are two moves. One is from offline to online bookable, and we have over 85% of our properties now online bookable. And then we're also making the transition over from online bookable to instant bookable. That's still earlier and we think that the move to instant booking will continue to be a tailwind as it relates to overall conversion rates.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Okay. And then just sort of drilling a little bit into the  into your response, so what should we expect about your ability to tweak the best sort for the remain- as we look into the remainder of the year? So I guess, with the ungrandfathering of the subscriptions, you would probably have more flexibility to do that. What would be the cadence of your tweak to the thing?
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Yeah. I'd say the cadence is unpredictable. These are  we're putting in sort changes on a daily, weekly basis. You are right to conclude that as the paid tier subscription or the higher tier subscriptions roll off, we have greater room for optimization. And we think we're very, very early in the overall optimization. So the sort teams continue to roll out new algorithms and, in general, the algorithms are getting better and better. And this is really before we put machine learning into play as well. These are, call it, more static algorithms that are being optimized, and I think machine learning can take this to a different level. And we're really one year in here. So we got a long, long way to go.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: And Naved, as a reminder, that tiered subscriptions will completely become a non-issue starting in July of this year. So at that point, we've got complete freedom, but as Dara said, there's lots of tests already going on.
Operator: We'll go next to Peter Stabler with Wells Fargo Securities.
Peter C. Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks very much for the question. A couple, if I could. Last quarter, you talked about improving the homeowner dashboard control to help property owners better understand the algorithms. Wondering if any of those improvements have rolled out yet and if so, what the feedback has been. And then secondly, wondering if you could give us any color on Orbitz? Thanks so much.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Sure. As far as the owner dashboard, we have  there's been a significant amount of development going into the owner dashboard. In general, we want to arm up the owners with significantly more data, both in terms of their earning power, in terms of the kinds of folks looking at their properties and really how they can capture more share within our marketplace. I would expect some pretty significant releases over the year. I think we're pretty early. We've introduced some better calendar management, for example. We've optimized the traveler app for the checkout experiences. We've launched House Rules that inform travelers of what's expected of them before they book, but I think these are really the basics, and we're just getting started here. I do think we can do a better job, in general, in explaining to owners what they can and should be doing to improve their sorts. One of the significant factors is content, the quality of content as far as pictures goes, the quality of content as far as what to expect when you get into the home and, obviously, reviews. And I do think that this is an area that when we talk to our owners, we get some feedback that we can be doing better, and the HomeAway team is certainly focused on making sure owners understand exactly why they are getting the demand that they're getting and how they can optimize and improve their demand inside the marketplace.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: And then, Peter, in terms of Orbitz, I'd say generally, we're pretty pleased with the way that the  what was the old Orbitz and is now part of Expedia, Inc. is performing. In terms of just some specifics on that, from a top-line perspective, the business is still declining and, call it, the mid-teens range. As a reminder, the reason for this is there's a number of formerly Orbitz Partner Network customers that we didn't migrate over, a number of points of sale for e-workers that we didn't migrate over, some Orbitz for Business customers that we didn't migrate over. But if you back out the impact of that, the core of the business looks good. The conversion rates we're seeing on hotel looks solid and of course, the cost synergies that we really brought in to fruition through 2016 are there in full force. So we're happy with what we see. We are still optimizing the Orbitz businesses and getting that right marketing formula in place to optimize for profit margin and of course, profit margin in these businesses looks absolutely excellent. Next question, please?
Operator: We'll go next to Jed Kelly with Oppenheimer.
Jed Kelly - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc.: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Should we expect HomeAway online gross bookings to follow similar seasonal trends as last year or as you are able to pivot the business to a more transactional model, should we expect a more smooth seasonal pattern? And then additionally for HomeAway, can you provide a breakdown between traveler fee or transactional revenue versus subscription and other?
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Sure. I'll answer the first, Jed. We are getting used to HomeAway booking patterns and stay patterns at this point. So we can't answer your question with absolute certainty. It actually looks to us like the seasonal stay patterns are going to become more pronounced. What we're seeing is that the early entrants into the HomeAway marketplace or property managers who might have had more apartments kind of the professionally managed concept apartments. We're seeing the average dollar value per property booking with HomeAway move up, which means that the bigger homes are coming online, and the demand is moving over to the bigger homes. Those larger homes tend to be more seasonal in nature, so we would actually expect to see a higher percentage of dollar stays if for HomeAway concentrated in Q3 than what you saw last year. Mark, you want to answer the HomeAway traveler fee versus transactional revenue?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Yes, sure. Yeah. So we're not going to give the quarterly number but just as a reminder, what we said was that by the end of 2017 here, we'd be at about 25% subscription and no change. We're really on track to turn that way.
Operator: We'll go next to Ross Sandler with Barclays.
Deepak Mathivanan - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. This is Deepak on for Ross. Can you talk about the levels of marketing spend that are going into different components between the OTA brands and HomeAway this year? I think HomeAway was expected to ramp. And then given the several quarters we are into the integration, are the practices that are employed typically in Expedia to optimize for conversions currently put into place in HomeAway at this stage? How do you view their efficiency of marketing programs? I have one more follow-up after that.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Yeah. I think on the second question, most definitely, the CEO of HomeAway is John Kim, and John was the Head of Product at Expedia. So you can imagine that we have taken a number of Expedia practices and we have combined them with HomeAway practices that come up with, call it, the best-of-breed both in terms of design and in product and in technology as well. So, the HomeAway team is driving a lot more experimentation, significantly more A/B testing and the pace of change and testing on that site now is  while it's not up to, call it, Expedia or Hotels.com standards, it has significantly accelerated versus where they were a year ago, and I anticipate it's going to significantly accelerate going into next year, which is going to help conversion rates and is also going to help our ability to market into variable channels. We have moved over talent from online marketing from Hotels.com to HomeAway as well. So there's a bunch of talent moving over. The trends in terms of conversion are good. It's translating into higher online marketing numbers, and it's safe to assume that the HomeAway marketing spend on a year-on-year basis, the increase is higher than the year-on-year increases that you see in our Core OTA. Anything to add there, Mark?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Yeah. I mean, I'd say, I'd put some numbers on it. I think our direct sales and marketing for HomeAway up north of 50% in the first quarter. We will start to see those decelerate, though, as we move through the year, because we're going to lap particularly in the back half of the year the aggressive ramp-up in sales and marketing. That's not in a spot where it's totally moving the needle on our overall sales and marketing numbers yet, although it is a factor. And to your other point around where we're putting dollars across the Core OTA brands, we're really putting money in behind Brand Expedia. We're putting it in behind Hotels.com. Egencia is a driver as well, other segment for us. And when you look at the bulk of our direct sales and marketing spend, which is growing 25% in the quarter, I think about the growth rate in sales and marketing in the Core OTA segment as being pretty close to that, because that's really where it's going. It's going to the big global brands.
Operator: We'll go next to Douglas Anmuth with JPMorgan.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: There Doug?
Operator: Douglas, your line is open. Please check your mute function.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Let's try someone else and maybe Doug will come back.
Operator: We'll go next to Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies.
Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC: Thanks guys. As you look at the inventory additions this quarter, can you give us any color of the mix overall, hotels versus non-traditional? I guess what I'm getting at is, are you happy with your overall inventory mix, maybe across geographies? Are you happy with the way you're adding non-traditional and hotels?
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Yeah. I'd say we're happy, but we think we have a long way to go. The inventory now is at about 385,000 hotels. We are early in the integration of the HomeAway inventory into the mainline OTA inventory. So we're just getting started there, and we have a long way to go. And we think that the pace of inventory addition, I think, we've added, it's up about 36% on a year-on-year basis as far as inventory goes. That kind of a pace is going to continue. It's not going to be consistent every single quarter, but that kind of a base is certainly going to continue. The new hotels continue to perform well within our marketplace. They represent an opportunity for us to spend more marketing dollars as well as to increase conversion on a destination basis as well, and it's just part of the formula right now. It's higher conversion, the higher conversion driving more marketing both online and offline. The more marketing allowing us the ability to add more supply into the marketplace and all of that increasing customer loyalty, which is really the formula that we've had for a long time, and you've got to optimize each portion of that formula a little bit in order to improve. And of course, you have to improve more than the overall market because the market is certainly improving as well. So I think we are in the early middle portion of the game, and we're quite optimistic about the opportunities here over the next 3 to 5 years.
Operator: We'll go next to Akshay Bhatia with Bank of America.
Akshay Bhatia - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Hi. Thanks for the question. When we look at the Core OTA take rate, looks pretty stable year-over-year. Could you talk about some of the puts and takes, specifically touching on maybe the mix of agency, hotel accelerator, and then maybe some of the negotiations you guys are having with hotel brands?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Yeah. So I think the story is similar to what we've seen for a while. I think on the hotel side, there still is a little bit of a headwind on margin, although that's significantly less than what it's been in the past. That's essentially offset by a couple of factors. One is, we do continue to see a mix shift of the business towards hotel, which is generally going faster than our air business. Secondly, we've seen nice results from ancillary revenues and media revenues that are also buttressing those take rates, and all of those sort of net out to something that's relatively stable. And I think we're happy with generally where we are, and we're particularly happy with some of these ancillary revenue streams in the Core OTA business, like insurance, like our activities business that are performing nicely.
Akshay Bhatia - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Paul Bieber with Credit Suisse.
Paul Bieber - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thanks for taking my questions. First off, how should we think about the room night growth trajectory during the summer booking season for both domestic and international, given the deceleration and especially domestic in the reported numbers? And then just generally, how would you characterize the macro backdrop for travel in the U.S., Europe, and APAC?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Sure. So in terms of room night growth, I'd just remind you that the Easter impact was significant here in the first quarter. We were actually quite happy with what we saw in terms of room night growth and generally pointed to stable to faster in the first quarter on the normalized numbers that we look at. A few things to keep in mind, though, as we move into Q2 and Q3, one is, Easter will be a helper for us in Q2 from a reported basis, and then our comps do start to get easier as we move into Q2, and again, the easiest comp is probably into Q3, so a few things to keep in mind on that front. In terms of the macro landscape in Europe and otherwise, I think largely similar. I think the London attack for us, we could certainly see impact to London but it's hard to tease that out completely from Easter. And our expectation, thing would be to get back to business as usual is that's what we've seen generally with other regions. The elections in France didn't cause too much of a stir for us. The macro backdrop in Europe seems to be reasonably healthy. When we look at the U.S., again, similar stories. Things seem to be reasonably healthy. We have seen a little bit of a slowdown in travel from the Middle East into the U.S. and a few cross-regional patterns like that, but, net-net, from where we see, looks like a healthy market to us.
Operator: We'll go next to Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks. I was just wondering if you could give us a bit of a sense of strategically how you're thinking about the trade-off between sales and marketing leverage and revenue growth. Obviously, you've got the targets out there for EBITDA, but to the extent that we saw the roughly 344 basis points of deleverage in sales and marketing this year or this quarter, can you give us a sense of what you're trying to get or what you think you'll get out of that kind of spend from a revenue growth perspective and where as a company you're happy with that revenue growth being?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Thanks, Heath. I guess, just one note for you in terms of sales and marketing leverage this quarter. This is always a tough quarter for us from a sales and marketing deleverage standpoint, and primary reason is that we're spending sales and marketing essentially against bookings, not against stayed revenues so there's a little bit of a mismatch. That's accentuated this quarter by the fact that we had Easter also shift which, of course, is an impact revenue and nothing to sales and marketing. I'd say, generally, our strategy, though, as it relates to sales and marketing, has not changed. I mean, we are really looking to drive bottom-line adjusted EBITDA dollar growth and, to that end, really, we're looking to spend to drive more volume, get new customers into the platform, have them get a great experience and have them come back to us through the direct channels like apps, like e-mail, et cetera, and the formula is working. And so, most of what you see when you see sales and marketing de-levered with us is largely as a result of mix drivers. It's the fact that we're spending more aggressively and the region is getting bigger, Asia Pacific, for example, than we are in the U.S. and, though even Asia  even though Asia is less efficient from a sales and marketing perspective than the U.S., that's what's driving the mix, and Asia itself is getting more efficient over time. We also see channel shifts in our sales and marketing expense as we drive conversion. It allows us to spend more into variable marketing channels. Again, the direct channels, the chief channels still look very healthy, and they're growing nicely, but essentially we're able to buy more in these variable channels, and that's a factor for us as well. So I think you'll see the same strategy for us. We like to invest aggressively in sales and marketing. We like to fund that with leverage and fixed cost. That's the formula. And I think you'll expect see that for a long time to come.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: And just to push that home, Heath, we are not at all sensitive to overall sales and marketing leverage or deleverage as a percentage of revenue. We're very much sensitive to channel ROI. But really, the two factors that we look at when we're trying to gauge the health of the business is, how fast is our direct channel growing and that growth really is the biggest driver of our profit growth, and that has been healthy and we're happy about the signs there. And then how much money can we put to work in some of these indirect channels, especially outside of the U.S. because that's a key factor as the new customer acquisition and then moving those new customers into loyalty customers, for example, with Hotels.com or getting those new customers to try out packages on Expedia that really is an opportunity to save that you can't find really any place else. And the more new customers we bring in, to some extent, the worse our sales and marketing leverage is going to look just because of the margins in that part of the business, but that usually is not connected to ROI. We're pretty disciplined about our ROI in these channels and, as a result, we're just driving ROI, and the amount we spend in each channel is, to some extent, unbalanced. We'll spend as much as we can at a certain ROI. The more you spend in the channel, the more difficult it is to drive ROIs that are attractive, and those are the two factors that essentially are going after each other.
Operator: And we'll go next to Ron Josey with JMP Securities.
Ronald V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Just one or two. First and foremost, you talked about hotel room nights booked. Great to see that metric grew 18% year-over-year. Is this something we can expect going forward or more like a onetime disclosure, just talking about the booking trends in the quarter? And then, Dara, following up on that last comment, actually around new packages and may be, Mark, to your ancillary revenue comments, there has been talk about the newer format package as more flexible. Can you just help us understand where that is and how sort of meaningful that is in the rollout? And then, lastly, any insight on HomeAway properties on Expedia would be helpful? Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Ron, so just on the hotel room nights booked, it's something that we will periodically disclose when we find it to be helpful to understand what's happening in the business. In this case because Easter was just such a big factor, both for the Core OTA business and particularly for HomeAway, we thought it was relevant to point it out. In normal operating circumstances, those numbers actually look relatively close together. But when they're not, we will call it out when it's helpful. On the packages side, I'll start and then Dara definitely jump in. I think we are at a, I'd say, relatively early stage here. The Brand Expedia team particularly is working on some really interesting ways to dramatically improve the shopping experience when you're shopping for travel, we can  call it, packages but the experience starts to look a lot more just like a multi-item purchase where either during the time of your purchase, you can bundle things together in whatever order you want into almost like a shopping cart experience or increasing what we're seeing as products that we've launched where if you booked a flight, you don't necessarily have to book it at the same time, but you can get a big discount on a hotel or maybe a car rental or an activity. So I think we're relatively early here. The exciting thing is when we look at it, there's really only one player on a global basis that can do these types of things. There are things that, at least our early tests suggest that, consumers really want, and we think that Brand Expedia and the whole Brand Expedia multi-product group including Orbitz and Travelocity and Wotif and CheapTickets and ebookers in that great staple of brands are going to benefit from this for many, many, many years to come.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: The only thing I would add just the key to what Mark said is, with our package path in the past, we would force our users to declare that they're looking for a package upfront, and the fact is that most travelers don't look  a vast majority of our travelers aren't looking for packages upfront. So the key here in our development is allowing users to attach more and more products to the single product that they came into the shop for, so to speak. We are consistently driving up our attach rates. We think there's a lot of upside there. And as we are able to attach more, that allows us to actually pay more for new customers that we find, especially in variable channels and international points-of-sale as well. So it has a double effect, and that obviously it allows us to monetize users more effectively. It allows us to deliver discounts to those users that they can't find pretty much anywhere else on the web and also the more contact that we have with our users, the better. The more relevant that we are, the better, and it allows us to be more aggressive about marketing in the various channels. So we think it's  we're in the middle of the game, and we think there's lots of potential left for us in that area. As far as the HomeAway properties on Expedia, we're up to almost 30,000 properties on the platform, still relatively small compared to the overall HomeAway supply base. And one of the factors there is that the Expedia model is based on commission, and the HomeAway model is based on a combination of commission and traveler service fee, and we are going to be looking to build that flexibility into the Expedia platform, which we think is really going to open up the Expedia, Hotels.com channel into the HomeAway supply as well. So that is going to happen throughout the year. I would say that when you look at this year and the development of HomeAway this year, by far, the number one priority for us is pushing HomeAway and developing that trend  that transition from an advertising platform to a global transactional platform. We think the upside there is absolutely enormous. And, by far, the number one priority is HomeAway on a standalone basis. The HomeAway supply on Expedia, Hotels.com is considerable long-term upside, but it's priority number two at this point.
Operator: We'll go next to Kevin Kopelman with Cowen & Company.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks a lot. I just had a follow-up on HomeAway. When you look at night stayed there at plus 12% in Q1 versus nights booked at plus 39%, it was a pretty dramatic recovery. Could you just go over the top key factors again that you saw over Q4 and Q1 in that business that drove the acceleration? Thanks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Thanks, Kevin. Well, Easter was a factor, but by far, the biggest factor is a lengthening in the booking window that we're seeing with HomeAway, and it really goes to, we believe anyways, one of the factors that Dara called out. The early adopters on online bookability were predominantly some of the larger property managers. And as we have rolled out online bookability throughout a broader selection of properties, what we've actually seen is an increase in the value per booking, which suggests to us that there's a mix shift into some of these larger bigger tickets, whole-home unique properties and those types of properties generally need to be booked much further in advance. So we're definitely seeing a lengthening of the booking window. We think that could be a driver. We haven't nailed down all of the specifics of what could be causing it, but that's by far the most obvious one that we can see at this point.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. And then just to follow-up on that, how far along do you think you are in the process of kind of making sure all of the business that you're originating is [] transacted online to the platform?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Well, I'd say we've got a ways to go on that. It's a big opportunity still. We know that there are transactions that are happening off-platform, and the team is really focused on really developing reasons why both on the traveler side and on the property owner side or property manager side, reasons for people to stick with the platform. You've seen it on the consumer side where they've introduced the Book with Confidence Guarantee increasingly. You'll see HomeAway willing to step in front of a traveler, and if they've got a bad experience, help them move to a new property or help solve their problem. They are working on various series of, what I'd call, carrots and sticks on the owner and the supplier side to incent the right behavior and put more bookings on the platform. They're early on that side. They've got a number of supplier-facing data and tools that they're building out dashboarding, et cetera. As Dara mentioned, they're experimenting with sort, and these are the types of factors around on-platform versus off-platform that can start to influence sort order. And there's a number of other, call it, goodies that HomeAway is looking at rolling out across the platform to incent the right behavior. So it's relatively early. It's a really high priority for that team, and we're very optimistic that they're going to be able to increasingly just drive much more on-platform adoption because it's going to be something that both travelers and suppliers want to do.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Yes, I think we're going to make it considerably more attractive, especially for our homeowners and property managers to stay on platform, so there are some pretty exciting products coming out there, so stay tuned.
Operator: And we'll go next to Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets.
Jim Shaughnessy - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Good afternoon. Thanks, guys. This is Jim Shaughnessy stepping in for Mark. Just a quick question on international booking trends. I think on the last call, you mentioned that you expect trends to improve throughout 2017, and it looks like they have. So maybe building off a prior question, why don't you drill down a little bit on which markets you think are performing particularly well and continue in 2017? Thanks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Yes, I mean, I think we're seeing a broad pick-up across the region. Brand Expedia, particularly, has seen some nice growth in Europe. They rolled out some new features in the air side of the business that's been driving some really solid results. We've seen strong results in various parts of Asia. Hotels.com is having a blockbuster year so far in South Korea, posting pretty impressive results, and Latin America generally is good. Mexico has been pretty strongly really for across our brands. I'd also say that one of the things to keep in mind when you're looking at international booking trends is that we will start to see some improvement further in the back half of the year as we lap over the ebookers transition, and that's actually a headwind on bookings. And because it was a business that had a fair bit of air in it, it has a disproportionate impact on gross bookings. But I'd say, generally Asia, Latin America and Europe are strengths with the countries I mentioned.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: And Paris is coming back now, is recovering from obviously the negative numbers that we saw last year. So Paris is growing for us, which is great to see. That city certainly needs a business. And London as a destination for us is very, very strong, which we think has to do with the British pound. Once the British pound went down, London as a destination became  the numbers there were pretty darn attractive, and they continue as we speak.
Operator: We'll go next to Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray.
Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hey, good afternoon. I guess you may have answered some portion of the question, but tell us what percent of HomeAway properties or transactions are now capturing the traveler bookings, or do you expect to keep that at 100% of properties or will there always be some subset that don't capture the booking fees?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Well, the general way to think about it is when properties are online bookable, so the 1.4 million properties we have that are online bookable, they are all fee-able and are generally all being applied a traveler fee to it on the HomeAway platform. There will be some that are on the Brand Expedia platform, for example, which currently don't have a fee attached to them. But generally, on HomeAway, everything that's online, think about that as traveler fee-able. There are still some transactions though that are happening offline, which we don't have great visibility into, and that's where you'd call there be leakage, if you will, but that's really isolated to the offline business.
Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. And then you talked about buying back 450,000 shares so far this year. Is it your goal to somewhat offset stock comp dilution or is the goal longer-term to actually shrink the share count over time through your buyback activity or do you kind of want to focus on keeping dry powder for acquisitions? Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Well, I'd say it's the same strategy as we've always had. If you look back over history, we have shrunk our share count over time, and we're big believers in this business, and I would look at our past behavior as an indication of what we will likely do in the future. But that's not the case always from quarter-to-quarter, and it's not always the case from year-to-year. And we certainly take into account the M&A pipeline and what we're thinking about doing on that side. We look at our dividend, and then share repurchase is something that we do look at. We always have an eye to dilution, but it's not formulaic. It's not the driver and we do think that part of our capital allocation strategy will include share repurchases over the next number of years.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia, Inc.: Next question, please.
Operator: We'll go next to Mark May with Citi.
Mark A. May - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks for taking my questions. I appreciate it. Hopefully, these weren't taken already. But in terms of Core OTA margins, could you provide any color in terms of how much of the modest decline year-on-year was attributable to investments in, say, new markets, new growth initiatives versus kind of investing and doubling down, if you will, in some of your core markets? And if you could provide, if you haven't already, a progress update in terms of where you are in terms of leveraging the HomeAway inventory across the Expedia brands. And what, if any, impact that that is having either in Q1 or you expect to have this year in terms of room night growth. Thanks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Mark, the real driver on margins for the quarter was the shift of Easter to the second quarter. That, I'd call that number one, and no real other significant drivers I'd call out. It's really sort of business as usual for us, and we're happy with the margin profile that we see. And I think in Q2, you'll probably see the offset there of what happened in the first quarter. Dara, you want to talk about HomeAway?
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Mark, on the HomeAway inventory, we talked about it some earlier. It's very early. Right now the production of HomeAway inventory on Expedia brands is pretty small. And we would expect to see that increase significantly as the year goes on and especially into next year. The priority for the HomeAway teams at this point is to make sure that the transition to online transactions go smoothly, make sure that the experience, the traveler experience and the homeowner experience is as good as it can be, and that's really what we're focused on at this point.
Operator: We'll go next to Justin Patterson with Raymond James.
Justin T. Patterson - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much. First on Egencia, Dara, you alluded to the business hitting an inflection point. Could you discuss what changed and just remind us whether the sales force investment was in the initial plan for the year or if it does something you've decided that lean into and invest a bit more in? And then, secondly, on HomeAway, could you walk through just what differences you see between conversion on instantly bookable and online bookable today, and then what levers you have to move back more toward instant bookable over time? Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Sure. As far as Egencia hitting an inflection point, Egencia has been  the team has been hard at work in a number of integrations over the past three years via integration, Orbitz for business integrations, the Orbitz business integration really, really going well. And those integrations always take time, and they take focus, and they cost money. And at the same time, the team has been investing in the core systems of the business to globalize them or to modernize the technology stack, really in the same way that we've been consistently doing with Expedia, Hotels.com, et cetera. Egencia has been a little later in coming just because of all the integrations that the team has been driving, but we feel like we're in a really good spot where the team is starting to deliver just excellent innovation on the product side. The sale, the response to our sales pictures, et cetera, has been very attractive, and we just continue to gain share in the core travel marketplace. We think that we are competing against a set of competitors who has fundamentally not made the shift online, has fundamentally not made the shift to agile technology, and we think this is the time for it to double down. So seeing the very strong results in the first quarter, we were already planning to invest in the Egencia sales team, but the pattern for our company overall Expedia, Inc. is, when we see some strength, we like to lean into that strength. And with Egencia, we're seeing strength, we're leaning into that strength, and it will be safe to assume that the sales plan and the sales hiring plan for Egencia is higher today than where we started a year from and that's a great thing. As far as HomeAway, the differences in conversion, we're not going to disclose specific differences, but it's safe to assume that online bookable properties convert and produce at better rates  sorry, instant bookable properties produce at stronger rates than simply online bookable properties. Right now, the focus is moving the folks to online bookable, and we will quickly shift to getting as much of them instant bookable as possible.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Millman with Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Thank you. Kind of following up on some of the things you suggested. Interested in your thoughts on if you see some major disruptive technology on the horizon and if so, where so and when so? And does it involve AI or what it may involve? And sort of unrelated to that, can you talk about what you're seeing in timeshare business as competitive for HomeAway and for maybe some of the related type of companies? Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: I think AI is a good deal down the road. I think, right now, we are more dependent on OI, organic intelligence, here of folks here at the company. I think as far as disruptive technology, I do like to talk about the 3Ms, and it's not disruptive. It's just happening. One is mobile for us. And right now with most brands, over a-third of our transactions are mobile. Over half of our traffic is mobile. And the cool thing about mobile is it's always on, and it gives you location context. The second M for us that's emerging, especially in the APAC markets are messaging. And what messaging does for us is, it allows two-way communication at any time, but it also combines identity with our communication. And once you have identity, you can start communicating with someone on a one-to-one basis. Most of our systems right now are built to serve the average. Basically as a consumer when you come to Expedia, most of our systems are built to serve the average consumer. Now more and more we can optimize to the specific customer. And you combine that with a third M, which is machine learning, it is only possible to optimize to the individual based on very significant amounts of data, very significant amounts of interaction, so that you can start treating every single customer in a different way. You can go back to the olden days, when you're travel agent knew exactly what you wanted. This is going to be disruptive, but it's going to be a slow disruption as we learn more and more about you, as you tell us more and more about you through your behavior and otherwise give us more data, but we think that, that personal one-to-one connection is something that's coming over a period of time. And we think that because we have so many opportunities to interact with a customer we are  and also because we are investing significantly in technology, in product, in user interaction, I think, that we are one of the best positioned companies in travel to take advantage of it. So call it a slow disruption, but it is absolutely coming. As far as the timeshare business as it relates to HomeAway, I think the timeshare companies and timeshare owners probably are participants in the HomeAway marketplace, but I can't say that it's something that we talk about on a significant basis in the HomeAway haul. So I'm sure they're part of the marketplace, but at this point, it's not a significant portion of our strategy.
Operator: We'll go next to Perry Gold with MoffettNathanson.
Perry Gold - MoffettNathanson LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. Two please, if I may. Is there any other color you can provide on the overall performance at your OTA brand other than Orbitz? And then also the step-up at inter-company eliminations, does that just have to do with Expedia's brand taking more share on trivago or driving more traffic through trivago relative to other channels? Thanks so much.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Sure. I'll take those, Perry. But just take the second one first. The answer is yes. That is largely due to our brands, so it could be Brand Expedia, Hotels.com taking share in the trivago channel and doing very well there. Super attractive channel right now in the market, generally just because it's growing so quickly and our brands are performing well, and we're very happy with the performance there, so it shows up in that number. In terms of overall performance at the core OTA brands, I think Brand Expedia is doing very well right now. It's great to have that team refocused on the core business and not so focused on integrations. They did a phenomenal job of those integrations. But as we all know, they did take a toll on the results, but that team is right back to business as usual. They're thrilled to be back to business as usual, and they're thrilled with the opportunity ahead of them, and they're going after it, and the results are starting to show up. We're pleased with what we're seeing at Hotels.com as well. That team has been executing very well for a long period of time. They've got a great rewards program, and they continue to press on that. Their international growth, I mentioned South Korea is impressive, and they just continue to execute on their formula around the world. And then I'd also call out our private label business, the Expedia Affiliate Network business, who had a really good year last year and is just on a really solid footing this year, just exceptional results really powering the whole industry, offline travel agencies, corporate travel players, other online travel agencies, airlines, all with our world-class agency and merchant hotel inventory. And I'd just say the team is executing very well there, and we're very excited about what that team can do.
Operator: We'll go next to Eric Sheridan with UBS.
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the question. I think in a number of industry forums it's come up recently that paid marketing channels might actually be increasing their importance in terms of the way consumers are finding travel brands, planning their travel, you obviously have a play on that with trivago, but I don't know, if either Dara or Mark, if you would like to talk about the importance of the paid marketing channels, how relative ROIs might be evolving at some of those channels versus what you can do brand building and trying to drive more direct traffic over time and maybe lowering your overall ROI over time. Thanks, guys.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Sure, Eric. In general, listen, I think it's accurate to say that the paid channels are growing their audience share in terms of travel spend, and the fastest share growth is coming from the meta channels, and the fastest share grower in the meta channels is trivago. That team is really executing on a world-class basis, and trivago I think as far as audience share as far as the channel goes, probably the fastest-growing scaled channel there is in terms of audience. And that's a great thing. And as it relates to our relationship with these paid channels, I think, in general, the OTAs are consistently investing in conversion, in user experience and in data science that allows us to get call it a higher share of those paid channels than the other players out there. So while from a profitability margin basis, the increase in growth of those paid channels hurts our margin, we talked a little bit about our sales and marketing margin as a percentage of revenue. From a share standpoint, it is unquestionably a positive for us, and it's a bigger positive because trivago is a part of the family. We're very strict on ROIs and in general, ROIs for us look stable, and they look good, and we view the paid channels as very significant means for us to gain share and a significant means for us to go acquire new customers, especially in international markets. And then, if we provide them for  if we provide those customers a great experience, again and again, we see that a certain percentage of those customers move over to repeat customers and stay with us and come direct. And when you look at the profit dollars that are coming into, call it, the big two OTAs, you can certainly see that the profit dollars and the profit dollar growth there is quite healthy on a global basis. And at this point, I don't see anything that would change that.
Operator: And we'll go next to Lloyd Walmsley with Deutsche Bank.
Seth Gilbert - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks for the question. This is Seth on for Lloyd. I was wondering if you could provide any additional color as to how HomeAway contributed to room night growth in the quarter and what the core room night year-over-year was, as it seems to slowed even given the ex-Easter and leap year impact? Thanks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Yeah. So HomeAway's standalone stayed room night growth was right in line with the rest of the business. So it didn't have an impact. It did help the books room night metric that we gave you. But I think also just keep in mind that the other number we gave is just around the global brands, which grew about 17% year-over-year on a stayed basis. So HomeAway was a factor, but it didn't change the story at all for us. Next question please?
Operator: That is all the time we have questions for today. So I'll hand the call back over for Alan Pickerill for any additional or closing remarks.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia, Inc.: Great job. Thanks everybody for joining us today. We appreciate it. Dara, any closing remarks?
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Just thank you to our team on a global basis. We're off to a good start, and let's keep it that way. Thanks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-09 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Alan Pickerill - Vice President of Investor Relations Dara Khosrowshahi - President and Chief Executive Officer Mark Okerstrom - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Operations
Analysts: Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities Paul Bieber - Credit Suisse Alex Giaimo - Jefferies Douglas Anmuth - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Jed Kelly - Oppenheimer & Co. Ronald Josey - JMP Securities LLC Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs Christopher Merwin - Barclays Capital, Inc. Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC Brad Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities Eric Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets Robert James Coolbrith - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Dan Wasiolek - Morningstar, Inc.
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Expedias Q4 2016 earnings conference call. Todays conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Alan Pickerill, Vice President Investor Relations at Expedia. Please go ahead, sir.
Alan Pickerill: Thank you. Good afternoon, everybody. Welcome to Expedia, Inc.s financial results conference call for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2016. Im pleased to be joined on the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, Expedias CEO and President; and Mark Okerstrom, our CFO and EVP Operations. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects managements views as of today, February 9, 2016 only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on todays call are forward-looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate or similar statements. Please refer to todays press release and the companys filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Youll find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the companys IR website at ir.expediainc.com. I encourage you to periodically visit our Investor Relations site for important content, including todays earnings release and the updated investor deck. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense, and technology and content expense, also excludes stock-based compensation and depreciation expense, and all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2015. As a quick reminder, we sold our 62.4% ownership stake in eLong on May 22, 2015, which was previously a consolidated entity of Expedia, Inc. For GAAP accounting purposes, the results of eLong are included in our results through the date of the sale. In order to allow investors to compare our full-year 2016 results on a like-for-like basis with our historical results, full-year commentary in earnings release and on this call, is principally focused on our results excluding eLong, which should be considered in addition to the GAAP results on a fully consolidated basis. Fourth quarter results do not contain any results related to eLong in either year. With that, let me turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Alan. 2016 was a year of ups and downs for Expedia. We learned some valuable lessons on things we can do better, but we also chalked up great performances across the portfolio, including from some of our largest acquisitions, brands and businesses that will play a big part of our profits, cash flow and overall growth moving forward. We exited 2016 with nice momentum and we start the New Year from a position of strength. For the full-year 2016, our customers booked over $72 billion of travel products. We delivered full-year revenue of $8.8 billion, up 32% year-over-year; adjusted EBITDA over $1.6 billion, up 39%; and 246 million room nights, up 21%. 2016 also marked the completion of our most significant integration yet. That of the Orbitz family of consumer brands as well as Orbitz for Business. I am very proud of the entire team for the considerable efforts, which paid off in the form of $224 million of adjusted EBITDA in 2016, reflecting synergy realization meaningfully ahead of our expectations, and overall profitability clearly better than what Orbitz could have delivered standalone. As they say, however no deed goes unpunished - good deed goes unpunished, and we did pay a cost related to these migration efforts in the form of deceleration in room night growth in the middle of the year. Our teams are now completely refocused on our operational formula, high velocity product experimentation driving conversion, aggressive optimization of our marketing channels on a global basis, expansion of our supply portfolio and growth of our repeat user-base, all in a continuous and self-reinforcing cycle. We are seeing the output of our operational formula and improved room night growth particularly at Brand Expedia, Hotels.com, EAN and Egencia, with the momentum continuing in to January. In the meantime, we are optimizing our marketing formula for regional brands including Travelocity, Orbitz, Hotwire and Wotif, within eye towards improved marketing efficiencies and a bias towards the bottom line. HomeAway has now been a member of the Expedia family for over a year, and our efforts to transition to a global e-commerce enabled alternative lodging marketplace are on track. Weve implemented the traveler service fee, announced the elimination of the tier subscription model, and substantially increased our investments and capabilities in online marketing, product and technology. We are on track financially with $163 million of adjusted EBITDA in 2016 and a very aggressive investment plan in 2017, on our way to the $350 million EBITDA target in 2018. The HomeAway team is hitting their marks, conversion growth is healthy, renewals and listings are on track and improving. And we are looking forward to continued success over the long-term. trivago had another great year in 2016, delivering standalone revenue of $836 million, up 53% year-over-year, and accelerating in both third and fourth quarter. Team trivago didnt miss a beat in their execution cadence even as they completed their IPO. We look forward to continued global expansion, market share gains and improving profitability in the years to come. I will also note that trivago plans to have its own conference call in a couple of weeks, where they will discuss performance and their outlook for their business in more detail. Egencia delivered a solid 2016 with revenue up 16%, and adjusted EBITDA up 18%, aided by the addition of Orbitz for Business. And we are particularly pleased with the strong Q4 EBITDA growth of 97%. Egencia is now a scale corporate travel technology and service provider with $6.4 billion in gross bookings, which the team is aiming to double over the next four years. We know that our corporate travel products and technology are best in class. And we are working to dramatically improve our capabilities on the expense management side. With integrations complete and our leading product offering in place, we plan to ramp up the Egencia sales force over the next few years to gain better global coverage and accelerate organic top line growth. And, of course, well continue to be opportunistic on acquisition side. Overall, Im pleased with the momentum that our team built through Q4 and carried into the start of 2017. These are interesting times for all of us, but with the $1.3 trillion opportunity in the global travel market ahead of us, were executing with the cadence and discipline that gives me confidence in our ability to deliver a great 2017 and beyond. Mark?
Mark Okerstrom: Thanks, Dara. We finished the year with a solid fourth quarter that was largely in line with our expectations. Gross bookings were up 8%, revenue up 23% and adjusted EBITDA up 58%. Excluding both Orbitz and HomeAway, these measures grow a healthy 12%, 17% and 15% respectively. Hotel revenue was up 13% for the quarter, driven by room night growth of 15%. Excluding Orbitz, room nights grew 16% with our global brands, Hotels.com, Expedia EAN and Egencia each growing room nights in an even faster rate. Average daily rates were down less than 1% in Q4, while revenue per room night decreased by less than 2%. The gap between the two is just over a 110 basis points, which was better than we have expected as a result of favorable package margins and some favorability in our loyalty program cost in the quarter. Note, that as we look forward into 2017, we do expect that gap to be a little bit bigger. Advertising and media revenue net of intercompany amounts grew 43% year-over-year to a sizeable $807 million for full year 2016. For the fourth quarter, ad and media was up 36% year-over-year, driven by strong performance at trivago. On a standalone basis, trivago revenue grew 65% in the fourth quarter, accelerating from 57% growth in Q3. This is a big brand that is building impressive scale on a global basis. For full year 2016, HomeAway delivered approximately $6 billion of online gross bookings, up 46% year-over-year, driven by over 22 million online room nights. Note that we plan to disclose these metrics for HomeAway in a quarterly basis beginning in Q1 of 2017 and plan to disclose the 2016 comparable numbers ahead of our Q1 call. In the fourth quarter on a standalone basis, HomeAway revenue grew 30% and adjusted EBITDA grew 16% as we started to ramp additional marketing and technology investments. To help you think about how to model HomeAway going forward, I did want to provide some additional color. For full year 2016, subscription revenue comprised just over half of HomeAways revenue. And we expect this to decline to just about 25% of the mix in 2017. As a reminder, we lap the elimination of the tiered subscription model at the beginning of Q3 2017. Transactional revenue grew just over 240% in the fourth quarter. As we look forward into 2017, we expect that revenue to - revenue stream to grow nicely, as we continue to benefit from the traveler service fee. Although, we do expect to see deceleration in this growth as we lap the initial rollout. Note also that above 5% of HomeAway revenue represents ancillary services such as advertising and software, which we expect to grow much more moderately. Our expense trends in Q4 moved closer to our target P&L as we began to lap over the impact of the Orbitz and HomeAway acquisition. Cost of revenue grew nicely slower than revenue as we continue to drive for operational efficiency. Direct selling and marketing expenses grew faster than revenue, as we continue to ramp up our variable marketing channels and push for global growth. Growth in technology and content expense remained ahead of revenue growth but decelerated nicely from the growth seen in Q3, and a bit more than we had expected. General and administrative expenses were down year-over-year, as we lap certain deal costs in the prior year. From a capital deployment standpoint, we were pleased to be able to repurchase 4 million shares in 2016 for a total of $436 million and have increased our quarterly dividend to $0.28 per share for payment in March. Before I move to our guidance for 2017, I wanted to cover our efforts to migrate certain components of our technology infrastructure into the cloud-computing environment. This is a significant and important effort that began in earnest in 2016 and resulted in total direct cost of approximately $40 million. We have aggressive plans for further migration in 2017 and currently expect nearly $110 million of direct cloud spend for the year. We expect the incremental spend year over year to be largely offset by lower infrastructure CapEx requirements in 2017, and we expect this entire effort to be cash flow accretive within the next couple of years. Although the cloud migration is a profitability headwind in 2017, it makes strong financial sense and will result in better overall performance, resiliency and consumer experiences. Turning to our financial expectations for full year 2017, on a consolidated basis including the ramp up in cloud spending, we are expecting adjusted EBITDA growth of 10% to 15%. Excluding cloud expenses growth would be 14% to 19%. In terms of the shape of the year, as usual due to the seasonality of our business we are expecting the majority of our adjusted EBITDA dollar growth to come in the second half of the year. As a reminder, we invest in selling and marketing to generate bookings ahead of the busy travel season with the revenue recognition occurring at the time of travel, and as such we usually see some pressure on earnings early in the year with the upside coming disproportionately in Q3, the busiest time for travel. In addition, the shift of Easter into Q2 this year will result in a negative impact on revenue and profitability in Q1. With sizeable integration work behinds us, were pleased to return to business as usual and expect to manage our expenses largely in line with our target P&L. We expect adjusted cost of revenue to grow nicely slower than revenue, while selling and marketing should grow faster as we continue to push for global growth. We expect technology and content expense to grow slightly faster than revenue, as leverage in our ordinary course tech spending will be more than offset by growth in our cloud spend outlined earlier. And, of course, general and administrative expenses should grow solidly slower than revenue in 2017. Now, Id like to provide some additional color on trends in our capital expenditures. Excluding costs related to our new headquarters, for full-year 2016, approximately 60% of our CapEx was capitalized software development, 30% related to data center and infrastructure, and the remainder related to non-HQ global real estate projects. For 2017, we expect this CapEx to be flat to slightly down with a decrease in data center and infrastructure spend offset by growth in capitalized software development and non-HQ real estate CapEx. Separately, in terms of our new headquarters, we now expect total build cost of around $650 million, of which approximately $30 million was spent in 2016 and less than $100 million will be spent in 2017. The remainder will be split roughly evenly between 2018 and 2019. Lastly, while there are many moving parts, we believe that an effective tax rate in the mid 20% range remains appropriate for forecasting purposes. With that, lets turn to questions.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Camilla, were ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. Absolutely. [Operator Instructions] And we do have our first question from Naved Khan with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Naved Khan: Yes, hi. Thanks for taking the question, so just a couple. On HomeAway, I think there is some talk about pulling in 20,000 or so of the rooms, and deploying them into the core Expedia. Well, what kind of pace do you expect for 2017? And of the 20,000 that you did pull into the Core OTA, can you share some results in terms of what kind of performance you saw on the conversions and bookings?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Hi, Naved. As far as the 20,000 coming into the core Expedia, the overall production within our numbers was de minimis, it was a small number. We very much go forward on a test-and-learn basis. This is - were very, very early days. And as we move throughout 2017, we will add in more properties. We want to make sure that those properties are instant bookable, so to the extent that you are a supply partner of HomeAway that is providing instant bookable properties. You will get more exposure not only on HomeAway, because of their sorts, but also on Expedia. Note that right now the properties are starting up on Expedia and then well roll them into Hotels.com and some of our other brands. So we will be rolling them in through the years. Too soon to tell as to whether they will be a significant portion of our production this year, but we certainly think from a long-term perspective having this inventory as part of our marketplace is a very, very important strategic importance for us going forward.
Naved Khan: Okay, thats helpful. And then, quickly on the room night side, I guess you had an easier comp because of the Paris attack in Q4 of 2015. So if you sort of adjust for that, what kind of trends did you see. And I think on the last quarterly call you did talk about trends you saw into October. Can you provide us of the trends you might be seeing in January or year-to-date?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. In general, certainly Paris was a tailwind for us this year. And when we look at our volumes in Paris and France, theyre up pretty substantially on a room night basis. ADRs are down. So if you noticed, our international ADRs are down on a Q4 basis. So Paris and London were negative on ADR basis, but certainly positive on a volume basis. But when we look at our portfolio broadly the big brands, the Expedias, the Hotels.com, the EANs of the world, continue to perform more strongly in Q4 than Q3, and the trends that we see in January are constructive for us.
Mark Okerstrom: Naved, Id also just add to that notwithstanding the easier comp from Paris, we actually had 300-basis-point harder comp just on the sequential basis moving into Q4. So we view Paris and the harder comp as essentially offsetting each other.
Naved Khan: Okay. Thats very helpful. And any color or commentary on the trends year-to-date?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Constructive trends, so in general we saw momentum get better Q4 relative to Q3 and Q2 and January is so far as good.
Naved Khan: Great. Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Youre welcome. Next question.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Bieber with Credit Suisse.
Paul Bieber: Thanks for taking my questions. Two quick questions. How should we think about the conversion rate opportunity on Expedia.com in 2017, given your plans for allocating engineering resource at different projects? And then any really takeaways from your test with TripAdvisor?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as the conversion opportunity, its pretty similar to what its been in the past as it relates to Expedia, Hotels.com, all of our significant brands. And for us, the overall growth opportunity is - its conversion, its our conversion allowing us to reach into additional marketing channel. So its conversion and audience growth combined with supply growth, and repeat growth, makes for pretty good formula, where if you modestly increase each part of that formulae you can get into pretty good room night volume. So we are constructive on conversion. Obviously, the shift to mobile continues pretty quickly on a global basis, so thats a headwind. And also, the shift internationally for us, in general our domestic brands convert at higher rates because we have a higher percentage of repeat customers than our international brand. So the shift to mobile and the shift to international points of sale, especially APAC is a conversion headwind. But when you reverse those trends out or you look on a same kind of store basis conversion trends in general are looking good. And we think that we can kind of continue on the test-and-learn path that weve had for many years. And kind of get going on the same formula that carried us here over the last four to five years. As far as TripAdvisor goes just its very, very early. Weve ramped up on TripAdvisor. Id say the volumes and the impressions are relatively limited at this point for various reasons. So we are not going to have exposure to call it a 100% of the TripAdvisor Instant Book audience that will be substantially less than that. So at this point, its not a significant factor for us, but its a positive factor in our volumes early on. And we hope to build on those volumes as the years progress.
Mark Okerstrom: And as a reminder, as TripAdvisor was rolling out Instant Book and we were not a participant, the headwind was between 100 and 300 basis points on room night growth. So you can think about that as the possible maximum opportunity on a go-forward basis, should we have full participation, which we are not doing right now.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yeah. We are not going to have full participation this year or next year.
Paul Bieber: Okay. Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies.
Alex Giaimo: Hey, guys. This is Alex Giaimo on for Brian. Thanks for taking my question. Can you just give us a little color on your cloud migration efforts; maybe just how much of your operations are moving to the cloud and how far into the process are we? And then maybe if you could some color on the specific cloud providers youre using? Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as cloud migration efforts go, were Id say early to midstream. They are parts of your stack that you can easily take to the cloud and we certainly done that this year. The teams have worked very, very hard to re-factor the code and architecture to make that possible. One of the issues as far as cloud migration goes is to make sure that the applications that you take to the cloud arent particularly chatty with your mainline data centers. The big cost becomes the transfer cost of data between your cloud centers and your mainline data centers. So we are migrating keeping that in mind. The teams are really doing a good job of taking parts of the code-base to the cloud, then optimizing them from a cost basis, and then continue to take other parts of the codes to the cloud. The significant increase in movement to the cloud reflects at least the plans for us to lift a significant part of our lodging search stack onto the cloud. Our significant cloud provider is AWS at this point. Although we are looking at making sure that we have not - on overall dependence on one player. So as you can imagine with the volumes that we are running at right now, we have quite a few people kind of calling us and offering their services. And well determine whether we take them up or not. But right now, the AWS team has been really terrific as far as their partnership goes, the engineering teams are working really well together. And I think that over a period of time, this year we will shift pretty significant parts of our throughput to the cloud. Mark indicated the estimate for how much we are going to take to the cloud. These are estimate to this point and we may wind up being successful on taking a higher portion of our code-base onto the cloud or we may not be successful. And at this point, this is a pretty speculative effort, but we just want to give you as much - kind of as much of a look ahead as we can. And well update you on a quarterly basis as to how we are doing. But this is unquestionably a really, really good efforts by our engineers and we think its going to result in a consumer experience thats going to be substantially better.
Alex Giaimo: Great. Very helpful. Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Youre welcome. Next question.
Operator: Douglas Anmuth with JPMorgan.
Douglas Anmuth: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Two things. First, Mark, I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about the margin trajectory for HomeAway. And particularly you talked about the substantial investments in 2017. Can you just give us some more color on where those dollars are going to go, and then obviously kind of how you come out of that into 2018, as you work toward that $350 million? And then, Dara, just to go back to your comment on Trip Instant Book, just curious when you talked not being a full participation this year, or it sounds like in 2018, and I guess its maybe a little bit surprising to maybe just wondering why thats the case? Thanks.
Mark Okerstrom: Hey, Doug. So in terms of the margin trajectory for HomeAway, I would expect margins to essentially start to contract in 2017 and then rebound in 2018. In other words, I wouldnt draw a straight line between 2016 adjusted EBITDA, and the $350 million that we laid out. We will be making some significant investments in 2017, which will ultimately then annualize in 2018. The investments are predominantly going into technology and product as well as sales and marketing. And you started to see a little bit of that impact in Q4, and thats just going to get even heavier as we move through 2017.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think on HomeAway too, when you look at our seasonality, as you know a significant amount of our stays happened in Q3 over the summer period. And I think for HomeAway, you are going to see it be even more concentrated in Q3. So the expenses and the negatives on subscription revenue kind of hit us consistently on a quarterly basis, and that the significant offset the positives on the stays are really going to be focused on Q3. So I think Q1 and Q2 are going to see some margin pressure. And then Q3, we will see a very significant payoff on the investments that we are making there. As far as our Instant Book participation goes, we are testing and learning. Its early results are good. As far as our ability to participate and the volumes there, and I think youll have to ask that question to the TripAdvisor team.
Douglas Anmuth: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Dara Khosrowshahi: You bet. Next question.
Operator: Jed Kelly with Oppenheimer.
Jed Kelly: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Can you provide a little more color on HomeAways performance marketing like what stages are we in terms of being a more of an aggressive advertiser in the U.S.? And how does that domestic progress currently compare to initiatives in other regions?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Id say that were pretty early. Weve actually brought in some excellent talents to really build up that team, some talent from within the company. And I think that HomeAway, as its transitioning from a business that whose economics were based on subscriptions and subscription renewals, and there is a certain marketing strategy to drive subscription renewals, to a business and strategy thats based on driving transactions, thats our bread and butter as it relates to our OTA brands. And we have some good talent there. We are making some investments in data infrastructure and kind of the tooling necessary to be able to do this at scale. And Id say, were pretty early in the process and we think that there is plenty of improvement ahead of us. The other factor obviously as it relates to HomeAway is that as we move the HomeAway inventory onto Hotels.com, Expedia, we think that Hotels.com, and Expedia, and Travelocitys ability to bid in these variable channels especially in the HomeAway strength inventory markets improves as well. That should happen late this year towards 2018.
Jed Kelly: Great. Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Youre welcome. Next question?
Operator: Ron Josey with JMP Securities.
Ronald Josey: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Two please. Just, Dara, can you talk a little bit more about international booking plans for this year? I think you mentioned in the past that was an investment focus for you all, and wondering how you think about jump starting growth there. And then, Mark, I think you mentioned room night on Hotels.com, Expedia, Egencia all grew faster than the 16% organic rate. Any additional color you can provide there like maybe high teens or 20% that would be helpful. Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as our international booking plans, as you can imagine with the integration of Travelocity and then Orbitz, there was just a significant amount of work done as it relates to our brands and it was work that was focused domestically. So I think in general when we look at our marketing investment plans and capital allocation plans, were certainly going to allocate some incremental capital, thats international capital. But the fundamental, call it, operating formula that we have in place isnt going to change. Its just that we have an opportunity now to focus in international markets, in growth markets, and read Europe and especially the Asia-Pacific regions as being the top two that were going to be focused on. We saw decent trends in Q4 and we expect those trends to improve as we go into 2017, based on our expectation of the teams really focusing on these markets and really executing. So its not anything substantially different other than the opportunity for the teams to really focus and work through these opportunities.
Mark Okerstrom: Ron, on the room night question, collectively the global brands grew a couple of hundred basis points faster than the rest of the portfolio. I would also just call out the room night disclosure that we gave on HomeAway. And if we had included the HomeAway numbers in our 2016 full-year results, that would add another couple of hundred basis points to the overall room night growth as well.
Ronald Josey: Got it. Thank you.
Mark Okerstrom: Youre welcome.
Operator: Next we have Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray.
Michael Olson: Hey, good afternoon. Couple of questions if I could. Just to clarify on the increased spend in 2017, outside of the cloud migration, does it essentially come down to marketing and product development spend on Expedia, Hotels.com and HomeAway? And if thats the case, how should we think about the investment youre making in 2017 relative to impact on room night growth, the organic room night growth to be able to accelerate in the year based on that investment? Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Well, to answer your first question those are the primary areas of investment, its cloud and then it is continued spend in sales and marketing, both in terms of direct sales and marketing for our Core OTA brands as well as Trivago and HomeAway. And then also with respect to our hotel market management team to continue to scale that up and be able to add new properties. In terms of the impact to room night growth, listen, this is part of the formula. Were happy with the momentum that weve got right now. And our goal is to - if we can do it, do better, but were not going to guide on the room night growth trajectory for 2017.
Mark Okerstrom: And I do want to be clear on the investments that while we continue to invest in our businesses and drive growth aggressively, we do think that were going to leverage nicely on a fixed cost base, plus sales, G&A, even R&D if you dont include cloud spend should leverage pretty nicely. Were aware that weve invested in these categories pretty aggressively. And I think that now as a business, we are in a nice position to leverage across our fixed cost base. And on sales and marketing whether leverages or deleverages is really a factor of the channels that were able to reach into, and whether theyre domestic or international or not. And if anything, we want our sales and marketing to some extent to deleverage. Because it means were able to reach into some interesting new channels. And usually interesting new channels tend to be a little less efficient than direct channels. But its a key factor in our growing our repeat base. And we think that if we can drive sales and marketing efficiently across these channels and then leverage the fixed cost base of the business we have a pretty good P&L ahead of us.
Michael Olson: Thank you.
Mark Okerstrom: Youre welcome.
Operator: Next we have Justin Post with Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post: Great. A couple questions. First on - looks like conversion rates kind of stalled out. And maybe that was due to Orbitz integration. But can you talk about your pace of conversion rate improvements? And could that pick up this year as you enter the important summer travel season? And the second things is on the cloud migration. I havent heard other companies really have to see a big expense ramp as they migrate to the cloud. Whats kind of unique about your ramp and will we see leverage in 2018? Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as conversion, we dont talk about our conversion rates too specifically, but I do think that we were pretty open about our product conversion increases that had been a part of our significant growth that weve seen for the past four to five years, not being where we want to be in the middle of the year. So as we have focused on the core product, as we put the integrations behind us, we are in general more pleased with the trends that were seeing. Theyre early trends, but you can certainly see it in the room night trends in Q4 and - or at least discussion - our early discussion about January rates. And as far as our cloud migration efforts versus other companies, I cant really speak to some of the other companies efforts. I think that many are, call it, the new generation companies, kind of startup in cloud from the very beginning. I think that we are one of the, I would say, few large-scale technology companies that is making this transition very aggressively. Thats certainly what we hear from some of the cloud vendors. So I think were little bit ahead of the pack here. And while it hurts our EBITDA as a print, so to speak, when we look at our net cash flows and when we look at kind of the long-term CapEx of the business and operating expenses of the business, we think this cloud migration is going to be very, very important for us going forward and definitely a net positive.
Justin Post: And maybe one follow-up, just think about room night growth, you talked about continued growth on Hotels.com and Expedia, and maybe slower growth on Orbitz and Travelocity and few of the other brands. Can you give us any sense of the fast growth mix versus the slower growth mix as a percent of room nights?
Mark Okerstrom: Yes. Not specifically quantitative, but yes, but the big global brands are significantly larger. And you can back in to a rough number based upon my commentary around 200 basis points of incremental growth on those global brands versus the overall portfolio.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And also keep in mind that the global brands have - are able to participate in Asia-Pacific markets, European markets that are faster growth by nature. So the regional brands are - the expectations are for them to grow to the extent that they do closer to the domestic market which is a little more mature than the international markets.
Justin Post: Thank you.
Mark Okerstrom: Welcome. Next question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs.
Heath Terry: Close enough. Can you give us a sense of the traffic dynamics at HomeAway? Some of the third-party reports are suggesting that traffic growth was negative in the fourth quarter, at least in the U.S. part of the business. I guess, first, is that accurate? And second, is there anything structurally or from a market focus perspective that explains that? And I guess, just how do you think about sort of the importance of traffic growth as youre trying to increase monetization on the platform and more of the inventories particularly potentially moving on to the Expedia platform? And then just any update on what youre seeing in the direct booking pricing efforts by the hotels?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as the traffic dynamics of HomeAway, we have been obviously measured by third party reports for many, many years. We have attempted numerous times to compare those third party reports with our internal metrics. And I think we gave up about five-and-a-half years ago. So we honestly dont pay too much attention to those third party reports, certainly within on a quarterly basis. We look at them over a long-term period. But they often disagree with our internal metrics. And I have no idea why. And we are not going to spend a bunch of time trying to figure out exactly why. What I can tell you is that our internal metrics indicate with HomeAway that traffic is up year on year. We have talked about natural search - Google natural search being a headwind in general. And its I think a lot of people have talked about that as Google kind of takes more and more of their screen space, and monetizes that screen space. And its certainly their right. But players like ourselves dont have much of a choice because of Googles market power. So that has been a negative for HomeAway. But we are able to offset that through very effective marketing on the brand side. And in general, just the better service thats attracting more people into a lodging category that in general is growing. So we are pleased with the progress of HomeAway. We always want traffic growth to accelerate. And well certainly try to make it accelerate over the next couple of years. But at this point, it is positive, and we are satisfied with the results there. And as far as the direct booking efforts by the hotel - by some of the chain hotels, no big news, I think not much significant has happened. You can certainly see from our room night volumes that our results have not been significantly affected by those efforts one way or the other. We do continue to have independent hoteliers be a higher and higher percentage of our overall bookings. We think that is healthy. And we continue to really work constructively with a lot of these hotel companies to really look at value added ways in which that we can work with them, whether it is trying to drive more direct traffics through them, as a marketing channel, whether its just to drive bookings, bookings, bookings or its actually to work with them on a more core technology basis to help them increase their effectiveness at far, far lower costs based on the investments that we are making in our global distribution stack that they can take advantage of. So I think the conversations are rich. I think things have settled down a bit. And we think that there are certainly going to be many opportunities for us going forward.
Heath Terry: Great. Thanks, Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Youre welcome. Next question.
Operator: All right, next you have Mark May with Citi.
Alan Pickerill: Mark, are you there?
Operator: Not hearing anything. Well move on to Chris Merwin with Barclays.
Christopher Merwin: Hi, thank you. So I just wanted to ask about margins a bit. On a consolidated basis it looks like youve got it to relatively flat margins this year at midpoint as you reinvest in the business. But when we think about the Core OTA business, margins had been coming down slightly in the last few years, but finished up in 2016. So how should we be thinking about the normalized margin trajectory of the Core going forward? And then just quickly for HomeAway, you reported online gross bookings of $6 billion. If we assume total are still in the $15 billion range, I guess thats about 40% in total. Where do you see that percentage going in 2017? And when maybe can we expect to see HomeAway included in room nights? Thanks.
Mark Okerstrom: Thanks, Chris. So listen, on margins, again 2016 was a bit of a noisy year, and of course with all of the integration efforts that happened with Orbitz, you had double cost the beginning of the year that that then came out. And a lot of the synergies that we ultimately got were cost synergies. So its hard to look at 2016 and draw much in terms of conclusions. What I will tell you though is that, we said this before, is we are not solving for adjusted EBITDA margins, were solving for adjusted EBITDA growth, adjusted EPS growth and free cash flow growth. And as Dara mentioned, the general theory here is that we are going to keep very, very disciplined on our fixed cost base. And then drive sales and marketing, to really drive to that last - almost last marginal dollar of variable profit. And that is the growth maximizing formula, but its not necessarily the margin maximizing formula for us. And we are really going for growth here. In terms of HomeAway room night growth trajectory, and sort of the overall opportunity. I do think that that $15 billion opportunity is - its a good proxy. We are not really thinking about it that way and then we are thinking about it as how fast can we grow the $6 billion. And we think the opportunity is pretty rich. And as Dara mentioned, were still in the early stages of getting variable marketing ramped up, not only just getting the data infrastructure and the capabilities embedded in that organization. But then, also HomeAway itself is quite early in the product innovation and test-and-learn velocity cycle that has become such a core part of our operational formula in the Core OTA business. And as they ramp up that, that should open up even more opportunities for very strong growth for them going forward. So were very optimistic of the opportunity. And again, the team is executing very well, but its quite early. In terms of room nights, we plan to beginning on our next call, disclose the quarterly room nights for HomeAway. And before that call, we will disclose the quarterly room nights for 2016 as well to see youve got the comparable periods.
Christopher Merwin: All right. Thanks.
Mark Okerstrom: Youre welcome. Next question, please.
Operator: Our next question is from Lloyd Walmsley with Deutsche Bank
Lloyd Walmsley: Thanks. Following up on that last question on the $6 billion, maybe you can give us a sense of what the growth rate was from HomeAway bookings exiting the year, and what percent are carrying a traveler fee, I guess, last year of that $6 billion? And another one if I can, can you just, I guess, give us a sense of the overall health of the travel market. It sounds like youre seeing a pretty good growth into January, but looking back to last year you had a pretty tough comp in the first quarter and had a very strong quarter despite that. So wondering if there is just anything we should keep in mind as we head into February or March from last year that was particularly strong, or you think it can - the coast is clear through the rest of the first quarter to keep these kind of January growth rates up.
Mark Okerstrom: So like the $6 billion represented 46% year-over-year growth. And then were not going to disclose the precise percentages. But generally, everything thats online has the online booking fee or the traveler fee attached to it. So its really the question around monetization. Its not around the traveler fee, but rather whether the supplier or the vacation property owner or property manager is going through - via the subscription model or whether theyre going via a commission model. In terms of comps for Q1 and how to think about it, the big thing I would call out is just the Easter comp, which it moves into Q2 this year. I would just ask you to take a look at our disclosure on the last call when it went the other way, and youd be able to get a rough idea in terms of what the sizing of that might be?
Lloyd Walmsley: Okay. Thanks guys.
Mark Okerstrom: All right. Next question, please?
Operator: Justin Patterson with Raymond James. And, sorry, he is no longer in our queue. We now have Kevin Kopelman with Cowen & Co.
Kevin Kopelman: Hey, thanks a lot. Just following up on your comment about the subscription model versus the commission model on HomeAway. Where are you there and now you see that trending? And then also on HomeAway ad spend, I think you had planned to grow that 80% in the first-half of 2016. Can you tell us where you ended up on that for 2016 and how youre thinking about the ad budget in 2017? Thanks.
Mark Okerstrom: So, Kevin, I think Im going to pass on both of those questions with apologies. But Ill give you chance to ask another one. And the reason is that we did want to give you this snapshot of a lot of extra data in my prepared remarks to give you a sort of a jumping-off point to help model. But on a go-forward basis, we continue to want to make sure that the HomeAway team has the latitude to do whats right for the business and make this transition and not be held to a bunch of metrics that we share with you all.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think the classic media training would tell you to answer the question that you want to answer. So weather here is not very good, Kevin, its rainy.
Kevin Kopelman: Yes. Okay. Well, no worries on that one, but maybe a different direction then. Orbitz was in kind of a transition year as you made some changes there at the beginning of 2016. Should we think of that as having stabilized and being more in line with your other kind of regional brands in 2017, or whats the update there? Thanks.
Mark Okerstrom: So Orbitz, theyre going to continue to have tough comps for - particularly in the first-half of 2017. As a reminder, we essentially took the first-half of 2016 to migrate the vast majority of that business to the Brand Expedia and Egencia platforms. When we did that a number of things happened. One was that we did not build all of the functionality that the Orbitz team had on the Orbitz platform, which was phenomenal functionality, into the Brand Expedia platform. There was pricing matrix and a few other features. We are building that in, but we dont have it right now. And as a result, our air volume did suffer a bit, and there was growth rates there were a bit depressed. Secondly, for both Orbitz for Business and Orbitz Partner Network, when we made the migrations there were number of partners or clients that either we decided not to migrate, because either they wanted too much customization or they werent particularly profitable or they decided not to come with us, so thats a headwind. And then thirdly, there were some brands such as HotelClub, and some points of sale for other brands such as a number of points of sale for ebookers, where we simply just did not transition them. We essentially shut them down. And so those factors mean that there are top line headwinds for Orbitz until we lap that, those migrations. And thats, probably, I think about that as a Q3 clean comp. The good news is that underlying all of that, hotel conversion rates looks solid. The teams are working hard to get the air functionality up to parity, and we continue to like the core parts of what we see.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think just adding to that, the technical capabilities of the Orbitz team of the product folks, the engineers, the marketing teams, and the data teams there have been really, really impressive. So one of the adds that, frankly, we werent counting on going into the deal was that we are getting some seriously smart people, who now are contributing to the overall ecosystem within the Brand Expedia Group. They are some of our top engineers, and especially as it relates to the air product, Orbitz, because of its historical focus on air, had been doing some things, technical things on the air-side that we are not picking up. And it will certainly help Orbitz air volumes, but its going to help all of the air volumes across our various brands. Another area where the Orbitz teams were very, very advanced was on the private label side. The private label capabilities that they had built for some of the partners were substantial and included the capability for our partners to build that functionality that the Brand Expedia platform didnt have. Weve essentially taking - we are taking a significant portion of those capabilities, building them on top of the Brand Expedia platform. And these are feature sets and benefits that are going to rollout really later this year. Its going to take some time. But were pretty optimistic about those private label capabilities and ability for us to then go and market a full service travel stack to players on a global basis, whether its banks who want to burn points, or whether its supply partners who want to sell package product. That is yet to be seen by the public. But when it comes out, its going to be a pretty dynamic [ph].
Kevin Kopelman: Thanks so much.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Youre welcome. Next question.
Operator: Brad Erickson with Pacific Crest Securities.
Brad Erickson: Thanks. So I guess with the ramp in sales and marketing spend we are seeing here with these big funnels like trivago, whats the reasonable timeframe by which those newly acquired customers can start to really affect the EBITDA line as repeat customers? And then given the step-up in the quarter in sales and marketing, what are you finding thus far in terms of repeat rates on that new traffic youve acquired relative to your historical averages? Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi: The trivago and the OTA brands are different animals. trivago is a marketing company, and often you can exactly measure whether or not a customer is a repeat customer or not. You can put cookies on someones computer, but sometimes cookies are erased. And consumers now are moving across devices much more significantly now than they ever have. So when we look at trivago business, we look at our business, our marketing efficiency in aggregate on a country-by-country basis. And this team has been doing what theyre doing for 11 years. And on a consistent basis, we see the return on advertising spend on a country-by-country basis improve over a period of time. The team keeps pushing the marketing envelope to see whether or not incremental marketing comes back with incremental revenue to the extent that we observe that it does. They will keep pushing marketing and that results in the revenue growth that you have seen, which is market-leading and truly impressive at the scale that these folks are playing at, and as a formula that really no one else is playing. And you essentially have the global television audience to work with. And at this point at least the global television audience is pretty big and as the Trivago brand improves on a local basis consistently, we see the online marketing return on investment also improve as well. So it first starts with brand, but it certainly has kind of after-effects in the other channels as well. So this is a formula thats working very well. I wouldnt put in terms of return customers. But when you look at the return on advertising spend its unmistakable that the brand is growing and it is clearly getting lots of loyal customers. We also see it on the other side as far as our being a customer of Trivago, Expedia for example bidding on Trivago. When we bid on a variable channel, we measure what percentage of customers of that variable channel we can turn into, lets say, Hotels.com repeat customer or an Expedia repeat customer. From that basis, Trivago is actually very difficult, a Trivago customer is very difficult to turn into a Hotels.com or Expedia customer, which is great for Trivago and is great for us as well. So anyway we look at it is this is a brand thats pretty sticky. And this is a brand that is clearly resonating on a global basis.
Mark Okerstrom: And then, Brad, in terms of the spend that we spoke about in Q4 and you saw the acceleration in spend there, Id say, very consistent with what weve seen historically. Again, as conversion rates improve and were back to business as usual, were seeing very similar dynamics to what we normally see.
Brad Erickson: Thats great. Thanks.
Mark Okerstrom: All right, next question, please.
Operator: Eric Sheridan with UBS.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks for taking the question. Maybe one bigger picture question for you, Dara. Weve seen - we continue to see a lot of strategic moves in the sector, lot of people are shoring up the assets, continuing to think about their asset mix on a global basis. Maybe if we can get your updated thoughts on how you think about the asset mix at Expedia, how you see the strategic landscape? And then maybe dovetailing it into a question for Mark of how it fits into the broader capital return strategy for the company? Thanks guys.
Mark Okerstrom: Sure. Listen, were very happy about our asset mix at this point. Weve got a Core OTA business that has really first rate brands that are now able to grow on a global basis organically. We have some regional brands that are driving pretty strong profitability, combination of profitability and growth as well. We have Egencia, thats getting big scale in the corporate sector. And really we dont see anyone else who is really a scale technology player in the corporate sector. And I think the Egencia team is just that. And I think youre going to see improved organic growth with that business over the next three to four years. And then we have just two very big growth opportunities ahead of ourselves as it relates to HomeAway and the alternative lodging category in Trivago, which we just spoke about. So we like our portfolio a lot. Its a combination of kind of highly profitable consistent growth businesses and then very, very big growth businesses if we execute. We will be opportunistic. Were consistently looking for our opportunity. We will certainly have deals ahead of us. But at this point, the deals are going to be driven more by opportunity rather than necessity.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And Eric, as a result of that approach, I would say that on a go-forward basis, our capital allocation strategy is broadly very consistent with what youve seen from us over the course of the last five years, which is we will opportunistically do M&A when we see attractive opportunities. But we remain over the long-term net absolute believers in this company. And we have a willingness and a desire to shrink our share count over a long period of time.
Eric Sheridan: Great. Thanks, guys.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Welcome. Next question.
Operator: Next we have Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Mahaney: Okay. I was going to limit myself to one question. Dara, the
Dara Khosrowshahi: Mark, [well take] [ph] only one.
Mark Mahaney: The publicity over the, whatever, the immigration ban, whatever you want to call it, have you seen that have any impact on travel demand, inbound outbound, into the U.S.? And then Mark, in terms of cash overseas and the ability for like some sort of loosening or repatriation regulations - Im sorry, taxes related to that cash, could that be material to Expedia in terms of how you think about dividend policy and share repurchases in the future? Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Mark, as far as the kind of current events and the volatility there, we have seen an effect on trading on a short-term basis. The weekend of the executive order, certainly we saw a negative effect on trading, election, big events usually have a negative effect on trading. We havent observed anything meaningful on a trend basis so far. Fortunately, we were frankly worried about kind of the chaos and all the volatility and uncertainty and effect that it would have on general business trends and especially travel. We havent seen any meaningful effect at this point, which is good news. Well be watching it closely.
Mark Okerstrom: And then, Mark, on cash, so we ended the year with about $1.9 billion of cash. But $1.2 of that was offshore and about just over $800 million of that we would think of it as being, call it, trapped cash. In terms of the impact of a repatriation holiday for us, I think generally wed look at that as a net positive. I dont think its necessarily a game-changer for us. However, weve been pretty effective at putting that cash to work in the form of acquisitions internationally. And when we look at the opportunities we have ahead of us and sort of the opportunistic M&A that Dara mentioned, its more likely that thats going to be outside of the U.S. than inside of the U.S. So, again, I dont think its going to be particularly material. But it could be an opportunity.
Mark Mahaney: Thank you very much.
Mark Okerstrom: Youre welcome.
Operator: Next we have Peter Stabler with Wells Fargo Security.
Robert James Coolbrith: Good afternoon. This is Rob on calling for Peter. Two questions. Now as you are couple quarters in, with best match at HomeAway, Im just wondering if you could maybe talk about runway in terms of maybe what inning youre in, in terms of improving conversion on that basis, what the response has been from consumers as well as the homeowners and managers. And then with respect to your comments, just few questions on Orbitz and the Matrix, just wondering, what kind of headwind was using Matrix to their business. And if you would add that into PFS and bring across the business more generally, what kind of a tailwind or benefit could that be to Expedias broader air business going forward? Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Robert. As far as HomeAway goes, we think that there is a significant amount of opportunity ahead of us, both in terms of best match sort, but also in terms of the site design and introducing the same pace of experimentation that we - that you see on Hotels.com or in Expedia. As you know, John Kim who ran product at Brand Expedia is now CEO of HomeAway. So we have a lot of experience there. We have ramped up very significantly our investment in products and technical capabilities there. And so, we think that were going to have much, much more experimentation both around sort, but in terms of the design of the site and the many feature sets that we are going to try on a go-forward basis both on desktop and on mobile as well. So I would say that we are in the early innings. We need to drive conversion in order to hit our targets in 2018. And at this point, we believe that we are capable of driving significant conversion increases both in 2017 and in 2018. As it relates to our homeowners, I do think that one of the clear areas of opportunity for us are to communicate more clearly with our homeowners as to why the sort is what it is. And I think that as we have moved from a subscription based sort to a conversion base sort, I think that we can more clearly communicate to our homeowners what that means to them. We are working on radically improving our homeowner tools in general, their dashboards, so that our homeowners can understand what it is that they have to do in order to improve their store position, certainly getting their inventory, instant bookable is going to help, increasing their acceptance rates is going to help, improving their pictures, descriptions et cetera is going to help as well. But we are going to lay it out for them, so that a homeowner who is making $20,000 a year knows exactly what they got to do in order to make $70,000 or $80,000 a year. Those are tools that were investing in pretty aggressively as well, and we think there is a significant amount of opportunity there. So were certainly going to drive I think a lot more homeowner satisfaction in 2017 than what they saw in 2016.
Mark Okerstrom: And then, Peter, on Orbitz, we havent broken out the specific impact of the air business. I will tell you though, on a standalone basis looking at Orbitz in 2015 versus 2016, gross bookings in total was down, call it, mid-teens on a year-on-year basis. And I would think about the air impact is being broadly consistent. But within that air impact, its not only actually just losing that functionality. Its losing the clients and customers, and shutting down the points of sale as well. So I do think it is an opportunity for us in terms of when we build that functionality in both at Orbitz and Expedia potentially seeing an uplift. But its tough to quantify at this point.
Robert James Coolbrith: Great. Thank you.
Mark Okerstrom: Youre welcome.
Operator: Our last and final question comes from Dan Wasiolek with Morningstar.
Dan Wasiolek: Thanks for taking the question, guys. Just looking at the Core OTA segment, it looks like the take-rate there, last couple of years it had been kind of in somewhat of a gradual decline. And in the last two quarters, appears to be some stabilization, even some nice tick-up this last quarter. Just wondering how I should think about that take-rate metric going forward, whether or not maybe its bottomed or if theres something to call out there, some type of positive mix-shift, either toward international boutique hotels or hotel mix? Thanks.
Mark Okerstrom: Sure. Well, there is a few things going on there. One is there is some mix shift. And its really mix shift from air to hotel. Generally speaking, our hotel business has been and we expect likely to continue to grow a little bit faster than our air business, so thats a net positive. I would also call out that over the course of the last good three years weve been in a process of resetting our hotel commission rates from a sort of higher premium price to a low base rate with then up sell opportunities and good replacement type opportunities. We are in a spot now at the end of 2016 and going into 2017, where that work is largely complete. And you started to see that the impact of that actually show up in our margins in Q3 and Q4. And the other metric where it shows up obviously is revenue per room night, and the gap between that and average daily rate. So in terms of what to expect for 2017, I think we are in a spot where we are in a much more stable environment. And I think there is opportunity absolutely for stability and revenue margins. And when you look at revenue per room night, again this quarter - past quarter it was 110 basis points of gap between revenue per room night in ADR. We, as we look out into 2017, expect it could be a little bit higher than that, as we annualized the margin reductions also from the impact of our rewards, loyalty programs, et cetera, but certainly much, much better than weve seen over the course of the last couple of years.
Dan Wasiolek: Okay. Thank you.
Mark Okerstrom: Youre welcome.
Operator: That does conclude our question-and-answer session. Ill turn the call back over to our speakers for any closing remarks.
Alan Pickerill: Thanks everybody for joining the call today. As usual, there will be a replay available shortly. Dara, any closing thoughts?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Just a big thank you to our global employee base for an improved 2016 and certainly an improve end to the year. And hopefully, we will all be alive to see the end of next year. Thank you.
Operator: Once again, that does conclude todays call. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-27 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Alan Pickerill - Expedia, Inc. Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc. Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.
Analysts: Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Tom White - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities Jed Kelly - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker) Mike J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co. Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC Perry Gold - MoffettNathanson LLC Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Ronald V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Christopher David Merwin - Barclays Capital, Inc. Justin T. Patterson - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co. LLC Conor McDade - Evercore Group LLC Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co. Dan Wasiolek - Morningstar, Inc. (Research) Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC Robert James Coolbrith - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Expedia's Q3 2016 earnings conference call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Alan Pickerill, Vice President of Investor Relations at Expedia. Please go ahead, sir.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia, Inc.: Thanks a lot. Good afternoon, everybody. Welcome to Expedia, Inc.'s financial results conference call for the third quarter ended September 30, 2016. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, Expedia's CEO and President; and Mark Okerstrom, our CFO and EVP of Operations. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, October 27, 2016, only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate or similar statements. Please refer to today's press release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You'll find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the company's IR website at ir.expediainc.com. I encourage you to periodically visit our Investor Relations site for important content, including today's earnings release. Finally, unless otherwise stated all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general administrative expense, technology and content expense, also exclude stock-based compensation and depreciation expense, and all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2015. With that, let me turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Thanks, Alan. Financial results for the quarter were solid with gross bookings up 21%, revenue up 33%, and adjusted EBITDA 42% year on year. Now that the Orbitz migration is largely complete, the focus of our core OTA segment has been squarely back-to-business as usual. As we mentioned on our last call, we weren't satisfied with our hotel volumes in Q2 and the teams have now been laser-focused on driving core execution, product and conversion improvements, online and offline marketing and expansion of our supply footprint, all to drive stronger transactional growth. While you don't see the results yet in our Q3 stays, booked to room night trends consistently improved throughout the quarter, especially with our global brands Brand Expedia, Hotels.com, and EAN [Expedia Affiliate Network], our private label business. Our regionally-focused brands, however, are managing marketing spend more with an eye towards near-term profitability versus top-line growth. While it's very early in Q4, October volumes continue to be healthy and it feels good to be back to our operational formula. Egencia is on track to deliver solid year of growth in profitability as it continues to gain share under the managed corporate travel market, innovate and complete key technology projects to set the stage for its next phase of growth. Egencia has set an internal target to double its gross bookings by 2020 through organic as well as inorganic growth, and is positioning itself as the most business traveler and project-centric company in corporate travel. We remain very optimistic about the prospects for substantial share gains for Egencia for many years to come. Team trivago continues to gain share. Q3 revenue growth came in at a very strong 57% year over year, accelerating from an already strong Q2. While year-on-year profitability improved. trivago has seen healthy growth in all regions including its core European markets and the U.S., while reinvesting profits to scale up in major travel markets such as South Korea, Japan, and others. Regarding the potential IPO for trivago, we're not going to be commenting on this call beyond our prior public statements and we do not have any updated information to share on timing. The HomeAway transition continues to progress nicely with standalone revenue up 1% year-on-year and traveler's service fee now rolled out globally. A special thanks to Co-Founder, Brian Sharples, who recently stepped away from his role as CEO, while remaining Chairman of HomeAway to continue to help us navigate through a complex transformation. Brian and team created a terrific company that we plan to build on with long-time Expedia executive, John Kim, who has been at HomeAway since early 2016, now stepping into the role of Company President. We're focused on hitting our long-term growth goals, while aggressively ramping up our investment in product, technology, marketing and customer service to build a very best marketplace for homeowners, property managers and travelers alike. And though we're pleased with the progress, we're still early in HomeAway's transition into scale global leader in the alternative accommodation market. In summary, while we're never quite satisfied, overall results were solid and Q3 was most definitely a step in the right direction for our company. Now I'll turn it over Mark.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Thanks, Dara. The adjusted EBITDA of $667 million that we delivered in Q3 was a good result and broadly in line with our expectations for the quarter. Better than expected results across most of our brands more than offset some bottom-line weakness in Brand Expedia and Hotwire. HomeAway and Orbitz continue to perform well and together delivered a solid $150 million of adjusted EBITDA in the quarter. Hotel revenue grew 15% in Q3, slightly faster than in the second quarter on room night growth of 17%. Orbitz contributed approximately 6 percentage points of room night growth for the quarter. We are pleased to exit Q3 with stayed room night growth of 20% in September, 14% excluding Orbitz. We are also pleased to see consistent acceleration in our booked room night trends each month through the quarter, with strength continuing through October to-date. Note, however, that as we improve execution, results are first being realized in the form of accelerating growth in the high-cost performance marketing channels such as metasearch and search engine marketing. We expect to invest some additional selling and marketing behind these positive trends, which could put incremental pressure on margins in the fourth quarter, a trade-up we're happy to make as we continue to rebuild momentum exiting the year. Average daily rates were up about 1% in Q3, while revenue per room night decreased by less than 2%. The gap between the two continued to narrow down to about 280 basis points compared with 440 basis points in the second quarter. Pressure on room night economics have continued to abate as we lap over previous reductions in our hotel commission rates. We saw solid unit growth in our other product lines with air tickets up 32% and rental car days up 34%. Note that Orbitz added 22 percentage points of inorganic ticket growth and 19 percentage points to rental car days in Q3. Revenue per ticket grew 15% in Q3, due in part to a one-time re-class of certain other revenue into air, favorable economics in a number of supply contracts and certain consumer fee tests. We expect revenue per ticket growth to return to a more normalized level in Q4. Our ad and media revenue grew 50% on solid performance for both trivago and our Media Solutions Group. As you look at your top-line growth expectations for Q4, please remember that we comped over the Orbitz acquisition at the end of the third quarter, and as such, all-in growth rates across our product lines will decelerate significantly beginning in Q4. Additionally, Orbitz gross bookings and revenue have been meaningfully down year over year on a standalone basis, due to our discontinuation of certain brands and site functionality, our pulling back spend in certain marketing channels with an eye to profit optimization, and some churn in Orbitz Partner Network and Orbitz for Business customers. This dynamic will put pressure on top line growth in Q4, with a more limited impact on profitability given deal synergies and Orbitz air-heavy product mix. On a standalone basis, HomeAway revenue grew 61% and adjusted EBITDA grew 85% in Q3. We were quite pleased with these results and as such continue ramping up investments in selling and marketing and in product and technology as we move forward into 2017. Looking forward, these investments combined with the phasing out of tiered subscription fees and lapping the rollout of the consumer fee next year will result in slower adjusted EBITDA growth for HomeAway beginning in Q4 compared to what you saw here in Q3. Progress to date combined with the investments we are making give us continued confidence in our ability to deliver our targeted $350 million of adjusted EBITDA at HomeAway in 2018. From an expense perspective on both an organic and all-in basis, we saw nice leverage in cost of revenue, selling and marketing people-related costs, and G&A this quarter. Note that across all expense categories, year-over-year growth was partially offset by a reduction of our incentive compensation accruals in Q3, given the relative underperformance in our core OTA business year to date. Technology and content expenses continued to grow faster than revenue due in part to the year-over-year impact of hiring of talented tech teams earlier this year and our continued employment of transitional resources in connection with the Orbitz integration. Looking forward, as we lap these additions and the remaining transitional resources roll off, on an all-in basis, we expect to see a further deceleration in the growth of technology and content expense to the high 20% to low 30% range in the fourth quarter and further deceleration as we move into 2017. I would note, however, that an additional driver to year-on-year growth in technology and content expense in the third quarter was the continuation of our cloud migration efforts. Though we plan to operate our own data center footprint for core functionality for the foreseeable future, we have initiated a companywide effort to migrate significant portions of our products and capabilities to the cloud computing environment over the next few years. The related expense for full-year 2016 will be over $30 million, of which we have recognized approximately $20 million year to date. Current estimated expenditures on cloud for 2017 are more than double current year spending. While this represents an EBITDA headwind in the near term, we absolutely believe it's the right business decision, and we expect it to be nicely free cash flow positive over the medium to long term as we significantly reduce capital expenditures and other operating costs related to our own data centers over time. Turning to our financial expectations for full-year 2016, on a consolidated basis, excluding eLong, we're currently forecasting full-year adjusted EBITDA growth approaching the midpoint of our 35% to 45% guidance range, with continued risk to the downside. We are pleased to see the improvement in recent room night growth trends and plan to invest behind it. This increase in marketing spend coupled with the book-to-stay lag may negatively impact Q4 profitability, but should set us up well as we move into 2017. We expect the relative contributions of Orbitz and HomeAway versus our organic business to be broadly consistent with our guidance last quarter, better bottom line performance from these acquisitions offsetting relative underperformance in the core business. With that, let's open it up for some questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our first question from Justin Post with Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Dara, just you've now had a chance to digest the slowdown and the issues at Expedia, anything new that you'd like to add on this quarter? It seems like it was more than just Easter and Orbitz. And maybe you could expand on what's going on and what's bringing you out. And was there a competitive shift? And then secondly, just on HomeAway, I just would like to know the consumer reaction to the addition of consumer fees, any new data on that? And how do you think about the consumer fees offsetting some of the subscription revenues as we work into next year? Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Sure. As far as the volume trends and the execution of the base business, listen, it's just good to get back to execution on the core. There were a ton of people across the company focused in on the Orbitz integration. They did a terrific job. And note that that acquisition integration came after Travelocity after Wotif. So I think the teams are  there's a bit of relief for the teams to get back to basics and get back to the business. And I think it's showing up in the numbers. You obviously don't see it in the stays because there's a book-to-stay lag, but the business has been getting consistently stronger, as we expected it to, as Q3 progressed, and early Q4 looks really good. So I think, listen, we expected it. Sometimes when you hit a speed bump, you wonder whether it's structural or whether it's temporal. I think this one is certainly proving out to be temporal. We don't take anything for granted. We are, as usual, when we accelerate into certain markets, the variable channels tend to be very fast twitch channels for us. So you may see some sales and marketing pressure on that front. And then following the variable channels, you get some of the more direct channels. And so in general, I'd say the teams are not taking anything for granted. I think that Q2 taught us a little bit of a lesson in humility that I think everyone can use once in a while. But based on what we're seeing, the formula that we've established for the past five years still works, and there's no reason why it wouldn't work on a go-forward basis, and we're certainly seeing that in the results. As far as HomeAway goes, the transactional revenue has been very strong in Q3 as we've rolled it out on a global basis and as the teams now are optimizing much more aggressively on the conversion front. And so while the transactional fee initially caused a dip in conversion, the teams there are really building out their e-commerce capabilities and muscles, and conversion is a very nice positive factor for us. Traffic continues to build, although Google free search continues to be weak. But on balance, we like what we're seeing, and you see it in the results. I think that as you move into Q4 and especially next year, you're going to see some of the subscription premium revenue that we have stopped selling start coming down. So the transactional revenue essentially has to scale up faster in order to make up for some of the subscription revenue growth coming down. It's something that we expected. And then of course some of the investments that we're making in marketing and technology, et cetera, are also going to show. So I think the team on HomeAway likes where we are, but we know that we've got a big lift ahead of us and the slope is going to get a little tougher, but I think the teams are up for it.
Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking my question.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome, next question.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Tom White with Macquarie.
Tom White - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great, thanks for taking my question. Just a clarifier on the room night trends, it sounds like things are accelerating here, but mostly in paid channels. I guess I am not sure I totally understand why the direct traffic or the direct channel is sort of lagging the faster twitch paid channels. And then just on the HomeAway performance, strong quarter on EBITDA, it was sort of in-line-ish in terms of revenue for us. So can you just remind us on that subscription revenue piece how the renewals phase sort of through the year or what percentage occur each quarter? Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Sure, Tom. So on the room night trends, basically what happens is when you start getting conversion back working, if you can imagine, everyone on your website right now has a higher probability of converting, and in the direct channel that actually provides higher conversion rates and you get one benefit of that, and you also get it from those visitors that you brought via Google or metasearch. But then with that higher conversion rate, you actually adjust your bidding algorithms to say I now expect a higher expected value from the traffic I'm getting from the variable channels on a go-forward basis. And at that point, you're basically in a spot where you can take up your bids. And it adds an accelerator, if you will, in growth for those channels. So that's basically the impact. And then when you look at the impact of profitability, when you have that type of acceleration, what happens is in the quarter, where you're actually ramping up that spend, you only actually get to recognize a portion of the revenue because not all of the stays happen in that quarter and we recognize revenue for our hotel business generally on the stay. With respect to HomeAway performance, listen, generally the subscription renewals are spread throughout the year. As a reminder, we basically eliminated the tiers last quarter, the beginning of last quarter; grandfathered in a number of the premium players. And those subscriptions that were at premium will essentially start rolling off here on a go-forward basis. And once they roll off, they will either reset at the close to $500 per year subscription or the lower price we've set for online bookable properties. And so you'll essentially see the subscription revenue start to become a more negative headwind as we move through Q4, and then Q1 and Q2, and then you'll really start to annualize it in Q3 of next year. And then as a reminder, in terms of the traveler fee rollout as you're thinking about next year, we launched the traveler fee just towards the very end of the first quarter last year in the U.S. and then Europe was towards the end of the second quarter.
Tom White - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Great, very helpful. Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome, next question, please.
Operator: Our next question comes from Naved Khan with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Hi, thanks very much, so just a couple of questions. Dara, on the test-and-learn velocity, your commentary indicates that you continued to make progress throughout last quarter and it seems like the trend continued into October. Are you at a point where you think you are back in the saddle and even with the competition or do you think you have more ground to cover there?
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Naved, I guess I'd compare us to where we were. I think that we have certainly improved, and I think the teams feel good about their execution, but we believe we that we can certainly get better. Can't really comment as to competition and what they're doing. I think that the teams feel better, but they think that they can do better.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Okay. And then just on your plans for integrating HomeAway inventory into the core Expedia. Can you talk a little bit about if you have made any progress on that front?
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: The engineering teams are hard at work doing it. As a reminder, we have tested with HomeAway previously. There's a vacation rental tab on Expedia, for example, now, but that wasn't a full integration. That was essentially a link off into HomeAway search results. And what we are talking about is a much more fundamental integrated experience where someone who comes to an Expedia or Hotels.com and is searching for hotels, depending on length of stay, depending on weekday, weekend, et cetera, they are going to get a complementary mix of hotel search results and/or vacation rental results based on a number of different presentations and logic. We expect to be piloting that experience sometime in Q4, and based on the results of those pilots, I think we will be making it a bigger part of our experience late this year and certainly going to next year. And I think it's a great benefit both for Expedia and Hotels.com consumers because they're going to get more breadth and depth of inventory in market, especially in some of the markets where HomeAway is very strong. And then I think for HomeAway, our partner is there, the homeowners, the property managers, they are going to get a significant boost of demand from these terrific travel brands, especially in urban destinations. So we think it's a win for the consumer, and it's a win for our marketplace, and we're pretty excited about the potential here.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome, next question?
Operator: Next question is from Jed Kelly with Oppenheimer.
Jed Kelly - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great, thanks for taking my question. How would you assess your international lodging supply sales force and where would you like it to be over the next 12 months to 18 months?
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Yes, listen, we've been aggressively growing our international hotel supply sales force. We grow that sales force as we build out our hotel inventory, and as those hotels start selling into a marketplace. So we're pretty disciplined about the build-out of the inventory and then the increase of our sales force. We've been consistently increasing our international sales force and coverage. There's a significant amount of increased activity now in secondary and tertiary markets that are typically markets where locals travel to, not necessarily international travelers. And our growth rates in those markets are typically in excess of our growth rates in primary markets or international destinations. And I think we're going to continue along those paths. Asia-Pacific markets are where we see the most significant growth, but we continue to make investments all over.
Jed Kelly - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome, next question?
Operator: Comes from Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray.
Mike J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hey, good afternoon. Two questions, do you think there could be any competitive dynamics impacting room night growth? I realize you just said it largely had to do with temporary issues so the answer is probably no. But maybe you could just share your latest thoughts then on brand.com, metasearch and other OTA competition. And then the second question is just are there any geographies where you are seeing particular weakness or strength right now? Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Sure. Listen, as far as other OTA or metasearch competition, I think every single call probably in the past 10 years, we've referred to competition being tough. It's nothing new in this marketplace. And I think it's led to some of the consolidation that you've seen in the market more recently. There have been some players in Europe who are going out of business. So the competition is there. It is always difficult. The competitors are always getting better. And it's not good enough for a company to get better. You have to get better faster, and I think we're on a good path now. And we expect our competitors to be as tough as they've always been. We've obviously seen some activity on the supplier brand.com front as far as some of the loyalty fares that have expanded now versus what we've seen in the past. We've measured pretty carefully our performance in, call it, brand-heavy markets versus brand-light markets. We continue not to see any measurable difference between the two. So it doesn't seem to be affecting our results. What it is doing is that it is shifting more share of our supply to the independents who're growing faster than some of these brands and also to  there are some brands who are giving us the best inventory. So in general, the players who are giving us the best inventory are growing faster in our marketplace, both in terms of direct bookings and then you would think as far as the traffic that they're acquiring. So, and that shift actually is giving us some decent margin, call it, relief versus what we've seen in the past. So you'll notice that revenue per room night trends are generally improving as the year has gone by and some of it is due to the shift. So listen, we'll be watching it very closely. We obviously want to get the best inventory from all of our partners. The brands are very, very important partners of ours, and our goal is to build our business with them, not shrink our business with them. And we're investing in a number of new interaction methodologies, technologies, to hopefully get there. As far as the markets, the destination markets, I'd say in general it was pretty solid across the board, and as we said getting better, we did see some weakness in some markets in Florida relating to the Zika virus. There could be some offset in Mexico, for example, is particularly strong as that because Miami is weak. We don't exactly know. We were pleased to see Paris starting to grow again off of what was a pretty weak base, but it's great to see Paris now in the positive. The Spain and Portugal were very strong this summer, both in terms of room nights as well as ADRs. And the UK funny enough with Brexit and the pound being weaker London and the UK as a destination has become quite strong. So, I'd say decent results and the macro environment for us remains pretty good.
Mike J. Olson - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome, next question?
Operator: We'll go next to Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies.
Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC: Thanks, guys. We imagine TV was probably particularly crowded this quarter with Olympics and with presidential races. Wanted to know what the puts and takes were and the efficacy or effectiveness of that marketing channel for you. And then a quick follow on, we wanted to ask about social and dynamic product ads for travel on Facebook. Can you give some color as to the efficacy you are seeing there?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: So, Brian, just on TV, we didn't see anything particularly remarkable. There's always something going on. I think certainly the Olympics were a factor, but not a factor for that long. So I'd say nothing particularly we'd call out as being particularly impactful for our business. Dara, do you want to take the social one?
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Yes, as far as social on the dynamic travel ads, listen, it's a very, very promising area for us. Our Facebook advertising continues to grow very significantly, and they're a terrific partner. So we're quite optimistic there. Our goal in Facebook is to really get that channel and other social channels to real scale, and what really gets us scale is when you're able to identify intent in a more accurate way. We haven't quite cracked the code there, but we're working very hard with our partners at Facebook and other social networks in order to get there. Retargeting is pretty interesting, and obviously we're investing there. Some debate as to how incremental that advertising is, but we continue to gather data, we continue to increase spend, and the goal is to really scale it to Google-like levels if we can. Next question?
Operator: We'll take our next question from Perry Gold with MoffettNathanson.
Perry Gold - MoffettNathanson LLC: Great, thanks so much for taking the question. Can you give us a little more color on what drove the revenue commission and margin upside at Orbitz? Was this mostly seasonal? And then also can you provide a little bit more color on the revenue acceleration at trivago? Which markets in particular have been the most robust? Thanks so much.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: So just on Orbitz, are you talking specifically about revenue margin improvement overall? I think  yeah, basically air ticket prices are down. And generally, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, there was some feature and functionality that we did not build on to the brand Expedia platform that Orbitz had. And that resulted in us shedding a little bit of the air volume that we would have otherwise had, and that's essentially offset by better than previous Orbitz performance in the hotel business and also the media business. And then at trivago, I think listen, trivago has had very nice results year to date and particularly in the quarter in the U.S. and their core European markets. We'd call out South Korea and Japan as particularly promising markets too. These are big markets where trivago is targeting to scale up.
Perry Gold - MoffettNathanson LLC: Fantastic, thank you.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome, next question?
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Millman with Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Thank you. My questions are on the users of your rewards programs and a breakdown between U.S. and particular countries between business and leisure, if you tend to see the users as having been existing customers of Expedia or not. Are they bringing new customers or are you seeing more hotels or air or other, anything of this sort that gives us a good feel for who and why rewards programs are working or not working.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Sure, we believe they're definitely working for us. We've got over 25 million Hotels.com rewards members, and the base is growing by over 30% a year. I believe Expedia Plus is now close to 20 million, if not over, as far as our members go. And the members, both Hotels.com and Expedia Plus as well as Orbitz Orbucks members tend to come back to us. The repeat rates are significantly higher than non-members. And the direct repeat rates or what we call organic repeat rates are significantly higher as well. So you get higher spend, and you get higher spend over more profitable channels. Now, those behaviors tend to come over the lifetime of that member. So we pay for the member acquisition and we pay for the points up front, which is a pressure on our P&L. You see some of that pressure in our revenue margins, and then we get the goodness as the member and the member base matures. The majority of our members at this point are in the U.S., but growth is very fast outside the U.S., especially in the Asia-Pacific regions. We find that our APAC customers love a great deal, and the Hotels.com rewards program and Expedia rewards program, those are great deals. The other factor that's pretty interesting now is that we are getting more and more inventory through our hotel partners that is now available for members only. So these are discounts that are available only if you sign in, so it's not a retail discount. It doesn't hurt ADR at all. But the hotels who are participating in these kinds of programs tend to gain share in our marketplace without giving up retail rate. So we think it's a win for our members and it's certainly a win for our hotel customers as well. We're in the tens of thousands of the hotels that are making these rates available, so you can imagine it's a very, very broad program, and it's attractive for our member base and it's attractive for our partners. Hopefully, that helps with your questions.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome, next question?
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ron Josey with JMP Securities.
Ronald V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC: Great, thanks for taking the question. I think you touched on this earlier, Mark or Dara. But given the recent ramp in HomeAway's EBITDA, I think it was around $77 million this quarter. Can you just remind us how that's going to trend or how you think that's going to trend in the 2018 guidance that you have, and really how you balance that margin expansion with reinvesting the profits in the marketing and overall share, which I think you are doing now? But I just want to revisit that and try to understand that a little bit better. Thanks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Sure, happy to give more color, Ron. So I think in terms of growth rates, we're looking at Q3 as a high-water mark, if you will. We're in this period where subscription revenue has not yet become a meaningful drag, and you have got very easy comps on the transactional revenue. And so you basically are dropping a lot of profit to the bottom line, and we haven't yet completely ramped up to full steam on sales and marketing, and particularly in technology and products. So those are two areas particularly where you will see us start in Q4 and then particularly in through 2017 ramp investments aggressively. 2017 I will just tell you is not a year where we will be as focused on adjusted EBITDA growth as we are in just building the capability, and that's for HomeAway specifically. And we expect that once we build up particularly the product and tech team to where the size we want it to be, we'll be able to leverage that nicely as revenue growth and ultimately marketing contribution growth continues into 2018. And again, we feel very comfortable with our $350 million adjusted EBITDA number for 2018, but the path there will be one of investment in 2017 and realization in 2018 from a bottom line perspective.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: And I think I just want to make sure that our investors understand the perspective that there are two big players in this space, and arguably a third coming with Booking.com and their activity. But the big player, Airbnb, has a private market cap of over $30 billion. And so we see this HomeAway opportunity as a very, very large opportunity, and we are going to invest behind it as that kind of an opportunity. This is not an incremental project for us. This is a big project for us. Hotel inventory is available very, very broadly all over the world. There are hundreds of agencies, travel agencies, distributors who have hotel inventory available, including these brands that have real scale. That kind of inventory, the alternative accommodations inventory is just not available as broadly. And for us to be able to build one of the count-them-in-your-hands numbers of scale players that are organizing this inventory, which is very, very attractive to consumers all over the world, it's a very big opportunity. So we're investing right behind it as such.
Ronald V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC: Thanks, guys.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome, next question?
Operator: The next question comes from Lloyd Walmsley with Deutsche Bank.
Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks, guys. Following up on HomeAway and looking higher up the funnel, is there an update you can give us on that $15 billion number of annualized bookings that HomeAway drives across online and off-line that they provided at the time of the acquisition and what traveler fee attach rate on that are you guys seeing today? And the second question if I can, when you look at Orbitz on the hotel side as you get deeper into the integration of the core properties from Orbitz on to the Expedia platform, are you guys seeing that traditional uptick in conversion rates that might allow you to step up spending in variable marketing channels around that brand? Or should we expect most of the synergy to come from the cost side there? Any color you could give would be great.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Sure, Lloyd. So on HomeAway, the $15 billion number that we quoted, we still feel comfortable with that number. To be honest, we're not too focused on looking at what the total platform derived bookings are at this point. What we're very focused on is taking the booking number that is actually happening on platform and growing it as fast as we possibly can. To do that, of course we're getting properties online and we're now well over a million properties that are online bookable. Then we're very much focused next on making sure that the online bookable listings are actually driving transactions on the platform as opposed to off the platform. And so far, results have been very good. Conversion rates are up pretty nicely year over year. Progress is pretty good. So, again, I think there is a huge opportunity here. I think the total bogey of $15 billion growing nicely because the overall market is growing nicely is absolutely out there. But the way we're getting there is just really focusing on the online piece and driving that as hard as we can. With respect to the Orbitz integration, we're definitely seeing nice conversion results on the hotel product. I think converting that into stepping up in marketing is something that we're still playing with at this point. We have got two very strong global brands in Brand Expedia and Hotels.com. These are brands that we are investing in to build really for the long-term. We think we have got a phenomenal brand also in Orbitz and in CheapTickets and in ebookers and Wotif and Travelocity. But the brands that are more regional in nature, our approach thus far has been, yes, be players in these variable marketing channels where we can, but let's be a little bit more focused on profit as opposed to top-line trend. So I think we're still evaluating our approach here. It's not set in stone. But generally, we're just being a little bit more bottom-line focused with the Orbitzes of the world versus top-line oriented.
Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great, thanks, guys.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome, next question, please?
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Merwin with Barclays.
Christopher David Merwin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right, thank you. I just had a couple. So I think last quarter you talked a bit about weakness in metasearch channels. And are you still seeing that or have you really seen improving trends there? And then also any update on partnering with Instant Book or do you feel like you are effectively driving leads through their meta product currently? And then just a second question on HomeAway. I know you are working to improve conversion there. And you feel like you are on track such that you can really ramp up spend and variable marketing there? I imagine the competition with vacation rental keywords is fairly competitive, so just curious how that was trending. Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Sure. As far as the meta channels, we have seen an improvement in the meta channels definitely. You'll see it, for example, in our numbers as far as the intercompany spend with trivago has accelerated on a year-on-year basis Q3 compared to Q2. So you could see that in our numbers. And in general, the meta channels are improving. We still think we can do better. So we're not satisfied there. As far as Instant Book goes, we continue to have constructive dialogue with TripAdvisor. No news to share at this point. I think the Instant Book marketplace in general is more mature now, the brand representation is better than it was when that product was initially introduced. So in general, we are more favorably inclined to that product now than where we were before. But we haven't crossed the finish line at this point. We'll see where we wind up in the next couple of quarters. As far as the HomeAway goes, on the conversion front, you're right, we're improving it, and we're on track. The marketing  the variable marketing channels are going to be an increasing factor, but I wouldn't call them a substantial factor at this point for HomeAway. The teams  we actually brought a very, very talented executive from Hotels.com on to the HomeAway team. He had been running Hotels.com online marketing for a while and did very, very well. And so he has now joined the HomeAway team. So I think the HomeAway team is now building the muscle. Conversion is going in the right direction, but really has to build muscle to build a very, very strong variable marketing channel and I think it's pretty early there. Also note that as we integrate the HomeAway inventory into Expedia and Hotels.com, Expedia and Hotels.com and Orbitz and Travelocity will also be able to bid more effectively for the vacation rental keywords as well. Who will be the winner, will it be more efficient for HomeAway to bid on those keywords or Hotels.com, that remains to be seen, and we will be testing and learning our way there. But I think it will be a bigger factor next year versus any time in the next couple of quarters.
Christopher David Merwin - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome, next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Patterson with Raymond James.
Justin T. Patterson - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great, thank you very much. Dara, you sound pretty confident on the re-acceleration for the fourth quarter. We have seen some of the hoteliers themselves just lower RevPAR forecasts for the fourth quarter as well as issue pretty cautious guidance for 2017. So just trying to understand how you are thinking through the macro environment at this point in time and investing in the core brand assets. And then just as a second question, mobile, earlier in the year at your Analyst Day you gave 40% of traffic as coming to you through mobile assets. One of your peers is actually approaching close to 50% of bookings through mobile. So, just trying to understand what type of trends you are seeing through mobile today. Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Sure. As far as the re-acceleration in Q4, listen, it's early. But we like the trends that we're seeing. There's no guarantee that those trends will continue, so I don't want you to take too much confidence as far as how we're doing. We're just reporting based on how we've done and what we're seeing so far. In general, as we look at the macro environment, I do think that some of the weakness that we saw as it related to our results in Q2 was self-inflicted. We were very open about that. The sites weren't as stable as they needed to be. Some of the experimentation wasn't as strong as it needed to be. So we had to get our own house in order. So I think it's difficult to compare our results and trends to macro trends because we went through a lot of change this year. We are seeing while domestic ADRs have been positive, when I look at daily, weekly ADRs, they are weakening a little bit versus where they were in Q2. So that agrees with some of the trends that we're seeing. Our package inventory is in good shape, and again hoteliers load in inventory into opaque channels such as packages and Hotwire and these member-only deals when they need a little more help and it feels like some of the hoteliers need a little more help, on the Egencia side especially domestically, we're seeing a bit of caution as far as corporate travel spend goes. We don't see it in Europe, but we see it more domestically. So I'd say that on a macro basis, we're seeing some similar signs, which is a hint of weakness. We probably don't feel it as much as some of the other folks just because this online channel is a big growing channel, and we're riding that wave, and hopefully the hotel partners who engage with us on the inventory front aggressively are going to ride that wave with us and hopefully gain some share as we gain share. Mark, do you want to talk mobile?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Sure. So, we feel pretty good about the mobile situation. 40% to 60% of traffic on our big leisure brands generally is coming from mobile. So if you were shooting for 50%, we're probably right in that zone. And then in terms of actual bookings that are happening on mobile devices, we've got certain brands, Wotif, Hotwire at times that are bumping up against mid-40%s to 50% range, Hotels.com is just behind them. And I think just the trend here is that we continue to see much faster growth in mobile than we do in desktop, not surprisingly we are seeing an increased shift of transactions and traffic to smartphone. Tablet is petering out. Mobile web is becoming more significant for us as we get much better at bidding for mobile web traffic in variable channels. So hopefully that will help you with a few of the trends that we're seeing.
Justin T. Patterson - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great, thank you, Dara. Thank you, Mark.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome, next question?
Operator: Comes from Kevin Kopelman with Cowen & Company.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks. I just had a couple of follow-ups on HomeAway to help us with the top-line modeling. I think last quarter you gave us a number of transactional booked revenue growth year over year. Could you share that with us again? And then with an increasing portion of the business being driven by transactional revenue, can you give us a sense of the run rate of online bookings that you are generating at HomeAway? Thanks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Great modeling questions. So I'll help you with a little bit of it. We're not going to disclose the online gross bookings number at this point. It is something we were thinking about disclosing in the future. We're not going to disclose it at this point. I will tell you that booked transactional revenue for the quarter was up north of 250% year over year. Again, it's pretty easy comps. So that's the number. And on a sales basis as opposed to recognized revenue, subscription revenues started to decline double digits. So I would expect that to continue and accelerate a bit as we move here into 2017.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: And then overall, our listing count continues to increase at close to 20%. So the engagement of the supplier communities, so to speak, within the HomeAway marketplace continues to be very healthy. So we're pretty happy to see that.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Yeah.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great, thanks a lot.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome, next question?
Operator: Comes from Ken Sena with Evercore ISI.
Conor McDade - Evercore Group LLC: Hey, thanks for taking the question. This is Conor on for Ken. Could you just speak a little bit about the take rate stabilization that we're starting to see in the last couple quarters? I think initially you had stated that heading into 2017, we might continue to see that, but it looks like maybe a little bit ahead of schedule there. Are you at a point where you feel you're at parity with the market rates on these things now, or should we expect that to maybe pick up again at some point in the future? Thanks.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Yes, so generally we feel like we are at parity with the competition in most every market in which we operate. We are in all markets offering a low-cost agency hotel offering, which is really at parity. And the differences I think at this point largely relate to upsell opportunities and our Expedia Traveler Preference program, which allows consumers to choose between merchant and agency and some other upsell value-added products that we are offering to our hotels. I think generally the margin story in terms of its impact on our revenue per room night is largely on track with the expectations we've set, which is that we really expect to be largely done with the big project, if you will, of rebasing margins by the end of this year. There are always tactical ups and downs that are going to happen as we move forward. So we may never be the end. We may never have complete stabilization. But we're really done with the big project by the end of this year, and then you're annualizing what we've done through the end of 2017.
Conor McDade - Evercore Group LLC: Great, thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome, next question, please?
Operator: It comes from Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great, thanks. Back on the topic of HomeAway, Mark, the reference that you made towards, I think the term that you used was you were referring to the high point of growth that we are seeing here because of the confluence of subscription and transactional revenues. I guess, one, I want to make sure that we are thinking about that the right way suggesting that the incredible 60% growth that we saw with HomeAway, we should think of that decelerating from here as those comps get more difficult. But then also to the extent you could give us a sense of what's driving that between subscription growth versus transaction growth. And then just finally what kind of adoption you're seeing from subscribers or property owners in adopting online booking and online billing as well.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Sure, so I absolutely meant to say that top line growth rates will slow down from this point forward. And really the driver here, particularly in Q4, is that the subscription revenue will start to be a drag as essentially the monetization model shifts over to either paper booking or online booking fees and also as we start to roll off some of the premium tiered subscription revenue. And then there will be additional factors that will kick in towards the end of Q1 and then again at the end of Q2 of next year as we lap over the booking fee implementation that we had this year. In terms of owners and managers adopting online bookings and online payments, listen, we're really happy with what we're seeing so far. We've got now nicely north of 1 million properties who are signed up and online bookable. A lot of them are taking advantage of the online payment platform that we've got. We're actually looking at ways that we can possibly leverage some of the payments capabilities that we have here at the mothership of Expedia, Inc., which could potentially add some more different payment options than they're offering right now. So, so far we're happy with the traction. Again, it's still early and there's lots of work to do, but so far so good.
Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great, thanks, Mark.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome, next question, please?
Operator: The next question comes from Dan Wasiolek with Morningstar.
Dan Wasiolek - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Thank you for taking the question, an intermediate term question I guess perhaps, but just wondering if you could talk a little bit about the opportunity and challenges for Expedia around artificial intelligence and virtual reality. And then if I could ask one other question. I'm wondering. You gave the month of September room nights growth rate with and without Orbitz. I was wondering if you might be able to give that September number for the previous year. Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Sure. As far as the opportunity and challenges around AI and VR, I think on the AI side, we're testing with some interesting technologies such as on the Facebook messenger side your being able to go back and forth with an AI agent so to speak to book a hotel on Expedia. It's pretty cool. You should try it out. And I think it's a very, very early iteration of what a consumer experience might look like. I personally think that the bigger  the more significant opportunity in AI near to midterm is with highly repeatable, call it simple tasks that consumers engage in. And if you combine machine learning there with identity, so for example, on Facebook Messenger, we have identity established. I think on the customer service side, you can have some pretty clean great experiences. You're being able to messenger Expedia to change my Thursday night hotel booking to Friday or cancel my San Francisco hotel booking, et cetera, without having to call someone, without having to give an itinerary number, without having to really speak to anyone, just be able to message back and forth with essentially a bot to get your customer service requests done or, for example, we're very, very  we'd love to work with our hotel partners. Right now you can message our hotels through some of our systems to be able to message a hotel and ask for late checkout or early check-in, et cetera. Those I think are experiences where AI can service you because you've got high volumes, you've got repeatable tasks that a computer can iterate against and learn from. So I think you'll see some of the sexy stuff on the booking side, and then you'll see some of the unsexy stuff on the customer service side, and we plan to experiment with both of them. On the VR side, we are testing with VR rigs as we speak. I think that the potential that we see with VR is to whet the appetite of someone looking at a destination, what experience they can have, and/or a hotelier. So we want VR to be just good enough to make you want to go there, but not good enough for you to avoid the trip. And I think we have plenty of time here.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Exactly. Dan, on the room night growth question, we're not going to answer the September, but I'll just remind you that in Q3 of 2015, organic room night growth was just about 29%. We reported 36% all in. Inorganic contributors were Brand Expedia Asia, which we had consolidated just at the end of the quarter before or two quarters before in Q1 and then Wotif as well with a very small contribution from Orbitz, which closed halfway through September.
Dan Wasiolek - Morningstar, Inc. (Research): Okay. Thanks, guys.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome, next question, please?
Operator: The next question comes from Eric Sheridan with UBS.
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks for taking the question, maybe a bigger picture one. One of the announcements that took us a little bit by surprise in the quarter was the Marriott Expedia with respect to Expedia being the technology platform partnering vacations by Marriott. Wanted to understand a little bit of the genesis of how that came to be. And, Dara, we've talked a lot over the years on these calls about the technology investments Expedia is making, about how that puts you on the front foot after a number of years to be a broader technology platform for the travel industry. Is this a forerunner for things we could see over the next couple years and how might that impact the business model? Thanks, guys.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Great question, Eric. And I'd say definitely. Listen, the platform that we build both on the Expedia side and on the Hotels.com side have the capability to be extensible. And just as we are using the Expedia platform to power the Orbitz side with different experiences, power Wotif with different experiences, we will be able to extend that capability to a Marriott vacations and other providers as well. We think that there are tons and tons of hotels out there and hotel chains out there, airlines out there, who don't necessarily  aren't necessarily able to keep investing and keep experimenting and keep optimizing leading sites that can accept payments in every single payment plan known on earth. We can do that. And we can essentially extend our platform into the travel ecosystem, which is something that we're doing. And then on the supply side, we're even tying in now supply from third parties where not only are we acquiring supply directly, but we are piping in supply from other players, and we will present the best choice for consumers based on what that best choice is, based on availability, based on pricing, et cetera. So it is a two-sided marketplace. We're very, very early in this. And then of course we've got a private label business, our EAN business that is actually one of the stars of the show. It's a business that is growing very, very quickly, especially in the Asia-Pacific markets and we're pretty optimistic about. And then lastly, Orbitz did have a very, very big private label business. It had call it more customization capability than what we had built on the Expedia side where we have taken on that team and they're a very important part of our team now and we're building up call it the more  the increased customization capability on top of the Expedia platform. So, we're investing in this area. You're not done seeing hopefully surprising announcements in the future because I think our capabilities are going to get much, much better here.
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks for the color.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome, next question?
Operator: The next question comes from Peter Stabler with Wells Fargo.
Robert James Coolbrith - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Good afternoon. This is Rob on the call for Peter. Two questions, please. First, wondering if you could provide an update on Accelerator and what you're seeing there given the current RevPAR backdrop. And then secondly on Orbitz, just wondering if you can provide a little more color on what functionality you've decided not to build into the Expedia platform going forward and just a little more color on what to expect there in Q4. Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Sure, Rob. As far as Accelerator, we're making good progress there. So Accelerator, the number of hotels that are engaging in the Accelerator product continues to increase. The bidding activity continues to increase as well. We're seeing less engagement from some of our  the big brands out there. So, smaller hotels tend to engage in Accelerator more aggressively. But we're very, very pleased with the results and every week the numbers get better. It is still a new product, and it's not, I would say, a significant driver of our overall results, but we do see it building and we're quite pleased with the early signs so far. As far as Orbitz goes and one functionality, there was a number of, call it, packages type functionality that we initially dropped off that we're going to be adding as time goes on; ebookers in Europe had certain functionality of what we call Sub Pub where we were price some airfare below pub-ish rates in order to go out and acquire customers. There was some fee technology that both Orbitz and ebookers had built, variable fees especially on the air side that we haven't carried through at this point. These are all technologies that were actually pretty interesting, but whenever you move on something from a technology side, you introduce what we call an MVP, a minimum viable product and then you build on it. So some of this functionality may make its way back, some of it is very, very cool. But we wanted to move Orbitz and e-bookers over as quickly as possible and I think the teams made the right trade off calls, and I think that they have executed quite well
Robert James Coolbrith - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great, thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that is all the time we have for questions today. I'd like to turn the call back to management for any closing remarks.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia, Inc.: Thanks, everybody, for joining us on the call today. Dara, do you have any final thoughts?
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Just thanks to the Expedia, Inc. employees for definitely a quarter that was a step in the right direction, and we all know that we're not satisfied so we've got a lot more work ahead of us. And thank you to everyone for joining the call.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Thank you.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-28 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Dara Khosrowshahi - CEO & President Mark Okerstrom - CFO & EVP, Ops Alan Pickerill - VP, IR
Analysts: Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Brian Fitzgerald - Jefferies Mike Olsen - Piper Jaffray Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Tom White - Macquarie Research Jed Kelly - Oppenheimer Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Chris Merwin - Barclays Capital Ron Josey - JMP Securities Justin Patterson - Raymond James Dan Wasiolek - Morningstar Jason Mitchell - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Company Brett Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities David Hardy - Wells Fargo Securities
Operator: Welcome to Expedia's Q2 2016 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Alan Pickerill, Vice President - Investor Relations at Expedia. Please go ahead, sir.
Alan Pickerill: Thank you and good afternoon. Welcome to Expedia Inc.'s financial results conference call for the second quarter, ended June 30, 2016. I am pleased to be joined on the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, Expedia's CEO and President; and Mark Okerstrom, our CFO and EVP of Operations. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, July 28, 2016 only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate or a similar statement. Please refer to today's press release and the Company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You will find reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release which is posted on the Company's IR website at IR.ExpediaInc.com. I would encourage you to periodically visit our Investor Relations site for important content, including today's earnings release. As a reminder, we sold our 62.4% ownership stake in eLong on May 22, 2015 which was previously a consolidated entity of Expedia, Inc. Four GAAP accounting purposes the results of eLong our included in our results through the date of the sale in order to allow investors to compare our current results on a like-for like basis with our historical results, our commentary earnings release and on this call is principally focused on our results excluding eLong which should be considered in addition to the GAAP results on a fully consolidated basis. Finally, unless otherwise stated all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense and technology content expense also exclude stock-based compensation and depreciation expense and all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2015. With that, let me turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Alan. The second quarter was one in which the strength and breadth of the Expedia, Inc. range of businesses really shone through. Trivago continued to grow scale and gain share in the global travel advertising market. The HomeAway transition and the Orbitz migration each continued to progress well and deliver ahead of plan. Egencia continue to execute on its near term objectives while remaining on track to deliver on sizable long term potential. And although we delivered nicely against our profit objectives with adjusted EBITDA of 18% to $331 million, we did see room night growth decelerate more than we're satisfied with. I'll touch on each of these factors in a bit more detail. Trivago topped $200 million in standalone revenue this quarter, for growth of 41% or 38% currency neutral. On a trailing 12-month basis, Trivago generated over $660 million of revenue and has become a leading scale player in the travel advertising space while building profitably. A little bit of perspective here. We have grown Trivago revenue nearly sixfold since 2012, when we partnered up with the founding team. And today Trivago's TTM revenue is greater and grown faster than TripAdvisor's when we spun off that company. I'm sure investors are wondering about the call arrangement that we have in place with the Trivago founders, so let me update you now. Neither Expedia nor the Trivago founders exercised their option under the open put/call window this year and we have instead agreed to explore the feasibility of an IPO of Trivago shares with the preliminary and ambitious goal of completing the IPO before year end. An IPO would allow investors to value Trivago as a separate standalone company. Note that this is an IPO and not a spinoff. Expedia does not plan to sell any of our shares in an IPO and there are no guarantees that an IPO will ultimately be pursued or be successful. The put/call window could reopen in March 2017 if an IPO is not completed by then. And due to legal limitations, our ability to comment further on an IPO or future performance is extremely limited. Therefore, we will not be updating or otherwise commenting on our outlook for Trivago for this quarter or beyond or answering related questions on the call. The HomeAway transition continues to go very well. We have now implemented the traveler service fee in all major markets, allowing us to increase investments in technology and products as well as marketing in order to build our brand globally. HomeAway Q2 revenue grew 36% year on year on a pro forma basis, driven by strength in both subscription and transactional revenue. And based on current trends, we expect revenue growth to accelerate in the second half of the year. Although this transition is not easy, we believe the pivot from pure classified advertising to a travel e-commerce business is a winning plan that will allow us to create better products for consumers and drive more bookings through our homeowner and property manager partners. In addition, as we move more of HomeAway's business to online bookable, we will be more aggressive in offering HomeAway inventory on our OTA brands which will drive even more bookings volume and will give our huge global customer base more places to stay. The Orbitz migration is running nicely ahead of planned timelines with Orbitz and CheapTickets apps as well as the e-bookers site and app now on the Expedia platform. And the migration of the Orbitz for Business clients on to the Egencia platform is complete. Although we still have some migration work to do with a number of Orbitz partner network customers, something that will continue into 2017, we're pleased that the heavy lifting of the Orbitz Worldwide integration is largely behind us. Orbitz generated a healthy $54 million in adjusted EBITDA, representing a margin of approximately 28%. Given the speed with which we have executed the integration, we're incrementally optimistic about the delivery of Orbitz-related synergies in the back half of the year. Now, the good work on the Orbitz front did, however, come at an operational cost with our room night growth decelerating more than we planned. The weight of the Orbitz book of business combined with other recent acquisitions and organic growth in our core business strained our infrastructure and affected network quality and uptime. We have addressed the vast majority of these issues and believe that they are now largely behind us. In addition, given the shift of the team's focus towards integration, our Testerman velocity was not where we wanted it to be and our conversion rate increases slowed on a year-on-year basis versus prior quarters. The result of this included a slowdown in the metasearch channel not only due to continued weakness at TripAdvisor, partially due to Instant Book, but also Trivago, where we saw our click share decrease. With the largest part of the Orbitz integration now complete, the teams are back to core execution mode with focus on regaining momentum on the conversion and marketing fronts. We're operating in a very dynamic and competitive market and are no strangers to speed bumps along the way. And we continue to expect to deliver a strong year for the Company. Now I will turn it over to Mark on the financials.
Mark Okerstrom: Thanks, Dara. The adjusted EBITDA of $331 million that we delivered in Q2 was a solid result. From a brand perspective we saw good results relative to our expectations on Hotels.com, Egencia, Expedia affiliate network and Travelocity. And as Dara mentioned, the profits delivered by the Orbitz brand so far in 2016 have been better than we had expected. The HomeAway and Trivago teams are also executing very well and delivering great results. Hotel revenue grew 14% in Q2 on room night growth of 20%. Orbitz contributed approximately 8 percentage points of room night growth for the quarter. In addition to the factors Dara described earlier, lower organic room night growth in Q2 compared to Q1 was also driven by the shift of Easter into the first quarter this year and the small impact from Leap Day in Q1 which, if normalized which have reduced room night growth in Q1 by about 3 percentage points and increased Q2 by about 1 percentage point. There have been a number of terrorist attacks in recent geographies over the past months. When isolated events occur, we historically have seen an immediate reduction in bookings and an increasing cancellations for the impacted destination. Typically, most of that demand get stubborn achieve other destinations. And over time, normal travel patterns seem to return. Though we're hopeful to see the same patterns repeat themselves, the frequency of recent events is giving us reason to be incrementally cautious. This is something that we will continue to monitor as the year progresses. Average daily rates declined less than 1% in Q2 and revenue per room night decreased by about 5 percentage points. The gap between the two narrowed in this quarter, down to 440 basis points compared to about 540 basis points in Q1. We saw continued broad strength in our other product lines with air tickets up 5% and rental car days up 36%. Note that Orbitz and 30 percentage points to take growth and 24 percentage points to rental car days in Q2. Our ad and media revenue grew 42% on solid performance for both Trivago and our Media Solutions group. From an expense perspective, setting aside the inorganic components from HomeAway and Orbitz, we saw leverage in cost of revenue again this quarter as the teams continue to drive efficiencies. You will see that the year-over-year organic growth in direct and selling and marketing expenses was lower in Q2 than in Q1, partially in conjunction with the lower topline trends with variable performance-based marketing making up a large portion of this expense category. We did, however, see an elevated face of growth in technology and content expenses, as we had expected, driven by an increase in costs to support Orbitz integration efforts and growth in the core business, accelerated hiring as we brought Orbitz team members onto our Brand Expedia team earlier this year and expenses associated with the migration of certain functionality to the cloud. We expect the growth in tech and content expense to remain elevated but to begin to moderate in the back half of year. G&A expense grew a bit faster than revenue this quarter on some discrete legal and professional fees. Note that we're expecting to see leverage in G&A expense in the back half of the year. Turning to our financial expectations for 2016, on a consolidated basis excluding eLong, we continue to expect full year adjusted EBITDA to grow 35% to 45% year-over-year. We do think that the contribution to full-year adjusted EBITDA for Orbitz and HomeAway combined will be higher than our previous expectations with the relatively lower contribution from the rest of the business. Please note, however, that we're forecasting modestly improved organic room night growths in the back half of the year and if that does not occur we would likely see full year adjusted EBITDA growth closer to the lower end of the stated range. In terms of the shape of the back half of the year I would just remind you of some discrete items that will favorably impact Q4 results. Orbitz synergies will be close to full run rate and we will get a full quarter benefit from HomeAway in the fourth quarter. We will also be comping the Paris attack, significant deal-related costs and the purchase accounting impacts of deferred revenue for both Orbitz and HomeAway. Before closing, I did want to give a bit more color regarding the buildout of our new corporate headquarters slated to take place over the next few years. In March this year we had indicated that capital outlay for the full buildout could run in a range of $1 billion to $1.2 billion. Since then we have looked more closely at the design with a focus on budget and phasing and we now believe we can have the property ready for use in 2019 for something closer to half of the previous estimate. We expect to share more details as those plans are finalized. With that let's open it up for some questions. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Naved Khan with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Naved Khan: I've got a couple of questions. So, Dara, you touched on the slowdown in the room night growth and how resources being devoted towards more rights could have contributed to that. Can you share some more details on what exactly was affected so that we can get some degree of comfort that this is more of an internal operational issue versus some competitive dynamic?
Mark Okerstrom: I'll take this one. Let me just bridge you from the Q4 organic room night growth of 24% down to 12% and give you a sense of it. First of all, at the time of our Q1 call we were expecting a deceleration of somewhere between 500 and 700 basis points. The majority of that was coming from Easter, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks. And we were also lapping over some significant ramp up in both the [indiscernible] and Travelocity businesses, Travelocity because we had taken over control of sales and marketing after the acquisition and WotIf because we had them on the platform. And then the law of large numbers, et cetera. So that was what we had expected. I mentioned in a few investor conferences in May that we had seen some slowdown and signaled that we were seeing a little bit more. And really, the majority of that incremental slowdown, we believe, is self-inflicted. There were a couple of big drivers there. One is we did have some network and infrastructure stability issues really focused in the first half of the quarter. A lot of this was driven by just organic growth in the business but also as we moved the Orbitz book of business on to our network infrastructure, it wobbled a little bit and it took us a while to get it stabilized. The good news is that it is now stabilized and the teams have done a great job getting that back on track. The second self-inflicted wound, if you will, was a decision we had made really to divert the vast majority of the Brand Expedia team, tech and product resources, towards the integration effort and to good result. We've actually got the Orbitz brands onto the Expedia platform faster than we had expected and we're seeing the financial benefit of that. The cost, however, was that our test and learn velocity, in terms of the rate at which we were testing and releasing new features, was slower on a year-on-year basis than it would have been the same time last year. And that has an effect on conversion. And when you impact your conversion, it impacts not only the transactions that are coming to you directly but also in variable channels and Dara mentioned the slowdown that we were seeing in the metasearch channel. So that was really the majority of that call it 500 to 700 basis points of incremental slowdown beyond that which we had expected. The rest of it -- it's very difficult to pinpoint. Certainly, we do remain in an intensely competitive marketplace. And any time we stop the innovation pace, we have competitors that are very quick to respond and take share. And we certainly did see that in the metasearch channels. Also, it's really hard to read the news and see what's happening in the overall geopolitical environment, particularly with the terrorist attacks and the frequency of the recent terrorist attacks in Europe. And even though we can't pinpoint an overall impact exactly on that, it wouldn't surprise us if that is having some impact as well.
Naved Khan: And then just to follow up on your answer, if I look at the room night growth by geography, it seems like the slowdown in international room nights was more pronounced. Is there anything to call out there?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. I think, in general, international points of sale have a higher concentration in the metasearch channels than the domestic points of sale, where we have bigger brand traffic. And, of course, the macro environment could be affecting international more. The last is actually a comp issue which is we had brought in or consolidated Brand Expedia, the joint venture with AirAsia last year at the same time, so you are just seeing a comp effect there.
Naved Khan: The second question I had was really around the HomeAway integration. I think, Dara, you talked about how you can start to offer up some of the HomeAway inventory into the core Expedia. Can you talk about the timing of that and when we can start to see that?
Dara Khosrowshahi: We don't have specific timing at this point on it. The real focus for HomeAway right now is to build up the online bookable muscles. And we're really, really pleased with the progress there, over 1 million online bookable listings, overall listings growing at 20% plus, actually accelerating versus how fast listings were growing there. That's the focus right now is the HomeAway team and then taking some of that revenue and reinvesting in marketing to make sure that our homeowners and property managers get plenty of traffic. We will have more to say about distribution on Expedia and Hotels.com and all of our other brands. So, stay tuned there. And I think, in general, the thing that you should look for is a much deeper integration of the HomeAway inventory onto the Expedia platforms, in general. Prior, when we worked with HomeAway as partners before, the integration was more of a link-off experience. It was a little bit of a shock for users. And this HomeAway inventory is going to be fundamental to our product on a long term basis. So we're making the kinds of investments that we have to, to make sure that the integration is perfect and our clients who are online bookable and especially instant bookable get plenty more traffic the way they want that traffic.
Operator: Next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies.
Brian Fitzgerald: I want to know if you could give us any initial back on the Facebook dynamic adds that I think Trivago is running for travel. Are they running across Facebook and Instagram? And then maybe any initial comments on your traction with the messenger bot?
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as Facebook, the dynamic ads go, we're experimenting and really starting to scale up with Facebook across our brands on a global basis. The spend there is now getting to real significance. And our engineering teams have been working with the Facebook engineering teams in a very productive way. And basically all of the brands are experimenting with Facebook and finding veins, traffic and conversion veins that are awfully interesting. So our spend is up significantly. It looks like it's working and we think that the momentum there will continue. You certainly see it in the Facebook results. As far as the Facebook messenger bot, I think it's too early to tell. It's a promising technology. I think messaging technology in general, whether on Facebook or other platforms, is something that we're quite interested in, both in terms of messaging itself and the platform and in terms of AI and machine learning that we can build in behind it to radically improve customer experience. So at this point, so far so good, but it's not something that we scaled yet.
Operator: Next will be Mike Olsen with Piper Jaffray.
Mike Olsen: In the HomeAway business, how would you describe any impact that you are seeing on looking rates as a result of the parking fee? Based on the results and the qualitative guidance you gave for HomeAway, it seems that the answer is probably minimal. And then do you believe that you are seeing any impact on either HomeAway for your core OTA business from alternative accommodation sites at this point?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I'll answer the second one first which is that the HomeAway results have been pretty great. So we expected to be bringing in a really strong company and we wrote a big check to bring in HomeAway. And I'd say so far the results have been better than expected. So I think that this alternative lodging space is -- it's just a big space. And HomeAway is benefiting from that and obviously AirBnb which is the other player in the category, is clearly benefiting from it as well. The reaction -- when we did bring in the booking fees, etc., we did see a conversion decrease initially. And the great news is that chain, the HomeAway technology team -- now they have got traffic and they are able to optimize the site in a way that they were not able to. So conversion is actually on a year on year basis, because of the optimization work, because of the feature work that the teams are embarking on. And I think that that momentum is going to continue for some period of time. When we look at HomeAway conversion versus, let's say, Hotels.com or Expedia conversion in like destinations, HomeAway conversion is far lower. So, we think we've got plenty of work to do there. And we think that we have got plenty of upside there. The other factor that we want to look at is subscription renewals and subscription renewal rates. And again, things look good there. So I think, anytime you change your model you introduced some uncertainty into the marketplace. We've had to overcommunicate to our homeowners and our workers, but I think now we're settling down and we can both build a great business together.
Operator: And the next question comes from Lloyd Walmsley with Deutsche Bank.
Lloyd Walmsley: I'm wondering if you can just attribute any of that organic slowdown in room night growth to the hotel effort at loyalty pricing discounts and the ad campaigns supporting those. Are there markets where there may not be enough independent supply to backfill and replace what the chains are doing? And as a follow-up to that, when you take a step back and look at the magnitude of some of the discounting they are doing and you listen to Marriott on their earnings call this morning talking about seeing net pressure on ADRs from what they are doing, how do you guys think this plays out? Do they keep doing this at a net loss to themselves? Or do you think, ultimately, they pull back on this? We'd love your perspective on that. Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Listen, it's very difficult for us to speculate as to what the Marriotts and the Hiltons of the world are going to do. These are really smart, big companies and they are making their own decision. I think the question that you asked about is it affecting us is clearly a question that we asked ourselves because we saw the slowdown in room nights. And we have 18,000 statisticians looking every which way at every angle to see whether it has affected us. The short answer is that we haven't seen any real correlation in our performance in chain-heavy markets versus chain-light markets. You would think that in a market that has lots of chains, you would see some conversion degradation or performance degradation to the extent that inventory quality is lessening. But we haven't seen any of that whatsoever. It may happen, it may not happen. But to date we have not seen any correlation at all. What we have seen is we have seen a shift of our bookings from some of the chains that are discounting to independents and/or chains that are not discounting. So there has been, certainly, share shift and maybe that was affecting Marriott ADRs. And the share shift actually, in an interesting way, is giving us some margin upside. So from that standpoint, that has not been bad, although we're not necessarily managing for margin. I think the other perspective as to whether they are going to continue or not is, we attract brand-agnostic travelers as far as what hotel they are staying at or what chain they are staying at. And actually like if you look at Hotels.com on a global basis, the biggest chains in the world, the largest hotel chains, get less than 0.5% of searches on the Hotels.com site. Just to make sure you understand that, someone who comes on Hotels.com, less than 0.5% of them are searching for a specific large brand out there. So these are folks who want a great hotel in Paris and it's a terrific opportunity for great hotels in Paris to stand up and to market themselves to someone who hasn't yet become loyal to a chain. And we have partners who are, at this point, standing up. The economy is a little bit weaker than it has been before.  So we're seeing some promotional activity and discount activity. And so far we're satisfied with the quality of inventory. Now, we will watch this. The big chains are marketing aggressively. So as far as competitive brand marketing activity, probably not good for us, but we haven't seen any direct effect as a result of our actions. And we will work with them because we definitely want to grow up with the chains. We think that's a positive way to grow going forward and we continue to have promising dialogue with them.
Operator: And the next question will come from Tom White with Macquarie.
Tom White: Just on your comments about the trajectory for room night growth for the balance of the year, I heard some things about you are guiding to improvements but also heard some comments around terrorism fears and the macro, so trying to reconcile those two things. And then just on Brexit and terrorism, could you just give a bit more color on what you are seeing in terms of changes in traveler behavior? Are you seeing increases in cancellation rates? Are you seeing people book travel in other areas? Any kind of color you can give there would be great.
Dara Khosrowshahi: So with respect to the trajectory for room night growth, if you look at what I said around the self-inflicted piece of what we saw in the second quarter, half of the call it's around half the 500 to 700 basis points of decel that we had not anticipated is self-inflicted. And the chunk of that is related to the network instability and infrastructure that we have now solved. So we're expecting to, through the back part of this year, work our way and claw back that piece of the business that was self-inflicted, both as network infrastructure issue, also as we ramp up test and learning velocity and get year-on-year conversion improvements back. Against that, I guess, plan, if you will, that we're executing against, things that are in our is this backdrop of just the increasing frequency of terrorism. And to put some numbers on it, historically we have seen these destinations that experience these types of terrible things drop and then they pop back in a matter of weeks if not months. But if you take France as a destination, for example which has had just a terrible go of it, room night growth pre the most recent Paris attacks was in and around the mid-20s. After the Paris attacks it settled out into low single digits. As soon as Brussels happened, it hit negative single digits. And since Nice it has been down double digits, like mid-20s. So, we have not seen the recovery in France. And so, that we're hopeful that we will see a recovery, just the pace of this has got us into uncharted territory. Now, the upside of this is that we're seeing places, particularly places in Spain, Ireland, etcetera -- we're seeing increasing volume there. Clearly, people are shifting the places that they are traveling to. But we're cautious that this could just put a negative tone just on -- overall, least European travel trends. Just to touch on Brexit quickly which was one of the other things you mentioned, the Brexit response was similar to what we see anytime we see currency moves. And it was really currency related.  As soon as the pound devalued versus the U.S. dollar, we saw bookings, particularly into London out of the U.S., increase pretty significantly. But beyond that, we haven't seen a significant impact and I think for now we're not expecting to see one.
Operator: And next question will come from Jed Kelly with Oppenheimer.
Jed Kelly: Can you discuss the mix of listings that are incurring the HomeAway traveler fee between professionally managed properties and single-owner units? And is one group outpacing the other in terms of overall bookings growth?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I'd say that in general the professional managers group is probably engaged a little more quickly. They've got a bunch of volume and they are leaning forward into the traffic growth that HomeAway is delivering now. But we continue to work with our individual owners. They are an incredibly important component of our marketplace and we see excellent progress in bringing them online and making them online bookable. So it's a process. It's a communication and education process and I would say so far, so good.
Operator: And next question will come from Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs.
Heath Terry: A couple of questions -- I realize that revenue and bookings are not directly tied together. But curious if you could give us a sense of what drove revenue performance about booking growth -- organic booking growth. Obviously there's a lot of noise about cutting commissions and other things going in the space. So, curious if -- what it was that drove that outperformance. And then on the HomeAway piece, do you have any sense of what kind of an impact, if at all, the booking fee has had on gross bookings on the site? I understand you don't report a gross bookings number for HomeAway, but if you could just quantify for us your best feeling for where that is.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Heath. So simple answer on the first question is that both HomeAway and Trivago report into revenue and not into bookings. So you've got inorganic at HomeAway dropping directly into that and then Trivago organic revenue growth, obviously very strong and after than the overall business with no bookings offset. So that's the big driver. In terms of gross bookings on the side of the impact of the booking fee, we generally are seeing very strong results there. As a reminder, we now have 1 million online bookable properties, so more transactions are coming online. Last quarter we actually ordered a book to transactional revenue number, just to give you a sense of it. And what that represented is essentially the revenue that HomeAway derives from bookings that have been online, on a booked basis. Recognition happens on stay. That number this quarter was well north of 200% year over year. So we're seeing really strong results there and we're able to actually put that increased volume and increase revenue that HomeAway has back into the business. And one of the most significant investments that HomeAway has been making is not only in product and technology to make the experience better for both owners and managers as well as consumers, but they have put a significant amount of money back into sales and marketing. In fact, the first half of this year, direct sales and marketing spend up over 80% year over year. So we're really creating this flywheel and it just seems the more volume we create, the more attractive online bookability becomes for owners and managers. And we're starting to get real traction there that we're very pleased to see.
Operator: And we have a question from Michael Millman with Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman: Following up on an earlier question, the travel industry has typically argued that people will travel, particularly for leisure, always, regardless. So the question is, is it the -- is this true? Are you seeing it? And if so, where are the people going? Or, to put it another way, who in the industry are winners currently -- which is a difficult way to think of it, but nonetheless--
Dara Khosrowshahi: What I would tell you is that this is an unusual time where uncertainty and the kind of terrorist activity that we're seeing seems to be happening at an unprecedented rate. Historically, whenever we've seen something happen locally, there has been a reaction. There have been significant cancellations and then you have a couple of weeks of call it business running below normal. And usually you see the patterns of travel work around the uncertainty or the interruption. So as an example, presently, we see Spain as a destination been incredibly strong. Why is that? It's obviously because France as a destination is weak. Turkey is weak. A bunch of other summer suns destinations that Europeans used to travel to are down. So, Spain is really strong. Now, with all the activity here, is that having an overall effect on the travel market? I can only say maybe. We don't see it in general. Historically we've seen travel grow at GDP plus 3% to 4% and we've seen online travel grow faster than that. We've got exposure to Asia in some markets which make our growth rate even significantly higher than the overall travel growth rate. And I expect more of the same. There may be a general slowdown. I wouldn't predict it because we haven't seen it before. But even if there is, we think companies like ours, companies that are strong on technology and customer and brand side, can grow through any kind of these interruptions.
Michael Millman: So bottom line is you are saying locations may change and the strong will get stronger?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Destination is destination. Mix absolutely changes. But usually the person who wants to go on a summer vacation goes on a summer vacation. If there's a general trend that I'd say is that usually when you see periods of uncertainty you see people staying closer to home. So, as opposed to going on that long trip or Americans going to Europe, they will take their summer vacation in the States, if there's any pattern to that. But we're relevant for that and I think a lot of other companies are relevant for that kind of service as well.
Michael Millman: So the biggest potential losers may well be the airlines, because--
Dara Khosrowshahi: It's tough to tell. I think right now the airline issue is more about capacity than demand, but I guess the two are certainly related.
Operator: That question will come from Chris Merwin with Barclays.
Chris Merwin: I just had a couple. Dara, you talked about filling up your ad dollars on Facebook. Can you talk a bit about how the ROIs on Facebook compared to what you are currently getting on Google, maybe just on a relative basis and how we should think about the shift in marketing spend should impact you guys from a margin perspective in the near- or long term? And then secondly, as it relates to the traveler fee rollout on HomeAway, I imagine that's still going in line with your expectations now that the pricing change has fully rolled out. But at some point, does it make sense to also include online payments as part of the lower-cost price option on HomeAway to maybe further accelerate the pace of that traveler fee rollout?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as the scaling up of ad dollars on Facebook on ROI, that's competitive information that we won't get into. But we're working with Facebook on a variable basis. We've got a bunch of data scientists looking at the return and we would not be scaling up our spend on Facebook unless it was getting us more than satisfactory results. We will look to maximize spend on an affordable basis in any variable channel which includes Google, includes meta-search and now, more and more, it's including Facebook as well. As far as the travel fee rollout in online payments, can you explain a little bit more what you are asking about?
Chris Merwin: Sure. Just to fully implement the traveler fee, I imagine a listing has to be not only online bookable but online payable. And I believe and correct me if I'm wrong, that people can pay the lower cost option at HomeAway to have their listing online bookable, but it doesn't also mandate that it's online payable which I imagine is a prerequisite for having a traveler fee.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. I think certainly, the two go together. And we're working to introduce more payment methods, online payment methods, especially on the international front -- PayPal, all kinds of credit cards, etcetera. And we're also looking to build out products like the traveler guarantee for HomeAway that incents travelers to book essentially on system because there are some bookings, obviously, that go off system which is to people talking to each other and writing a check and hoping that the check lands someplace. So we think that we can create a safe and cheap environment for consumers to come together with homeowners within the HomeAway platform and we will be looking to optimize that a go-forward basis.
Operator: Our question will come from Ron Josey with JMP Securities.
Ron Josey: I know we have talked about this a little bit. But maybe on the Orbitz integration I'm wondering, Dara, what was different with integration of Orbitz versus that of Travelocity and others you've done, in which you saw the disruption in the core business and took your eye off the test and learn thesis or really process that you've been doing for some time? Just because I was somewhat surprised to see that this quarter. And then, bigger picture, talking about HomeAway, can you talk a little bit more about where you are with adding urban inventory to the mix and when that might come into play? Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as Orbitz goes, the Orbitz integration was fundamentally different from Travelocity because, if you remember, Travelocity initially was a technology integration as it related to that asset which was owned by Sabre. So Sabre really had to work with a bunch of the -- had to deal with the headcount issues, the employee issues. And we just had to deal with the technology integration. Orbitz coming in was not only an integrating technology but also took the efforts of lots and lots of people across the company because we were essentially bringing the company in. So that's one. The second is that Orbitz is a number of brands. It's not just Orbitz, it's the EcoFirst brand and we closed down Hotel Club in Asia. We're integrating the Orbitz partner network and Orbitz for Business. So it is a substantially larger and more complex integration than the Travelocity integration. And I do think that another factor is that, listen, we brought on Travelocity. We brought on WotIf and we brought on Orbitz. I don't know what the total time between those three integrations were, but it's three integrations one after the other. And I think that probably each integration maybe not just backed by 5% or 10%. And the 5% or 10% started adding up with the last integration, the Orbitz integration, being the biggest one and the most challenging one. Super, super proud of the Company for getting it done.  We knew that it was a challenge through the second order. And we said, you know what, let's put our heads down to get it done so we can get back to core execution. And we're there. And expectations for us internally are high. We think that we're going to execute. We have before and I think we will again. As far as HomeAway inventory adding urban inventory to the mix, we're looking at adding to inventory all over. I do think that our strengths tend to be in the resource area as far as sun destinations, mountain destinations, etc. But we're adding urban listings as well. And I think that as we integrate more fundamentally with Hotels.com, Expedia, Travelocity orbitz, the pace of urban listing acquisition is going to increase.
Operator: Our next question comes from [indiscernible] with Moffat Nathanson.
Perry Gold: Are you guys seeing any early upside from your accelerator growth in this point? Is that where the information trajectory in ADR and revenue per room night growth is coming from? Thank you.
Mark Okerstrom: We're seeing upside. Again, I think it's early. There's still a lot of training to do and a lot of behavior for hoteliers to learn. But we're seeing great uptake. We have got thousands of hotels that are actively using the tool and we expect that it's going to go up significantly from there. The hotels that use that are finding exactly what they might expect which is they are getting incremental volume when they need it at an overall yield which is attractive to them. So we're very pleased with it and I think there's more to come. Not a big factor in the revenue per room night and ADR story at this point. The narrowing of the gap there is really largely due to the reasons that we predicted, is that we're getting to the end of our margin reduction strategy here and we're starting to see just better trends there. And that's something that we do expect to continue here over the next little while. And the last fact that has helped that is something that Dara mentioned which is, we're seeing a mix of our business towards independent hotels that are taking advantage of our marketplace and taking advantage of really a less attractive pricing that in many cases some of the big chain partners are providing to our consumers.
Operator: This question is from Justin Patterson with Raymond James.
Justin Patterson: In terms of just sales and marketing, that came in quite a bit better than I think we were all expecting this quarter. And you also mentioned there was some room night growth deceleration around integration efforts. But have you been able to parse out just whether or not backing off the accelerator on marketing expense slowed room night growth? And is there a trade-off between spending for growth here that we should be thinking about? And then, secondarily, on Europe you mentioned the metasearch factors being apart behind the deceleration there as well as the macro part. Is there any changes on the meta side you are perhaps contemplating, given those results?
Mark Okerstrom: Sure. So the vast majority of our direct sales and marketing is variable or performance in nature. And in a sense it's autoadjusting which is when we have lower year-on-year conversion gains, as Dara mentioned, we had seen particularly at brand Expedia, we automatically essentially adjusting pullback a little bit because we're very focused on making sure that we maintain the appropriate profitability. And, that said, those channels themselves are the least profitable channels that we have. And so when we do have a slowdown in conversion, it does translate into room night growth. And the first channels to go are the ones that are most expensive. So there's a natural offset or a natural hedge that we see in our P&L. With respect to macro and the challenge we saw in metasearch in Europe and changes, listen, I think the biggest changes that we're very focused on getting our year-on-year test and learn velocity right back up where it should be. We're hopeful that that will improve conversion rates and then we will hopefully see the exact reverse of what we saw in the second quarter which is room night growth accelerating back up and sales and marketing going back up with it, hopefully a little bit less than room nights.
Operator: The next question is from Dan Wasiolek with Morningstar.
Dan Wasiolek: Just on the HomeAway brand I was wondering if you had any thoughts on the potential impact from some cities coming out and announcing maybe stricter enforcement of home share laws and how that might impact the HomeAway brand. Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi: From a HomeAway standpoint, we tend to have a more significant portion of our business today in destinations that are not urban destinations and destinations that are mountain/beach destinations. And these are destinations that had had this business around for a long time. The majority, the vast majority of HomeAway's business are whole homes. All of HomeAway's business is whole homes. They are usually second homes and they are usually in destinations where the home rental, the seasonal home rental business has been around for a long time and is a very significant contributor to local economies, etcetera. So we're watching with interest what's going on. Every single municipality is looking at this issue in a different way. We're working closely with those municipalities. And we think, in the end, this is a product that consumers want. It attracts travelers to destinations.  Travelers bring jobs, they bring money. And we think that in working with these local municipalities ultimately we will come up with the appropriate laws to protect consumers and homeowners and the residence of those municipalities as well. This is a process that's going to take a long time. But we're in it for the long haul. And at this point, the activity that we see is affecting us less than, let's say, some of the other players out there.
Operator: And next question will come from Peter Stabler with Wells Fargo Securities.
Unidentified Analyst: This is actually Rob on the call for Peter. One question, last quarter, you noted some softness I think in the corporate travel environment, in terms of travelers trading down a bit. It seems like your Egencia business actually had a pretty nice quarter and held quite nicely in terms of bookings and revenue growth. So, just wondering if you could give us an update on trends in corporate and also what helped drive the rebound intake rates there. And then a quick follow-up on HomeAway, wondering if you might be able to give us an update on when we might begin to see some HomeAway inventory on other Expedia brand sites. Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. So in corporate travel, absolutely Egencia had a great quarter, so to the Egencia teams for good execution there. They did get a little bit of help from the Orbitz for Business integration and they actually completed the migration of those clients now, all of them, on to the Egencia platform. So that was some of what you saw in their numbers. But they did have a great organic quarter. They did, however, continue to see evidence of a trade-down activity, particularly in Europe. Volume held up nicely, but in general transaction values were down year on year. And so there's no significant change on that front.
Mark Okerstrom: And I think, just to add on Egencia, the Egencia team now -- they have completed largely there VIA acquisition in the Nordics and now Orbitz for Business as well. So they are a little mini case of what we described on the Expedia front. I think that team finally can look forward to really steering their attentions on innovating and building that company. And we're very excited about their position now competitively. We have invested in their platform, in technology. And if anything, we anticipate acceleration in growth for the Egencia brand in the back half of the year and especially going to last year. So we're pretty excited about that team, where they've got into and even more excited about where they are going. As far as HomeAway and when we might see the inventory on the core Expedia brand, no update as of now but news upcoming.
Operator: And this question is from Justin Post with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Jason Mitchell: This is Jason Mitchell here for Justin. I was just wondering if you have any kind of updates on how you are thinking about the TripAdvisor instant platform. And given all the turmoil in the travel market, have you seen any impact on your bookings through Trip? And then just a follow-up on HomeAway -- with the new pricing plan for subscriptions, do you expect it to change your mix at all of properties between subscription and pay for booking?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as TripAdvisor goes, no change as far as our view there. Obviously, we're not in instant iBook at this point. We think the product has improved as far as the brand representation of players who are working with instant book. And so we will be in dialogue with TripAdvisor when we can, although I wouldn't expect anything to happen soon. As far as the HomeAway new subscriptions and the change between PPB and subscription, I think it remains to be seen. I do think that one way or the other, more and more players are going to come online and make their listings online bookable. Whether they want to go through subscription is -- we're fairly neutral to and really we just want to make it easier for our users to become online bookable. And then, once we have become online bookable for obviously over the long term, going to see the majority of demand in that marketplace because it's clearly what our consumers want. And ultimately we think it's going to be a win-win in this marketplace when consumer expectations are met with homeowners and property managers. That's really what this model change is all about.
Operator: And our next question will come from Kevin Kopelman with Cowen & Company.
Kevin Kopelman: I wanted to ask a little bit about hotel supply growth. I think you added 25,000 hotels in the quarter. It was a very big number. Can you talk about key drivers there? Is there any seasonality? Just how we should be thinking about that, thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I told you on that one is it's business as usual as far as adding the 25,000 hotels. It's growth of about 20% on a year-on-year basis and I think that team is just getting to the rhythm. As you know, we invested in our partner service team probably around two years ago. We really started investing in the sales team. And we continue to invest in that sales team and they continue to deliver. If there's any seasonality, I would say that we try to bring on a bunch of hotels prior to the big summer season when travelers are traveling. So usually at the beginning of the year, Q1 and Q2, the team really tries to sign up as many hoteliers and partners as we can. And probably during the summer we're a little more focused on managing rates and managing inventory and managing promotions so that we can deliver as much volume to our partners as we can. But I think you should take the 25,000 as nothing unusual. It's going to be business as usual. And I think every quarter we're going to add some amount close to that number. Whether it's a little bit lower or a little bit higher is it doesn't matter. I think from a long term perspective you should look at supply addition as being a growth factor for this business. And then when we add HomeAway inventory, that will be a little bit of a boost.
Operator: And we have a question from Brett Erickson with Pacific Crest Securities.
Brett Erickson: Just a follow-up from the previous question on some of the mix shifts you talked about to the independents from larger chains. Given the way you are seeing those channels as targeted ROIs, to what degree might you pursue the independent segment more aggressively to capture outsized growth at the expense of some profitability in the future? Or is it more of a case of growth expectations kind of status quo but with an improved margin profile going forward? How should we think about that?
Dara Khosrowshahi: If our business, if the fundamentals of our business had changed as a result of what's going on with the chains, we might react. We just haven't seen any fundamental change. So chain-heavy markets, chain-light markets are really acting the same as they always have. So for us it's about rolling forward with the formula that we have in place which is adding to supply, driving conversion improvements on a site, using those conversion improvements to fund additional marketing and then keeping those new users in the marketplace through leading loyalty programs of that Hotels.com and Expedia. So we will watch it. The margin improvements are probably going to be a financial positive. But there's not really an agenda on the margin side. We're really trying to offer the best hotel at the best rate to our consumers and that's what we're solving for. Everything else flows from there. I would say that in every market we're making sure that we have a wide selection of hotels that are providing us the best inventory at the best price.  So we do look at market by market basis. Sometimes we will even look at neighborhood by neighborhood to make sure that where there are neighborhoods that are especially popular; we have a wide selection of hotels. We work with those hotels on inventory and pricing and promotion and sort, etc. And so far, the results have been good. And it's something that we will watch quite closely.
Operator: And that does conclude the question-and-answer session. I'll now turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Alan Pickerill: Okay, great. Thanks, everybody, for joining. We will look forward to talking to you again next quarter. Dara, any closing remarks?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, just that we're very, very pleased with the activity that we see across the portfolio of brands that we have. The new additions have clearly been terrific, the HomeAways, Trivagos of the world. There's a lot of really good work going across the Company. We see the competitive environment as tougher than it ever has. Integration work that we're doing clearly has had some execution challenges in the macro environment. It's a tough one, but this Company has gained share year in, year out, regardless of the environment. And I think with the strategic scope that we have now, with a scope and metasearch, alternative lodging and scale that we have with the many brands that we have within our OTA business, we're better positioned than we ever have been. So we expect excellent execution on a go-forward basis as nothing less. And I wanted to thank our employees for the great work this year and the great work coming up. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation today.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-28 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Alan Pickerill - VP, IR Dara Khosrowshahi - President & CEO Mark Okerstrom - CFO & EVP, Operations
Analysts: Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets Justin Post - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Brian Fitzgerald - Jefferies Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray Tom White - Macquarie Research Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Ken Sena - Evercore ISI Ron Josey - JMP Securities Dae Lee - JPMorgan Jed Kelly - Oppenheimer Dan Powell - Goldman Sachs Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities Kevin Kopelman - Cowen & Company Justin Patterson - Raymond James Dan Wasiolek - Morningstar Perry Gold - MoffettNathanson
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Expedia's Q1 2016 Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Alan Pickerill, Vice President Investor Relations at Expedia. Please go ahead, sir.
Alan Pickerill: Thank you and good afternoon, everybody. Welcome to Expedia's financial results conference call for the first quarter ended March 31, 2016. Pleased to be joined on the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, Expedia's CEO and President and Mark Okerstrom, our CFO and EVP Operations. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, April 28, 2016 only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate or similar statements. Please refer to today's press release and the Company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You will find reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release which is posted on the Company's IR Web site at ir.expediainc.com. I encourage you to periodically visit our Investor Relations site for important content including today's earnings release. As a reminder, we sold our 62.4% ownership stake in eLong on May 22, 2015 which was previously a consolidated entity of Expedia, Inc. For GAAP accounting purposes the results of eLong are included in our results through the date of the sale. In order to allow investors to compare our current results on a like-for-like basis with our historical results, our commentary in the earnings release and on this call is principally focused on our results excluding eLong which should be considered in addition to the GAAP results on a fully consolidated basis. Finally, unless otherwise stated all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense and technology and content expense also exclude stock-based compensation and depreciation expense. And all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2015. With that I would like to turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Alan. We are off to a solid start in 2016 with our financial performance coming in a bit better than expected pretty much across the board. This was underscored by continued strong momentum in the unit growth with global room nights up 37%, air tickets up 52%, car days up 48% and advertising and media revenue growing 44%. Results were strong in Q1 across all of our major brands , resulting in organic room night growth of 24%, consistent with last quarter despite about 500 basis point harder comp. Brand Expedia and Hotels.com each saw healthy room night growth across all regions with Hotels.com accelerating in Q1 versus Q4. Expedia Affiliate Network delivered room night growth above 30% for the fourth consecutive quarter, continuing to gain share versus our competition. And Egencia transaction growth accelerated in Q1 compared to Q4, although we saw signs of corporate travel spend tightening in the form of lower average booking values per transaction. Going forward through 2016, we expect overall room night growth to moderate due to harder comps and law of large numbers largely offset by decrease in headwinds on revenue per room night. The Orbitz integration is going well with Orbitz.com and CheapTickets now on the Brand Expedia platform. We are particularly pleased with hotel conversion and room night production on both Web sites, which are benefitting from the upgrade of technology platform along with a depth and breadth of our hotel inventory. We have completed the move of hotel club traffic and customers over the Hotels.com and we expect the eBookers migration to be complete this summer. Integration affords for Orbitz for Business and Orbitz Partner Network are on track that will take us through 2016 and beyond in certain cases. Today we announced some significant changes at HomeAway as we continue to accelerate the transition of our platform from advertising to transactions. In the U.S., were moving to a single and simple subscription model of $349 annual for listings that are online bookable and $409 for those that arent. This will allow us to begin to optimize the sort and the properties consumer see by matching their unique travel preferences with the right listings while driving booking volume for owner and manager communities. With booked transactional revenue up 170% year-over-year in the quarter, we took the opportunity to more than double our direct marketing investment, in order to drive more traffic to our sites and partners, while also offsetting some weakness that were seeing in Google SEL volumes for some of our brands. These model changes and marketing increases along with investments and product and technology talent, will pave the way for an improved strategic and operational footprint in the category thats becoming more and more popular with travelers all around the world. We are also seeing encouraging volume trends in the alternative lodging category for Brand Expedia and Hotels.com, which bodes well for a future state when we fully interweave supply and demand across all product categories within our global lodging marketplaces. Lastly, Trivago is off to a terrific start in 2016 with standalone revenue of 176 million, up 48% year-over-year. Trivagos core European markets grew revenue 33% on a euro-denominated basis and acceleration from 20% we saw in 2015. While the top-line for the rest of the world grew 69%. The team continues to refine and improve its marketing methods and products in a way that not only benefits advertisers but should also improve Trivago monetization margins over the long-term. Now I will turn it over to Mark on the financials.
Mark Okerstrom: Thanks Dara. We were pleased with the results for this quarter, that were a bit better than we expected. We saw solid execution across the board and also benefited from some timing differences. Easter shifted into the first quarter this year and we also deferred some marketing spend planned for Q1 into Q2. Together, we estimate these factors shifted just over $20 million of adjusted EBITDA into the first quarter from the second quarter. Organic unit growth rates across our core brands were again healthy and on a consolidated basis, the addition of Orbitz and HomeAway along with the final quarter of inorganic contribution from the consolidation of the AirAsia/Expedia joint venture boosted total growth rates. In total, excluding eLong, adjusted EBITDA was up 31% year-over-year in Q1. Orbitz and HomeAway together contributed 35% percentage points or $44 million of growth. In line with the usual seasonality of our business adjusted EBITDA for the rest of Expedia, Inc. was down 4% collectively as our brands, but marketing spend to work and incurred other variable costs to drive bookings ahead of the heavy travel season and for which revenue will be recognize in future quarters. The anticipated acceleration in the growth rate of technology and content expense did impact materialize and was also a factor impact in the bottom-line growth rate. In terms of product line performance, hotel revenue growth of 25% was driven by room night growth of 37% partially offset by decrease in revenue for room night of nearly 9%. Acquisitions added 13% percentage points of room night growth resulting in an organic growth consistent with last quarter. The gap between an ADR decline of just over 3% and the decrease in revenue per room night was about 540 basis points and consistent with that in the fourth quarter. Ongoing reductions to our contracted hotel commission rates around the world, which are aimed at expanding the breadth of our global lodging inventory and the impact of our fast growing and successful loyalty programs continued to be the main drivers here. We continue to see solid performance in both our air and car products as well. Air revenue grew 54% year-over-year and 52% volume growth. Car revenue was up 39% and 48% growth in car days partially offset by 6% decline in revenue per day. Orbitz added about 34% percentage points and 27 percentage points to air and car volume growth respectively. Added media revenue was up 44% year-over-year in Q1 driven by strong performance at Trivago and good growth from our media solutions group. Orbitz added about 4 percentage points of total ad and media revenue growth. The overall shape of our P&L this quarter was generally consistent with ongoing goal of using leverage in key expense categories to fund aggressive selling and marketing investments around the world. As I mentioned earlier, technology and content expense wasnt exception in Q1 for a quite bit faster than recent trends on an organic basis, this faster rate of organic growth was driven by Trivago or ecommerce platform group and Brand Expedia along with increased data center costs. Note that we continue to incur additional costs in our core business to support the integration of new Orbitz brands. Additionally, we were pleased to be able to fill a number of open technology rules in the core business with talented teams from Orbitz as they rolled off their Orbitz duties. This is a great outcome from a strategic and operational standpoint, but did accelerate overall hiring into Q1, which otherwise would have occurred on a more metered basis throughout the year. Note that all of these is within our previously communicated expectations throughout 2016 would likely play out and we expect to see these elevated levels of tech and content expense growth through Q3 with growth in the fourth quarter moderating. Against the backdrop of a strong start to the year, I dont want to remind you that we continue to strike a balance between delivering healthy near-term profit while also investing to position the business for continued medium and long-term growth. In that regard, when we see outperformance or windfalls either from our organic business or from acquisitions, we have a bias to reinvest at least a portion of that back into the business. This is part of the reason that we do not guide to or place undue emphasis on one specific quarters performance and this quarter is no exception. Turning to our financial expectations for 2016, we are reiterating the guidance we gave to you on our Q4 call. On a consolidated basis including all of the businesses we own today and excluding eLong. We continue to expect full year adjusted EBITDA to grow in the range of 35% to 45% year-over-year, included in that growth we continue to expect that Orbitz and HomeAway combined will deliver adjusted EBITDA of $270 million to $325 million. I would also like to remind you about the relative shape of our year. Despite a strong Q1 we do expect the vast majority of our adjusted EBITDA dollar growth will come in the back half of the year. And I would remind folks that certain tailwinds in Q1, such as the Easter shift will be headwinds for Q2. As such I would encourage you to take close look at quarterly phasing with our Q1 beat largely unchanged first half guidance and completely unchanged full year guidance in mind. The usual seasonality of the organic business will be amplified by recent acquisitions with integration and transition investments for both Orbitz and HomeAway in the first half of the year, expected to make way for synergy realization in the second half. Finally in terms of capital allocation, we are pleased to have repurchased 2.9 million shares for $312 million so far this year. We will continue to balance capital allocation between M&A, share repurchases and our dividend. Now let me hand it back to Dara for few last comments and then we will take your questions.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks Mark. Just a few closing comments to frame where we on the bigger picture before moving to Q&A, over the past several years, we position Expedia Inc. to be the most comprehensive travel distribution platform for the world was ever seen. We have organically built on unrivaled geographic reaching awareness for our flagship brands Expedia and Hotels.com. We have invested billions of dollars in our technology platforms and establish Expedia Inc. at the forefront of product and technology innovation in the travel industry. An advantage will continue to press for years to come. Like many industry disruptors, we haven't only invested to creating offering with superior price transparency selection, ease of use and value for our travelers. But we have also been systematically reducing the cost of distribution for a travel supply partners. Lastly, with addition of Trivago, Travelocity, Orbitz and most recently HomeAway, we have deployed capital to not only make ourselves strategically complete. But more important top set up the opportunity for significant shareholder value creation over the coming years. Our teams are motivated, excited and hungry and if we do our jobs, I think you will be very happy shareholders. All of us, here at Expedia are absolutely up for the challenge and the journey, we hope you are too. With that let's move to Q&A. And operator, will you remind participants how to queue up?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instruction] We will take our first question from Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Mahaney: Thanks. Hi Dara, two questions please. First, on alternative accommodations, you mentioned that as a promising growth area. If you could talk a little bit about the operational challenges that would allow -- that Expedia has to overcome. Do you think about them more as inventory, marketing, user interface? Just talk about how you break through that morass to tap into what is a large market. And secondly, you made this comment about moving away from organic search. Is that a reasonable way to think about how you are thinking about marketing in the future? It seems like what Google has done is forced people away from it. It probably plays to some of your competencies. But just talk about the balance of organic versus paid search for your business going forward? Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as alternative accommodations and the challenges there go, we are trying to actually not think too many big thoughts here. The main activity is behind HomeAway, and the HomeAway team has an incredible knowledge of the homeowners and managers and what they need and it's build up an incredible tools out there. And we want to combine that knowledge with the kind of knowledge that we have on the Hotels.com and the Expedia side as far as what travelers want. And when you combine those two you can create a pretty powerful platform. We obviously done on Expedia and Hotels.com side so we know what has to happen and right now the HomeAway team is heads down and really building up the infrastructure that you need in order to build a global transactional travel platform and it's a bunch of technical work being done, design work being done what we have done it before and actually we have -- the HomeAway opportunities is so attractive that a fair bit of talent from the Expedia teams are moved over to the HomeAway teams to help out, one and also because they see just an enormous opportunities. So that is really is just day to day execution on the HomeAway front. And I think on the Hotels and Expedia front, once we get the HomeAway inventory -- higher percentage of the HomeAway inventory, online bookable, once we feed it into Hotels.com and Expedia and Orbitz and Travelocity in an integrated manner, all signs point to that inventory producing very well. We have been adding some apartment inventory mostly in urban centers etcetera on Expedia and Hotels.com and it is producing and its producing very well and its clearly kind of inventory category that our users want. As to your search question, we are seeing some of the moves Id say broadly from Google, for example theyre adding a fourth paid search link, move a higher proportion of traffic from free to paid. Unfortunately, we are a company that has built up some pretty strong capabilities on the paid search side. So were able to kind of bring in the volume any way, it is probably a next headwinds for us on the margin side, but this is a headwind that weve been living with for a number of years and its a headwind that weve been able to grow through and so its nothing new. We seen this kind of weve heard this song before and were up for the dance.
Mark Mahaney: Thank you, Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Youre welcome, next question?
Operator: Well go next to Justin Post with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post: Two questions, maybe one for Dara. How has HomeAway gone since youve added the booking fee? How has that effected booking growth and what are you seeing there? I know you gave a metric on the call. And then maybe, Mark, you could talk about the implied margin growth in your guidance for the year with a lot of EBITDA in the back half either maybe talk about by brand or what really has to happen to make those EBITDA numbers work out? Maybe you could talk about the synergies and other things? Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. Ill start with the HomeAway. Listen, the results that weve seen, the early results of the booking fee, as you know we launch a booking fee a bit earlier than we had anticipated. The early results have an excellent and transaction booking growth is up very big 170% and that will be revenue that we recognize kind of down the pike in Q2, Q3 based on a stay. So you dont see that revenue coming yet, but were very, very optimistic conversion general has held up very well, actually better than we have plan. Listings growth is actually very healthy and certainly healthy compared to historical trends. And we are taking a very significant portion of our services, revenue and putting it either back to customer. So for example with the guarantee and we are putting in marketing money to make sure that were driving traffic growth on a global basis. So Id say at this point, while there is certainly going to be some questions from homeowners in the community et cetera, I think the HomeAway team is executing very, very well in the plan. We still have a long way to go, but so far, so good. Mark?
Mark Okerstrom: And then Justin on your question around, I think youre really getting at why they backend loading and how aggressive is the ramp. Listen, we feel pretty good about it, I mean one of the reasons we feel pretty good about it is, its largely a cost story, which is, weve got some pretty modest expectations on the top-line and the organic business comps are going to get harder there, were not expecting anything herculean. And really what were doing over the back part of this year is a couple of things. One is that, we are going to see a ramp up at HomeAway with the traveler fee and thats just going to build as the year goes on. We feel good about that, we already see progress. On Orbitz, we are getting that business onto the Expedia platform, already got Orbitz and CheapTickets on the rest will come through most of this year with the laggards. And once we get those businesses on, we can start to shave off some of the excess costs that we had in the first part of the year. So thats a cost story. And then I would also just go back and revisit, some of the one timers that we had a Q3 and then also particularly in Q4, if you recall, we had some very significant purchase accounting impacts from Orbitz we had some purchase impact from HomeAway. And then in both cases pretty significant deal and integration cost in Q3 and Q4 that just arent going to repeat themselves. So again, we feel pretty good about it. Its a cost story and we think its very much achievable.
Justin Post: Thank you.
Mark Okerstrom: Youre welcome. Next question please.
Operator: Well take our next question from Naved Khan with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Naved Khan: Yes, hi. Thanks. A couple of questions, Dara, can you, or maybe Mark can quantify it, can you just talk about Europe and any impact from the Brussels bomb and if you saw anything in your business? And then on Trivagos performance, the business [indiscernible] and the core European market accelerated. What was driving that?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. So with respect to Brussels, anything time something like this happens and we hope never to see it, but it does happen from time-to-time. We do see an impact to the precise area that was challenged. And certainly we saw that with Brussels in the form of higher cancellation rates, certainly lower bookings into that region. Because were such a big global business though, on an overall basis, there is really no meaningful impact from the Brussels attack as far as we can see. And this was very different from Paris. When the Paris attack happened what we saw was a overall tone of feat that not only hit Paris, but also hit number of other major investment centers. We didnt see a similar thing with Brussels and of course Brussels as a destination is just significantly smaller than Paris. With respect to Trivago in, sorry not as big as Paris. Yes with respect to Trivago, the business is just performing really well. One of the things to keep in mind when you are looking at the reported results is that foreign exchange is the big impact on Trivago that eased significantly this quarter. But FX neutral it did accelerate and I would just put it down to just strong execution, the business is doing well, they have been tuning their algorithms and really getting to marketplace tuned to matching what's best for the consumer with what's best to monetize for them and it's working.
Mark Okerstrom: And I think just the one possibility what we haven't exactly pulled this out. You can imagine that the core Trivago markets had much more than affect as result of the Paris attacks in Q4, which obviously we didnt feel as much this year.
Naved Khan: And then a quick follow-up, on the accelerator, can you provide us any kind of update there? How extensively it has been rolled out and what's the response that you are seeing from the hoteliers?
Mark Okerstrom: Yes, it's very early the roll out has happened on a global basis. We have got 1,000 of hotels now participating in the accelerator program and the number increases on a weekly basis. I would remind you that a hotel can't just build up with accelerator really know if they dont have high quality, if they dont have great reviews, if they dont have really good conversion. So the first that our hotel partners have to get right they experience and to have terrific converting site with terrific pictures, then really accelerator becomes available to them as a tool. But we have seen very strong engagement and it's been a positive both for our supply partners as well as our consumer, so, so far so good. But it is still early in the year.
Naved Khan: Great thanks.
Mark Okerstrom: Youre welcome, next question.
Operator: And as a reminder, please limit yourself to one question and one follow up. We will go next to Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies.
Brian Fitzgerald: Thank you. This question is around Egencia. You said -- Dara, I think you said the bookings accelerated. You cited several new agreements in the press release. Is there any inflection going on there and how do you feel about the pipeline in terms of Egencia's deals? And then also are you seeing any benefits from the integration of Orbitz Partner Network and Orbitz for Business? Is that impacting there also? And related to that, any reason why the timing or path of a business-oriented synergy realization would differ from a consumer facing segment like CheapTickets?
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as the Egencia deal, listen the Egencia team has consistently been executing and gaining share in the corporate travel marketplace over a number of years. This quarter wasnt any exception, I think that one new factor in Egencia's growth is that it is become a very, very credible choice for the largest of companies out there to use. So we have always been very strong in the small and medium business segment, that makes us quite attractive to our supply partners because a lot of let's say is the big chains and some of the Airlines have a hard time reaching into the small and medium businesses. But as Egencia has build out a more robust toolset for CFOs on the cost side, on the care side. You have some very big businesses such as P&G using its toolset. The volume goes online, consumer love it compared to the traditional players out there. And it's a win-win. It's a cost win, it's a consumer win and just kind of Egencia continues to march along. And you certainly see some of the pressure there, there has been a fair amount of them leadership turnover and some other competition and Egencia team has been together for many years and they continue to execute on a consistent basis. And I do think thats the product roadmap, the technology roadmap that Egencia looks better than it ever has and I absolutely expect the pace of innovation there to accelerate if nothing else. As far as the Orbitz for the OPN business or Orbitz for Business to be clear. Orbitz for Business is going to be a part of Egencia and we are going to be rolling over Orbitz for Business customers on to the Egencia platform throughout the year. We are off to a very, very good start there. The Orbitz partner Network business is kind of the private label business, we have got some big clients such as American Express, that group is going to go into our Brand Expedia team and our EN team or Expedia Affiliate Network based on the nature of those relationships, those integrations take longer because they are quite -- they can be much more complex and as soon as a result that integration work is going to go into kind of late this yearend and in some cases even into 2017.
Mark Okerstrom: Brian, I would just add to that, when you take Orbitz for Business out of the Egencia segment, we saw acceleration as well. So it wasnt just the inorganic impact. It was healthy across the board, both room night and ticket growth accelerates in Q4 into Q1.
Brian Fitzgerald: Thanks Mark. Thanks Dara.
Mark Okerstrom: You bet, next question.
Operator: And we will go next to Mike Olson with Piper Jeffery.
Mike Olson: Overtime, revenue generated from the HomeAway booking fee could be pretty significant, obviously. And while I'm sure some of that is going to fall to the bottom line, it sounds like you'll plow a lot of it back into the business. What are you investing that incremental revenue in? Is it primarily HomeAway marketing or does it migrate into accelerating other growth initiatives for quarter Expedia or other segments that we may not be factoring in at this point?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Id say there are three areas. One is certainly product and technology is going to take some significant investment to build out a global transactional infrastructure. Second is marketing, both on the brand marketing side, but also building out more robust variable marketing platform. Because HomeAway was, HomeAway revenue was much more based on subscriptions and to some extent not related to traffic and conversions. HomeAway couldnt bid on variable channels the way that some of our other brands can, more traffic means and higher conversion means, more transactions means, you can bid more on variable channels. HomeAway didnt have that factor and any time you bid up into variable channels typically your margins initially are lower and then you optimize to get to a higher return place. So certainly product, certainly marketing, we are going to reinvest a fair amount of the fees also to the consumer experience to make sure that theyve got a great experience, to make sure that they get the home that they expect. So Id say those are the three big factors. Another factor to be aware of, and its an announcement that we made today is on a go forward basis, we are going to simplify the subscription product, which is going to take away some of the premium tiers that we had sold previously. And thats going to be a revenue negative, which we do believe is going to be offset by transactional revenue, but we are taking some revenue out of the system, which then we have to replace through transaction.
Mike Olson: Right, makes sense. Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Youre welcome, next question?
Operator: Well go next to Tom White with Macquarie.
Tom White: Intra-quarter there was some increased I guess news or commentary from some of the large hotels about trying to drive more direct bookings and taking some steps to try and make their rooms and rates look more competitive versus what is shown on the OTA sites. And maybe just brief comments on whether you are seeing any impact or expect any impact from that on your business, and then just a clarification on the Egencia commentary, so the transaction kind of the unit growth was strong, but tightening of booking values. Im just curious how that has related to the leisure business historically? I mean is that a leading indicator ever or anything we should read into maybe what might happen in the leisure space? Thanks.
Mark Okerstrom: Yes. Let me take that one first and then Ill turn it over to Dara. So we saw strong volume growth, but we did see a reduction in average ticket prices, average daily rates. We think some of this was essentially trade down activity, particularly we saw this in Europe so people are still taking their trips they are just looking for a more cost effective way to do it. We certainly do look at the corporate travel business as a leading indicator of what is happening in the overall economy. So its something that were watching very closely. That said, we dont see any real impact of any softening of the economy in our leisure business at this point. Beyond whats happening more broadly with pricing in the market.
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as the hotel chains driving direct bookings, listen, I think it makes sense for any player out there whether an e-commerce sector or in the travel sector, to make sure that you have a balance source of traffic and revenue. It is very early at this point, but we are not seeing any significant effect on our volumes. What we are seeing is that the hoteliers who provide us with the best pricing, with the best inventory are gaining share on a relative basis in the marketplace and they gain share two ways. One just directly through bookings, and also remember that they also gain audience share, because theyre higher up in the sort order and very often consumers are kind of clicking from our results and going and checking out the hotel direct. So I think the players who are giving up the best inventory are gaining both booking share and audience share within our marketplace, our marketplace has been a marketplace that has been growing within the overall travel market, we have been gaining share for many years, I dont see that changing in the volume trends at this point, dont suggest that thats changing. So listen every player is going to make their own decision and I think that the supply partners, who are play well with us, who really provide a traffic experience for our customers over a long period of time are going to gain share in our marketplace and well build a traffic partnership together over the long-term.
Tom White: Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Youre welcome, next question?
Operator: Well go next to Lloyd Walmsley with Deutsche Bank.
Lloyd Walmsley: A couple on HomeAway, first, just it looks like some of the changes you are not going to enforce the online book ability with one of the new subscription plans. And then it looks like you are adopting almost an accelerator model for HomeAway. So hoping you can comment on the philosophy behind those two changes. And then a second question on HomeAway, if I can. Theres been some speculation in the industry that some of the changes in traffic have been the result of just SEO snafus at HomeAway blocking Google from crawling parts of the site, suggesting that when they are fixed some of the traffic could come back quickly. But wondering if you could just give us some clarity on what some of those issues might be on the SEO side, how permanent are they, internal, self-inflicted versus Google driven? Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, absolutely, as far as HomeAway and the philosophy there goes is listen we want to create a marketplace that is flexible but also provides the right incentives and what is very-very clear as it relates to our travelers is that, they want unlike online booking, so the subscription price for one of our partners, who is providing online bookings is significantly lower than someone who is not online bookable so to speak and we think that kind of provides the right incentives in order to create a healthy marketplace that works for both sides. From a philosophical standpoint we do want to build out toolsets, that allow our supply partners and this is that Expedia or Hotels.com or HomeAway to have a very low entry base price and then to be able pay when they need to the bit demand or when they want to demand, its a very flexible model, its easy to get into the marketplace and then if you want to optimize to the marketplace, you can absolutely optimize to it and those are tools that we have built that on Expedia and Hotels.com. So I think those of tools that we anticipate building out with HomeAway as well. And HomeAway being part of our family definitely gives us an advantage there because we have done it before. On the SEO side I dont want to get into too many specifics, there are some SEO effects that are structural, such as in general some of the search results being moved down the page or the free search results being moved down the page, some of the SEO results are results that we can optimize around and we can kind of build technology around but so I would say that the HomeAway team is definitely not standing still and were hoping to improve the SEO trends in the meantime though our direct traffic trends are super-super strong and the team is more than making up for it. 
Operator: We will go next to Ken Sena with Evercore.
Ken Sena: So you mentioned for HomeAway that you are doing more in the way of moving it from an ad model to something more transactional and subscription-based. We're certainly seeing through TripAdvisor and through Google where more is being done in the case of login and also assisted booking capabilities, trivago had a great performance, but could you maybe walk us through how you see that platform over time? And whether or not you might see more there too in the way of logged in and assistant booking, instant book and so forth? Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think on the trivago side, listen the trivago team is very focused on what they are good at and very focused on kind of providing the ideal hotel for the consumer in the best way and so they are, I think the core of trivago which is, find the right hotel for you at the very best price is a great, great proposition and clearly one thats working on a global basis. Trivago visits in are up 17% on a year-on-year basis, I mean the business and the brands are growing incredibly fast. With trivago team is experimenting with assisted booking capability, they are testing it in Europe, we based on the test we expect it to expand, I would say that the approach for trivago has been one in which its not about keeping the consumer on the site, its about optimizing the consumer experience based on however the consumer wants to book. If the consumer wants to stay on trivago they can, if they want to go to a partner site, if they want to go to booking.com or if they want to go Hotels.com or Expedia, they can. So its much its very consumer focused then and I really commend the trivago team to for they are always solving for the consumer first and well see how the results go there they are very data driven but we do expect this booking capability to expand on a meter basis over the year.
Ken Sena: Great and just maybe if I could, just one quick follow-up, organic room night growth for domestic and international, any chance of you providing that?
Dara Khosrowshahi: No we are not going to do that on this call. Well do whatever we have done in the past. Thanks.
Operator: We will next to Ron Josey with JMP Securities.
Ron Josey: I want to ask a little bit about Orbitz. And I think you mentioned Orbitz.com and CheapTickets have been migrated over and those sites now have 130,000 more hotels to users and you also said you were pleased with more improved conversion of hotels and room nights. So can you talk about the speed at which you saw those conversion rates improved? And I believe, just to confirm are you on schedule with the overall migration onto the Expedia platform? I know you talked about 2Q and into 2017 maybe for Orbitz for Business. But I'm asking as it relates to the synergies that you all have laid-out and I think, quote, unquote meaningfully greater than that $75 million, so one on hotel conversions on Orbitz and the second is just the timeline please. Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, so I just say that were very much on track were pleased with the conversation rates were seeing, they are definitely in line with what we were expecting there is a benefit from having more hotels absolutely but were not yet at a stop where we are really accelerating the growth of that business, thats something that is going to come over the course of the reminder of the year, because one of the challenges is we do have to get traffic growing again and we have to get that top line moving but, we are encouraged that we do have the conversion rates to actually do that. By and large, we are on schedule. In fact, Orbitz CheapTickets went over a little bit ahead income schedule, eBookers is on track. HotelClub is now, has been migrated over Hotels.com. Many of the Orbitz for business customers have been migrated and the vast majority will be migrated over by the end of this year. The remaining piece that will be working on that will stretch into 2017 will be the Orbitz Partner Network. Weve got some big partners, some great partners there that have got some unique performance and will be working on transitioning those partners or alternatively just finding the best solution for them on the hosted platforms that weve got. So all-in-all, were on track and I think again weve reiterate what we said on the synergy side 75 million was the original number, we do think weve got meaningful upside to that.
Ron Josey: Great, thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Youre welcome. Next question please.
Operator: Well go next to Douglas Anmuth with JPMorgan.
Dae Lee: Hi, this is Dae Lee in for Doug. Thank you for taking our question. My question is on TripAdvisor instant booking. Could you guys give us an update on the impact from the TripAdvisor instant booking rollout and whether you see any material change from three months ago? And then as a follow-up on trivago, you guys mentioned that with the instant booking rollout trivago is becoming a bigger channel in terms of traffic volume. Is there any update on that as well? Thank you.
Mark Okerstrom: Sure, so on trip instant book, I would say no meaningful change from our last call, we said think about it in the 100 to 200 basis points impact on room night growth still in that range to the extent that they continue to rollout globally and that other largest global OTA participate globally, it could be bigger and it could get as heavy as 200 to 300. But so far quarter-to-quarter, we havent seen a meaningful change from what we saw last quarter. As a reminder from a bottom-line perspective, no, were not expecting any meaningful impact from at all. With respect to trivago, listen, the express booking product that trivago is rolling out still very much in the early stages and we certainly like what we see and we do think its going to be a bigger channel for them in terms of volume. Its not yet at the spot where its driving a meaningful difference for trivago. The core trivago product, the meta-search product is still driving that business. And really theyre going to be a spot where they rollout instant booking at a rate that is commensurate with the consumer benefit and the advertiser benefits they see and thats going to, we expect, transpire through the rest of this year.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And I think if the question was, is trivago becoming a bigger channel for us, because of trip instant books, our getting less traffic from trip instant book? The short answer is yes, because of that and also because trivago just growing really darn fast?
Mark Okerstrom: Yes.
Dae Lee: Great, thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Next question?
Operator: Well go next to Jed Kelly with Oppenheimer.
Jed Kelly: On HomeAway, as you remove the subscription tiers, factoring in the page rankings, how do you plan to balance the individual owner being able to compete in the page ranking algorithm against the professional property managers that are using more sophisticated software and managing multiple listings?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Well, I think, listen thats a great question. And the HomeAway team is very focused on making sure that they have a marketplace that individual owners can play in, because those individual owners, those kinds of FRBO listings are the heart and soul of HomeAway. And having a marketplace, were obviously the professional PMs can operate in as well. And listen, it was true that professional PMs and individual owners were buying different tiers of subscriptions et cetera and they were figuring out ways to play in that marketplace. So I think that the rules of the marketplace are changing, they will be a bit more favorable through travelers and traveler preferences. So the owners who are updating their calendars, the owners who have great reviews, the owners who have traffic pictures and who put up pricing and are online bookable well attend to get more share in our marketplace and well make sure that were making tools available for individual owners to do it, well make sure weve got FAQs. Well make sure that were in contact with them, so that ultimately kind of the right product is showing up in front of the right customer. Its something that the HomeAway team thinks about a lot.
Jed Kelly: Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Youre welcome, next question?
Operator: Well go next to Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs.
Dan Powell: Hi, guys, this is Dan Powell on for Heath. Just a quick two-part question here, first of all, with hotels going to loyalty-based pricing discounts for direct booking, is there anything in any part of your guidance for the rest of the year that anticipates an impact from that? And then secondly, do you guys see the potential for a model where Expedia could incorporate those loyalty prices into your search results either at Expedia Brand or trivago? Thanks.
Mark Okerstrom: Yes, as far as the first part of that question is there anything in our guidance? There isnt because we havent felt any significant impact one way or the other so our guidance is obviously is consistent with where we were at the beginning of the year and we haven't seen any material impact so it remains as is. Is there potential for Expedia to incorporate those loyalty prices? I think absolutely. We have been working with a number of our partners, chains, regional chains etcetera to work on more flexible ways in which we can work with them. We're testing link offs from our site on to the direct sites of some of our chain partners. We are willing to test promotions where we are -- where we will try to sign up loyalty members for them. Listen, we are a very big new customer acquisition channel for our partners and we want to help our partners gain new customers, and we certainly want to arm them with whatever they need in order to bringing that customer, give them incredible service and then hopefully get a customer for life. Because we dont that one goes against the other necessarily you got, you got services like TripAdvisor and Trivago who are linking off for a living and are growing incredibly well and we are much more willing to be very flexible and in our business models and we're finding engagement with some players out there and I think those smart players who play with us are eventually going to gain share over the long term basis.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Dan the only other thing I would add is that you know we did mention that we are seeing some of these bigger chains that are introducing these rates loose share to independent hotels. Generally the commission rates with our independent hotels can be slightly higher the chain hotels, you know so far it looks like they're often more active participants in the accelerator program, so there could be some margin benefit if we continue to see this mix shift provided we didn't see any impact of volume which is what the case is right now.
Dan Powell: Great, thanks guys.
Dara Khosrowshahi: You're welcome, next question.
Operator: We'll go next to Peter Stabler with Wells Fargo Security.
Peter Stabler: Just a quick one on HomeAway and then a follow-up, on HomeAway you mentioned transactional booking growth up 170%, just wondering how that compares to your internal expectations. And then secondly, you mentioned 13,000 properties added to the platform, 23% growth. Could you talk about the sustainability of that growth rate in terms of adding supply? Thanks so much.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure as far as the transactional booking growth I'd say it's a bit higher than our original expectation, HomeAway is doing a bit better and we are investing a bit more aggressively. So in general like Mark said we're kind of taking the over performance and investing it back into the business and we think that's absolutely the right thing to do.
Mark Okerstrom: And the metric there is transactional revenue on a booked basis, so it takes into account both the volume and the increased monetization on those bookings just to be crystal clear.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And typically we don't recognize the revenue until the stay so there's a difference between booking and staying. And then as far as the 13,000 properties which we added to the platform, listen there are I think on trivago there are over 800,000 hotels on a global basis. We are -- we're getting close to 300,000 so I think we've got a very-very long road ahead of us here.
Peter Stabler: If I could just -- one quick follow-up, have you said what percent of properties are now online bookable in HomeAway? 
Dara Khosrowshahi: We have not said that specifically and I will tell you that we are much more focused on driving online bookings versus trying to get every single property out there online bookable at this point. You know there's always going to be a tail, we havent exactly kind of figured out a strategy, do we want to go to a 100% or do we want to go to 90%, you know what we want to do is solve for kind of the heart of the business at this point, optimize it, get it transactional, get the flywheel of higher conversion allowing you to market more, allowing you to gain more traffic. Gets that flywheel going and we're not as focused on getting every single listing out there online bookable at this point. We'll determine that over the year.
Mark Okerstrom: That is how we did see the number of online bookable properties increase very nicely and that's really the metric we're focused on along with the core metrics that Dara mentioned.
Peter Stabler: Thank you.
Mark Okerstrom: You bet, next question.
Operator:
Q - Kevin Kopelman: So, first on trivago, I think you guys had an option to increase your ownership stake in trivago. Can you give us an update on that? And then just a follow-up on HomeAway, can you give us a sense of what the dollar value of online transactions is today, either a run rate or last year or something? Thanks.
Mark Okerstrom: Sure so in trivago there is an option to increase our ownership stake, there is a window of opportunity that window is currently open and we are in discussions with the management team there. It's just an absolutely fantastic asset, it's an absolutely fantastic team and at this point we have nothing to announce there is an opportunity for us to buy more, there's also an opportunity for us to do nothing this time around and we'll see which way we go here over the course of the next couple of months. In terms of the dollar value of online transactions not a number that we're disclosing at this point.
Dara Khosrowshahi: You welcome. Next question please.
Operator: We will go next to Justin Patterson with Raymond James.
Justin Patterson: Two, please. First on HomeAway, just as we go into the summer months here, you've obviously gotten a lot of traction and getting more users to the site and have been investing aggressively here. Occupancy has been down a little bit in the hotel market. We still have low gas prices. Are you seeing any trading over to the HomeAway business now, just based off of your understanding of how that performed last year? And then secondly, this was your biggest buyback in quite some time. Could you talk about how you are thinking about capital allocation for the course of the year given the market volatility? Have you seen bid-asks come in on some of the private companies anymore? Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Just on the HomeAway side, this has been a category that has been growing for some period of time and we look at HomeAway traffic and we look at listing counts et cetera. And the growth rates there are consistent with the past or slightly stronger and in some ways is that volume that is moving from hotel for home or is that just volume moving online. My bet is that that majority of that is just offline volume moving online, thats powered our hotel listing for some period of time. And we think that this category behind where hotels were. So I think it's really the move online thats driving this business at this point. But HomeAway is young in our family and as we observe the trends over a greater period of time. And as especially as we bringing this inventory into Hotels.com and Expedia, I think we will be smarter about telling you whether there trade all happening or whether it's net new volume, it's just too early at this point.
Mark Okerstrom: And on capital allocation, listen in terms of philosophy I would say no change. We have always been buyers of our stock net, but of course we're always weighing that off versus M&A and to some extent our dividend last year obviously was a huge year on the M&A front. So we took a little bit of a break and this quarter we took the opportunity to get back into the market. And I would just say look at our past behavior excluding 2015 is a good indicator of what's to come. In terms of private companies, yes, I think there has been more reality injected into the private markets, to be honest, we were never a company that was that interested in talking to people with the lofty valuations that were flying around for a while. So we still see opportunities around. I dont think we will have a year active as last year, but we are always open for business and we on the M&A front and we like the fact that valuation seems to be coming back down closer to earth.
Justin Patterson: Great, thank you Dara, thank you Mark.
Mark Okerstrom: You welcome, next question.
Operator: And we will go next to Dan Wasiolek with Morningstar.
Dan Wasiolek: Just looking at the take rate in the core OTA business, it looks like this quarter the year-over-year declines lessened by a decent amount. Just wondering if you have any commentary or things to comment as far as the outlook for that take rate at some point maybe starting to stabilize further and potentially start to increase again on a year-over-year basis? Thank you. 
Mark Okerstrom: Yes, I think listen, there are few things that went on in the quarter I think one is that we did inject Orbitz into that core OTA segment that actually put a little bit of pressure on take rates that you back that out. Take rates are actually just slightly increased. The increase was caused by a couple of things, one is Easter shift revenue right into the quarter and there is no real bookings there and then also we saw a continuation of the mix shift into hotel away from air, again all of this excluding Orbitz. I would say I wouldnt expect a big trend there. We are hopeful that it will stabilize overtime certainly as we spoken about if you look over the next two or three years revenue for room night decline should moderate and I think that would be tailwinds for us. But I would say for 2016, there is nothing specific that I would say that it would indicate a change from what are seeing historically.
Dan Wasiolek: Okay thank you.
Mark Okerstrom: You welcome. Next question please.
Operator: And we will go next to Perry Gold with MoffettNathanson.
Perry Gold: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question and congratulations on the quarter. Are you officially reiterating the $350 million EBITDA guide for HomeAway in 2018? Does anything about your outlook change as a result of the new subscription tiers? And then also, can you provide any color on either app download trajectory by any of your brands or any update on mobile bookings or mobile revenue as a percentage of totals. Thanks so much.
Mark Okerstrom: So on HomeAway, we didnt officially reiterate but Ill right now, certainly we are happy with what we are seeing and we are seeing no reason to change that guidance. we feel good about the progress is obviously faster work ahead of us that really encouraging sign and the change in subscription revenue -- listen was always the plan that there would have to be some change there and this is certainly in line with what we have been expecting.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And as far as mobile goes -- mobile penetration across our brands continues to increase, probably last year we were talking about it doing in the 20s, now it's in the 30s we got brands like Hotwire where mobile penetration is in the 40s now. And so mobile continues to be a very, very strong growth driver for us. In general on the app side, we dont look as much on downloads anymore as we do into app transactions, if you're just driving for downloads, sometimes you're not focused on retention and retention is pretty power lever and last year was an absolutely dynamite year for us as far as growth in app production, bookings et cetera. The comps get a lot tougher this year, but app bookings continue to grow at healthy, very-very healthy rates. It's just the comps that you're going to get a little tougher. So the teams have a bit more of a challenge ahead of them to keep those growth rates going.
Operator: And there are no other questions at this time. I'd like to turn things back to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Alan Pickerill: Okay, thanks everybody for joining the call, Dara any final thoughts?
Dara Khosrowshahi: It's a good start to the year, but not a great start to the year, we got a lot of work ahead of us as a team and we're very focused. Last year was a big announcement year, this year is a big execution year and the teams are hard at work and I just want to take a moment to thank them for the work that they're putting in. It's a lot to ask and the team is coming through and thank you for that.
Operator: Thank you everyone. That does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-11 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Alan Pickerill - IR Dara Khosrowshahi - CEO Mark Okerstrom - CFO
Analysts: Justin Post - Merrill Lynch Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Tom White - Macquarie Brian Fitzgerald - Jefferies Mike Olson - Piper Jeffery Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Eric Sheridan - UBS Jet Kelly - Oppenheimer Stephen Ju - Credit Suisse Ron Josey - JMP Securities Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Peter Stabler - Wells Fargo Securities Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company Justin Patterson - Raymond James Dan Wasiolek - Morningstar
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Expedia's Q4 2015 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Alan Pickerill, Vice President Investor Relations at Expedia. Please go ahead, sir.
Alan Pickerill: Thank you good afternoon, everybody and welcome to Expedia's financial results conference call for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31st, 2015. Pleased to be joined on the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, Expedia's CEO and President and Mark Okerstrom, our CFO and EVP Operations. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, February 10, 2016 only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate or similar statements. Please refer to today's press release and the Company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You will find reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release which is posted on the Company's IR website at ir.expediainc.com. I encourage you to periodically visit our Investor Relations site for important content including today's earnings release and an updated investor deck. As a reminder, we sold our 62.4% ownership stake in eLong on May 22, 2015 which was previously a consolidated entity of Expedia, Inc. For GAAP accounting purposes the results of eLong are included in our results through the date of the sale. But in order to allow investors to compare our current results on a like-for-like basis with our historical results, our commentary in the earnings release and on this call is principally focused on our results excluding eLong which should be considered in addition to the GAAP results on a fully consolidated basis. Finally, unless otherwise stated all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense and technology and content expense also exclude stock-based compensation and depreciation expense. And all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2014. With that I would like to turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Alan. I wanted to start right upfront thanking our employees all over the world for another strong year for Expedia Inc. Mark, Allan and I get to tell you about and take pubic credit for the success of the company, but it's the amalgamation of everyone's dedication and good work that adds up to the figures that well review today. And figures tell a consistently strong story. Gross bookings for 2015, up 24% to $59.7 billion and total revenue up 19% to $6.6 billion. Our customers bought 35% more airlines tickets, 36% more room nights totaling more than $200 million for the year and 37% more car days in 2015 versus 2014. We delivered nearly $1.2 billion of adjusted EBITDA for the year, impressive in its own right, but specially so when you consider the huge headwinds from foreign currency, the significant investments we are making in resetting our contracted marketing structure with our hotel partners and the deal related costs that we incurred in connection with our busy year of M&A activity. Speaking of M&A 2015 was an unprecedented year for Expedia as we completed over $6 billion of strategic acquisitions which included Travelocity and majority stake in our AirAsia joint venture. A significant minority investment in Decolar, Orbitz Worldwide and most recently our largest acquisition ever in HomeAway.  These transactions have consolidated and scaled our U.S. operations, extended our international reach and have opened up a new leg of growth in the alternative accommodation sector. We also divested our stake in eLong for a nice profit and entered into a long-term alliance with Citra. Briefly on Orbitz the integration is progressing well with nearly all of the direct type in traffic of Orbitz.com and CheapTickets already on the brand Expedia platform. It's early but results so far are promising. The migration work will continue to the first half of 2016 followed by optimizing the sites and tuning our variable marketing channels post migration. Were also actively working on other parts of the Orbitz business, including eBookers, Hotel Club, Orbitz Partner Network and Orbitz for Business. Our goal is to migrate the vast majority of our Orbitz for Business clients onto Egencia platform before year end. Were also in active dialog with our OP [ph] and private label partners on expanding our relationship with them and we see these efforts carrying through 2016 and into 2017 for certain partners. Moving forward, were planning to invest aggressively in our private label and partnership capabilities and consider this area highly strategic for our company. Ill also add that were very pleased with talent level and execution capability of our Orbitz teams all over the world. The people and the brands weve added to our family will play an important role in our future success. Its very early, but were encouraged with HomeAways Q4 performance coming in a bit ahead of our expectations and have been consistently impressed with the level of talent there. HomeAway will be operated largely as a standalone business and will serve as the end-to-end vacation rental and a home sharing platform for Expedia, Inc. family. That said, we plan to be highly involved with the HomeAway team helping them expand aggressively and move from their traditional listings model to a fully online transaction model. The team is beginning to introduce of service fee to travelers and we expect that it will be fully launched on its U.S. vacation rental listings in the coming months slightly ahead of schedule. Around the same time, were rolling out lower supplier commissions for paper booking listings as well as a book with a confidence guarantee, which is designed to encourage travelers to book on HomeAway and give them increased piece of mind when they do. We started an integrated marketing campaign in some of our major markets and intend to reinvest incremental upside from traveler fees back into the business. Particularly in product technology and marketing, we remain confident in our estimate of 350 million in adjusted EBITDA for HomeAway in 2018. We continue to see strong growth for Trivago into Q4 and in fact for all of 2015. Weve had some investor questions in regards Trivagos core growth and profitability and wed like to share some numbers for European markets versus the rest of the world. To take out the noise created by foreign exchange fluctuations, the numbers here are stated in euro. Trivago delivered 2015 standalone revenue of roughly 490 million, up nearly 60% year-over-year with adjusted EBITDA of a few million euro. Now within these numbers, their most mature European markets collectively had revenue of over 250 million, up 20% year-over-year and with the contribution margin after direct marketing costs of about 25%. Trivagos rest of the world markets had revenue of 235 million, up nearly 130% and contribution margin just above breakeven. Know also that overhead cost for Trivago have been running in the neighborhood of 10% of revenue. While we expect Trivago to achieve healthy top and bottom-line growth in 2016, well continue to reinvest profits from core markets to further scale in expansion markets on a worldwide basis. The Trivago seems first rate and we believe that the global growth run rate for this brand continues to be substantial. Lastly, underpinning our active M&A strategy in investment in high growth businesses is a core organic business that has never been stronger. Brand Expedia, Hotels.com or Expedia Affiliate Network business all had terrific years delivering healthy room night and adjusted EBITDA growth. Egencia our corporate travel business had another excellent year, signing up over 1.1 billion of new client business and delivering 12% adjusted EBITDA growth. Supporting all of our brands, our lodging supply team is also firing on all cylinders signing up nearly 60,000 new directly contracted hotel properties in 2015, up over 30% year-on-year. Since I opened my remarks with our accomplishments of the company, Ill close with some thoughts about key challenges. Competition for consumer attention is as strong as ever, as our competitors and in some cases our partners invest and innovate aggressively. Were also jumping into the alternative accommodation space where there is already a sizeable competitor and where we have a significant business model transition to undertaken at HomeAway. And as I described, we have heavy integration work with Orbitz. These matters along with the volatile global macro-economic climate together create a very dynamic and challenging environment to say the least. That said, our businesses and our teams no strangers to these types of challenges. Were focused, were hungry, we have an establish execution and capital allocation record and we take these challenges ahead on and with confidence. With that, Ill hand it to Mark.
Mark Okerstrom: Thanks, Dara. One quick reminder before I get started. As was the case last quarter in order to help with comparability, our comments today are focused on Expedia results excluding eLong. Since we sold our 62% in eLong last May. Financial results for that business are included in our GAAP results on a consolidated basis through that date of the sale. We are quite pleased with our financial performance in the fourth quarter and for the full year 2015 excluding an estimated headwind of $10 million to $15 million from the impact of the terrorist attacks in Paris and the negative impact of HomeAway in the quarter, not contemplated in our prior guidance. Our full year 2015 adjusted EBITDA growth exceeded the guidance we gave on our Q3 call. In the fourth quarter, top-line growth was driven by solid unit growth across products, geographies and major brands. But first we are getting a boost as we consolidate Orbitz, but despite the law of large numbers, our organic growth rates continue to be very healthy and comparable to the rates of growth weve seen for the last couple of years. In hotel revenue grew 24% on room night growth of 39%. The inorganic contributions to hotel revenue and room night growth were 14 and 15 percentage points respectively. We estimate the negative impact on Paris with around 300 basis points for both measures. Revenue per room night was down 11% in Q4, and a 5% decline in average daily rates. Note that the gap between revenue per room rate and ADR has narrowed this quarter compared to Q3, principally on reduced foreign exchange impacts. We do expect to see continued year-over-year pressure on revenue per room in 2016 if you trade some of our unit economics to drive volume in global scale. Air revenue was up 61% on ticket growth of 70% partially offset by decline in revenue per ticket of 5%. Expedia continue to grow ticket volume at a healthy organic rate, along with the sizable contributions from recently acquired companies. Excluding acquisitions Air revenue grew 6% on ticket growth of 22%. Key to our strategy is to grow additional travel products alongside air tickets and room nights. We are pleased to see some good examples of this in Q4, including 66% transaction growth for our local activities business and 43% revenue growth for insurance product. We also continue to see solid growth in our advertising and media business with Trivago growing standalone revenue 27% or approximately 43% currency neutral, fairly consistent with the year-over-year growth we saw in Q3. Media solutions also grew revenue nicely with the boost from the addition of Orbitz. HomeAway finished 2015 strongly and a bit ahead of their plans as measured on a standalone basis. For Speedy Inc. HomeAway contributed revenue this quarter for approximately $20 million which has been classified as other revenue in our product classification. We are breaking out HomeAway as a segment, so you will be able to see their standalone performance on an ongoing basis. Because HomeAway is in the process of moving to an online booking model and a fair bit of the bookings still occur outside of the platform we are not planning to report gross bookings or unit growth for that business at this time. Although the seasonality for business can cause the shape of our P&L to vary quarter-to-quarter we continue to drive to results that use leverage achieved in key expense categories to fund aggressive selling and marketing investments around the world. In Q4, excluding the impact from Orbitz and HomeAway the P&L we delivered was largely consistent with this approach. Selling and marketing grew a bit faster than revenue, while cost of revenue in G&A grew slower providing leverage. Our technology and content expenses did grow faster than revenue and nearly 6 percentage points faster than Q3, on the combination of higher people costs along with lower capitalization rates. We continue to scale up our core infrastructure and brand Expedia technology teams to support organic growth and to drive the integration of our new OTA brands. And as such we are expecting elevated technology and content expense growth at least through the first half of 2016. Importantly, our results for Q4 included the first full year of Orbitz and the layering in of the HomeAway standalone financials for the 17 days of the quarter that we own the business. The operations of Orbitz for the full quarter along with deal related and integration costs resulted in an approximate break-even adjusted EBITDA contribution for that business in Q4 which included a purchase accounting revenue headwind of approximately $27 million. Overall the Orbitz results were a bit better than we had expected on a combination of lower integration cost and better overall performance. HomeAway had a negative impact on adjusted EBITDA of $14 million in Q4 not contemplated in the guidance we gave on our Q3 call. This included the results of the business the negative impact of deal related costs and a purchase accounting revenue headwind of approximately $6 million. Briefly as we enter a new year I would like to remind folks of a few keys aspects of how we manage the business. We are committed to stricken a balance between delivering healthy profit growth in the near and mid-term, while making key investments in our business that will allow us to grow sustainably over many years to come. From a practical perspective this means that we only see certain upside and/or outperformance for month-to-month, for quarter-to-quarter including from acquisitions. We have a bias to reinvest at least a portion of that upside back into the business. As part of this approach we do not guide to quarterly results and investors should not expect to see the full amount of organic over performance or M&A related windfalls drop immediately to the bottom-line. This is an important tenant for how we are running our business and we want investors to fully understand this approach. Turning to our financial expectations for 2016. On a consolidated basis including all the businesses we own today, and excluding eLong, we are expecting full year adjusted EBITDA to grow in the range of 35% to 45% year-over-year. The contribution to this result from a full year of Orbitz and HomeAway combined is expected to be in the range of $275 million to $325 million. In terms of the shape of the year, we are expecting particular pressure on Q1 adjusted EBITDA. Due to the seasonal nature of our business back end loading of adjusted EBITDA dollar growth is not unusual but we do expect the impact will be especially acute in 2016. This is due primarily to integration of Orbitz and the timing of synergy realization which will ramp in the back half of the year along with the transition at HomeAway. As a further reminder, note that we lapped our acquisition of Wotif in the fourth quarter 2015 and well lapped booked the Travelocity acquisition and the consolidated of the AirAsia-Expedia joint venture in Q1 which will create tougher comps. Further the roll out of TripAdvisors instant book product will also likely continue to be a small headwind on room night growth in 2016 with an insignificant impact on profitability. From an expense stand point including Orbitz and HomeAway while we will see leverage in costs of revenue and general and administrative expenses in 2016, we expect technology and content expenses to grow faster than revenue primarily driven by integration efforts and the inorganic impacts of our recent acquisitions. Regarding taxes as you might imagine, there is lots of moving parts, especially related to newly acquired companies and our international versus domestic mix. However, we currently expect effective tax rates in the mid-20% range. Finally, some directional color on our CapEx trends. In 2015, we saw significant CapEx growth with about half of the dollar growth attributable to the purchase of our future headquarters. Spending for real estate in general also was elevated as we continued to grow our market management team aggressively and built out new office space around the world. In addition, we invested heavily in servers and other hardware in anticipation of future organic growth and upcoming integrations. To a lesser extent an increase in capitalized software development costs also contributed to year-over-year CapEx growth. For 2016, we expect a much more moderate pace of CapEx growth, most of which will be driven by the inorganic impact of recent acquisitions. With that, lets move to Q&A. Operator, will you please remind participants how to queue up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Well go first to Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. 
Justin Post: Thanks. Maybe two quick ones for Dara and one for Mark, housekeeping. First Dara, can you talk about the macro environment? Obviously a lot of fears with some of the RevPar data out there? What youre seeing in maybe U.S. and Europe. And then the S4, a lot of us have read it, really interesting commentary on the HomeAway acquisition. And there is a 2018 number of 2.34 billion in EBITDA. Can you comment on that number at all, how important that is, is that something a target or how you think about that number? And then Mark just to confirmed your guidance. Is the number youre suggesting 35% to 45% growth, is that off the 1165 or the 1103 and EBITDA this year? Thank you.
Mark Okerstrom: Sure. Thanks Justin. As far the macro environment goes we listen to the same news that you do and certainly the new suggest that the macro environment is pretty uncertain and the stock market downright scary. That said, when we look at the macro environment and how it effects our business one important factor and our business is the air business. And air ticker prices are down pretty significantly year-on-year, its obviously some of the savings of oil prices that are being passed on by the airlines to consumers. And thats an unambiguous positive for us, the more lower air ticket price is go, the more, the leaser traveler tends to fly and more the leaser traveler test to fly, we have a bit of what we think is a strategic investment, strategic advantage on air side. And the more leaser travelers we have flying for more opportunity we have to sell hotels and insurance and cars and everything else to them. So to some extent weakness in oil and air side is a pretty big positive for us. On the hotel side, while we have seen ADRs weaken a bit between call the beginning of the year and Q4. When we look at Q4 trends into January, we dont see anything of note one way or the other. There are some spot issues obviously Paris is weak, which is perfectly explainable. New York ADRs continue to be down year-on-year, although they improved over Q4 and thats European travelers really traveling into the U.S. and affected foreign exchange. In Asia, we see certain markets like Hong Kong and Macau down as far as ADRs ago. But again no significant shifts when we look at Q4 trends into January that are of note. So its something that well watch and to the extent that we see anything, well certainly share it with our investors. But were not seeing any material moment one way or the other right now.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And then Justin, on your question on 2018 consolidated EBITDA that was contained in the S4. Listen at the time of the acquisition, we put forward some forecast for what we believed or possible outcome for consolidated Expedia, Inc. results over the course the next three years, did not account any upsides or any significant investments, its a possible outcome. So I wouldnt put a lot of weight on that. That was then combined essentially with the HomeAway projections and we did not at that time contribute to the combination of those results. Listen I think you can look at it as a possible outcome, but it certainly not something that I would use as guidance and I think as you know we make discrete discussions for month-to-month, quarter-to-quarter. So there is a lot that can change between now and 2018 and were just really focused on continuing to have a business where we can deliver consistently strong growth rates over a long period of time. In terms of the guidance, the 35% to 45% growth is off of the 1,165 which is the Expedia, Inc. full year 2015 number excluding eLong.
Operator: Well go next to Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark S. Mahaney: Thanks. Two questions, I wanted to follow-up on Justins question. So if you do that 35% to 45%, it kind of imply that the core business is going to grow, your guidance imply something like 9% or 10% at the low end and to 19% at the high end, so call it 10% to 20% just to round here and thats obviously a little bit more aggressive than the kind of guidance for the core business you gave going in the '15 so it does sound like all in business conditions are getting stronger of Expedia, but just want to make sure Im interpreting that numbers and stating that right. And then secondly in terms of the -- you guided for revenue per room night continuing to come down in '15 and the question I want to ask is, will it come down at the same pace, or accelerated pace or less of a strong pace. In other words what we saw in the quarter was that 11% year-over-year was a little less than we had seen in last couple of quarters, are we starting to see a fade down in that pressure you are seeing on revenue per room night? Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Mark I'll let Mark take most of that question, but one thing I will remind you as far as the core business is that foreign exchange was a really, really significant headwind for our core business this last year, and while they will continue to be a headwind in Q1 and Q2 it ease up in the back half of the year. So all things being the same that will be a benefit in 2016 versus 2015. I'll let Mark answer the others.
Mark Okerstrom: Yeah. Ill just say, just again to clarify on the guidance. I would take that as core implied guidance so of course to 8% to13%, I would take the high on the Orbitz-HomeAway impact and subtract it from the high on the total and the low from lower side. I wouldnt take our guidance as being up to 19%. And then also our revenue per room night, we've been saying for a while that the gap between revenue per room night, you can think about that as call it the 300 to 800 basis points range and it moves around. I think what you will see in 2016 is you are going continue to see that range of movements towards the back half, I think there is possibility as we start the comp over some of the margin reductions we did this year, that start to ease and then I think you'll start to see I would expect some more easing in that as we move through 2017. And again this is with regards to the gap between revenue per room night and ADRs. Of course ADRs are one of the biggest drivers of overall revenue per room night movements.
Operator: We go next to Naved Khan with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Naved Khan: Yeah thanks two questions. Just on the HomeAway, I know it's still early days for the transition to the online booking, but can you just talk about what kind of penetration rate you think you can reasonably get to by the end of this year in terms of the percentage of booking happening online versus enabling the business. And then I had a follow up on the guidance, so I think Mark you called out the contribution from the two acquisitions Orbitz and HomeAway to the EBITDA numbers, but I think previously you talked about Orbitz seeing synergies of up to or in excess of $75 million, is there any update to that number?
Mark Okerstrom: Sure, why dont I take the last question first and then Dara can chime in on HomeAway. So just again on $275 to $325 of adjusted EBITDA contribution for the two acquisitions combined. First of all I'll just remind people that are on standalone basis we had said Orbitz was on track to do around a $135 million of adjusted EBITDA in 2015, it came in a little bit ahead of that, but I think that as a decent base in HomeAway, little bit better than $120 million and adjusted EBITDA from 2015. They will both have purchase accounting headwinds in 2016 both around $10 million each. So, you can think about that its about $20 million combined. So take that as your base and then the way that we get to obviously the higher number is synergies, and a lot of that is going to come from Orbitz and it's going to come in the back half of the year. In fact in the first part of the year we are going to be in a position not unlike where we were with Wotif where were essentially carrying almost double cost, we've built up teams to support the integration of the Orbitz businesses on to the brand Expedia platform for example, at the same time is maintaining the Orbitz existing platform and that is really once we get the platform transition done which is really happening in the first half of the year for the big consumer businesses thats when you start to see synergy realization come in and thats really starting again in the back half of the year and we're hopeful that by the end of the year we should be pretty close to a run rate number, but we are not going to be even close to that in the middle of the year and we'll probably be sub that, there will be a detriment in the first part of the year. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: And as far HomeAway goes as of the end of the year we had about 60% of our total listings online bookable we dont disclose the actual percentage of bookings that run through our listings and we are going to be working on increasing the percentage of online bookable listings in 2016 and get it much closer of 100% as much as we can. Really, we're going to be pushing online booking, offering it to our partners and that along with the book would confidence guarantee for travelers, we think it's going be a win for the travelers and its as also going to be win for our supply base as well and thats really the focus of the business. We will try to obviously drive the online booking volume. But that is really much more of a long-term goal for us as a company and I think 2016 is going to be about kind of setting the base, making sure the technology infrastructure is right and making sure that were taking any and all kinks out of the online booking process to make it incredibly easy for travelers and incredibly easy for our subscribers as well. We dont have a specific target for percentage of bookings going over the trends so to speak for 2016.
Operator: Well go next to Tom White from Macquarie.
Tom White: Just first on room night growth, you talked a little bit about headwinds from the booking.com instant booking implementation. Could you maybe comment on what sort of headwind that was to room night growth in the quarter. And then just a follow-up on HomeAway and moving ahead with instating this consumer booking fee. I guess when HomeAway was independent, we could see how that extra margin would really help them from the seat, would be really helpful in terms of competing and investing against Airbnb. But now thats part of bigger Expedia. How do you guys sort of weight the benefit of that booking fee in terms of increased monetization versus the possibility that it negatively impacts the consumer experience? Thanks.
Mark Okerstrom: Thanks Tom. So Ill start with the room night growth and then turn it over to Dara on HomeAway. So there were a few headwinds for us on room night growth in the quarter. We had about a 400 basis points harder comp partially on the back of lapping over some pretty strong growth in Travelocity with the commercial agreement implementation. And then also Wotif which we were lapping over in the quarter. We also had about 300 basis points of room night growth impact from the terrorist attacks, we estimates -- so both of those were pretty significant headwinds for us. In terms of the instant book impact. I think, if you talk about that in the 100 to 200 basis points range that would be a good barometer. And then just in terms of expectations for 2016. We are expecting to see some deceleration in room night growth as we move through the year. Were also copying over acquisitions and consolidations again in 2016 Travelocity for example ramping up Wotif on variable marketing channels, the integration of Brand Expedia Asia. So just keep those in mind and then to the extent that TripAdvisor roles out instant booking more broadly which we currently do expect them to do. And we continue to not participate in that that could be an incremental headwind and think about that as larger than 100 to 200 basis points, it could be 200 to 300 basis points. But again insignificant from the perspective or profitability.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And as far as HomeAway and the booking fee goes. Were going to be watching it very closely we obviously want the consumer experience to be great and we are obviously going to be watching the percentage of bookings running over the system. We think with the book with confidence guarantee, we are going to give our consumers, our travelers a lot of confidence as far as booking with HomeAway and making sure that they get what expect, making sure that if they have any issues regarding quality or the deposits, et cetera, theyre taking care of. And then we will be watching other metrics such as the traffic to the sites. The conversion rate of consumers coming and who look at listings, the renewal rate of our subscribers. So there are a host of other metrics that we are going to watch and meter in order to measure kind of what is a balance approach, which is, we do think that we are under monetizing relative to our volume and making sure that as we move to call a market monetization rate, we are providing great experience for travelers who are coming and looking for a great place to stay on HomeAway and we are bringing great value to our supply as well. I will also remind you that the booking fee is something that has been widely expected as far as Airbnb and TripAdvisor go. Airbnb is always had a booking fee, TripAdvisor introduced the booking fees last year. Those transitions have gone very, very smoothly. Our pricing is going to be quite competitive. So this is something that has already been market tested and we feel pretty good moving into this model based on the competition already being that. 
Operator: Well go next to Brian Fitzgerald from Jefferies.
Brian Fitzgerald: Thanks guys. I want to ask a little bit these kind of second derivative affects you have. Youre talking about an integration. So first you connect the infrastructure and the plumbing and then the machines and the [indiscernible] would glean to that and learn and then you apply those learning and optimize. Specifically with maybe Orbitz or maybe in even away if that process is going on there too. Is the process lengthening at all just on the sheer scale or size of those integrations or maybe how is this process playing out currently?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Id say Brian, on the Orbitz side actually, while we havent gone through the full process. I would anticipate that Orbitz would actually be a bit quicker than Travelocity and Wotif, because the Orbitz team that was already employees, they had an online marketing team that was very sophisticated, they have an analytics them that is just excellent. So, a number of the folks have been there with Orbitz, they understand these optimizations, this is something they've done before, we are just hoping that as we move them over to our supply base and as we move them over tech stack theyre just going to have a machine that is much smoother and better than the machine that they had to work with in the past. So, we dont anticipate any hiccups, as it relates to Orbitz you never know. And at least the trends that were seeing early on are encouraging, I things most will be on track. HomeAway is a very different animal, HomeAway is not an integration that team is going to be largely independent and activity with HomeAway has been to make sure frankly that that team is not distracted as being part of Expedia. I think were freeing up a bunch of their time to focus from call a public company activity, to value added activity, building a great consumer experience, building a great subscriber experience and because we are very, very familiar with this transactional model our product and technology teams are already working with them to make sure that the road maps are what they should be I think the second area where we can add value is making sure that as this volume comes online or as these listings come online, we are not only pushing HomeAway traffic to them but also Expedia and Hotels.com traffic to them which I think is a significant value both for the HomeAway subscriber base but also for the Expedia and Hotel.com consumer base as well.
Mark Okerstrom: Well I'll just say one thing on Orbitz, since that we do have in addition of the Orbitz, to CheapTickets business which is the big consumer business. We also have a numbers of other businesses that are going to take a little bit longer to integrate Orbitzs partner network for example. Were super excited about that business and were taking the steps necessary to do that right making sure we work with partners and come to the right outcome for example, Orbitz for business is another one were pretty excited about the speed at which we are going able move that those clients over to the Egencia platform, but again it is going to take a little bit longer and both of these transitions are new and that we haven't done a lot of these before unlike the core consumer business. So, in terms of synergy realization I would just keep in mind that until those businesses are migrated you dont get to see the full platform of retirement benefits that you would if it was only Orbitz, CheapTickets and eBookers that were transitioning over.
Operator: We move next to Mike Olson with Piper Jeffery.
Mike Olson: Hey good afternoon. Just two questions here. You mentioned TripAdvisor in support impacting room nights in 2016 at the extent that you dont participate. So could you talk about how youre thinking about the model or other similar models in why Expedia may or may not be interested in participating? And then secondly, do you expect the impact of the Paris attacks will continue beyond one or two quarter time period or is that relatively short term issue that you wouldnt expect to impact the business beyond Q1?
Mark Okerstrom: Hi Mike I'll answer the second one first which is you never know, historically these kinds of attacks have resolved fairly quickly. Id say Paris in general, we saw immediately kind of an effect on broader European destinations. That effect looks like it disappeared, but there is certainly is, continues to be an effect in on Paris ts getting better, but trends in Paris are certainly poor compared to the trends that we had seen before Q4 of last year. I think that Paris is going to continue through the year, it was horrific event and I think it was the kind of event that stays in people's memories. So, I think that there will be some effect going into the balance for the year and were going do our best to make up for, were going to do our best to work with our partners over there and really continue to promote Paris as a wonderful destination that it is. So, hopefully it won't last long, but my personal feeling is that there will be some effect going into the balance of the year. As far as the trip and instant book and how we view that channel. We've been very consistent about how we view any variable channel including in some book in that we look at the economics of a channel based on called the immediate transaction and then we look at the economics of the transaction based on the right sum of value of the customer both in terms of customer repeat rate and the percentage of the time in which those customers repeat directly with us second third time around. Obviously the latter is much, much more valuable. The initial let's say version of instant book was I think quite unsatisfactory as far as branding, et cetera, and representation of where the customer was really transacting with, and the latest iterations that we've seen with booking.com and with some of the supply direct partners, for example Marriot look a lot better they looked much more clear. So, I would say at this point instant book looks better to us than it did when instant book was initially launched. But we dont have any comments as to what the ultimate decision is going to be down the road.
Operator: Well go next to Douglas Anmuth with JP Morgan.
Unidentified Analyst: This is [indiscernible] for Doug. Thank you for taking our question. I have just a follow-up on the HomeAway. So on HomeAway, you guys mentioned the traveler fee will roll out in the next coming months. But could you clarify a little bit more on the timing and the roll out plan a little more. And then could you comment on your marketing approach for HomeAway in 2016 and what drives the confidence on the 150 EBITDA number in 2018? Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I think as far as HomeAway goes, we are rolling out now in the U.S. and the speed of the rollout is going to depend on the reaction of customers, conversion rate, how its working out with subscribers, et cetera. So the rollout will move quickly to the extent that we see things working out and we will be debugging actively. We will then once were done with the U.S. or once were well underway with the U.S., well look at the rest of the world. But listen these rollouts are live rollouts and we dont want to hard code a specific rollout cadence. Obviously we want to roll it out as quickly as possible, making sure that our customer experience and our subscriber experience is terrific. As far as the marketing approach for HomeAway. We do plan a significant year-on-year increase in Brand Marketing and HomeAway for 2016 thats included in the numbers that Mark related to you. Its the marketing campaign is already started and the early signs and were about five markets in the early signs as far as visits to the HomeAway sites look really good and were encourage by the trends that we see. Once online booking really starts to expand, we will be able to throw up variable marking channels as we get variable economics on the revenue side. One of the issues with the subscription listing product is that, you dont earn money on every single transaction, your earning money on kind of annual subscription. So you cant necessarily bid for the incremental transaction.  Once we have online booking extended along with the traveler fee and volumes rollout there. We do think that we will be able to increase variable marketing channels. But we think thats something thats going to happen in the back half of the year as opposed to the front half of the year. On the question of the confidence in the 350 million EBITDA in 2018. We made those estimates based on a set of assumptions, early set of assumptions and so far in the couple of weeks that HomeAway has been a part of the family. We are more impress than we were when we made those assumptions. Its 2018, its a long time from now, but I think what we wanted to communicate is that, you kind of go into a company, you meet to people, you take a look at the look at the technology stack and the product roadmaps and either its good news or bad news and at this point with HomeAway is good news for us.
Operator: Well go next to Lloyd Walmsley with Deutsche Bank.
Lloyd Walmsley: A couple if I can. First forgive me if I missed this, but when you talk about the 2016 contribution from Orbitz in a way of 275 to 325, what is embedded in that in terms of the deferred revenue that you won't recognize? I know in the S4, you said HomeAway alone could be as high as 107, but is there an assumption that you can share with us around how much is excluded from that? And then second if I can, just curious if you could give us a sense for what you're seeing from early beta hotels on the accelerator bided [ph] take rate product and when do you think that might rollout more broadly and what kind of impact it might have on revenue per room night headwinds you've been seeing? Thanks.
Mark Okerstrom: Sure Lloyd, Ill take the first one and then turn it over to Dara. On the 275 to 325 there is about $20 million of purchase accounting impact embedded in that. About half of its Orbitz, half of its HomeAway. The bulk of it will unfold in the first quarter with some of the HomeAway stuff taking a little bit longer to bleed off. It is -- the HomeAway impact is a fair bit lower than we had anticipated/feared at the time of the acquisition. We dough in very deep with our auditors and advisors and came to the conclusion that there was a significantly larger portion of it that we can recognize than we had anticipated, so good news on that front.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And as far as accelerator goes, its a very, very early. We are training our market managers who are now going out there and explaining the accelerator in the market. And were seeing in certain markets, we are seeing engagement with our hotel partners, the partners who have engaged with accelerator products are pretty darn happy, which is great. You want client who like the product. And so we see accelerator starting to contribute to our overall numbers. In general accelerator is a move in the direction of having much more of a marketplace model for our margins. So that hotel of yours can bid up when they need volume, they can go to base bid when they dont need volume and also along with kind of bidding you get the quality of content of the hotel, the high lease Hotel, treat our customers to the quality of service, et cetera. And user reviews all mixing into a combination of the best hotel for the best customer and also economics that hotelier want to bid at and obviously hopefully economic that work out for us. So, we are very early on this journey, the signs that were seeing with accelerators so far are encouraging, we are not making aggressive assumptions in our 2016 plans for accelerator, but if any of our market manager teams are listening, we expect you to do better than the conservative plans that we have. So, we are hoping for the best, we are not counting the best. 
Operator: We go next to Eric Sheridan with UBS. 
Eric Sheridan: I noticed Barry Diller recently gave an interview saying that Expedia was far from done on M&A. So, Dara, one for you would be on capital allocation, how you think about the mix of assets you have now, geographic, as well as sort of capabilities under the broader Expedia, Inc. umbrella, and so how you think about allocating capital going forward towards M&A and continuing the strategic vision. And then number two would be, there's been a lot of comments of late from some of the inventory side like Hilton and Marriott with respect to lower commission rates and last room availability. Wanted to get your take on how the industry dynamic is playing out around lower commission rates, more stable commission rates versus last room availabilities as a theme. Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, as far as the M&A front, we will be opportunistic as far as our capital allocation goes. I think that the team is more inwardly focused right now looking to go out and aggressively acquire although we have a terrific corporate development and strategy team who are constantly talking to anyone and everyone. When we look at the portfolio of assets that we have especially with HomeAway as part of our family we feel like we have a full portfolio, we feel like we dont have any competitive holes and if we dont engage in any M&A for the next two, three years we'll be perfectly happy. That said, we do want to extend our international coverage I think we are in general too U.S. dependent, at this point its really good thing because the U.S. economy is the strongest economy in the world. So it is positive now but five to ten years from now, shame on us if we haven't grown significantly more outside of the U.S. and in all the markets Asia-Pacific, Latin America, Europe etc.  Second area where we absolutely want to grow in scale is, in the corporate travel market. Obviously we are very strong in leisure travel, corporate travel we think it's an enormous opportunity. It's a higher yield customer sets that our suppliers favor. The demand patterns are quite complementary of leisure demand patterns and we want to get bigger, we want to scale and we see growth ahead for Egencia that is a combination of organic as well as inorganic growth and we think thats going to continue for some time going forward. And then well also look for kind of innovative new companies out there. Trivago obviously was a terrific one and it's a very, very value part of the family, we've made some investments in Alice for example on the supply technology front. So, we will be opportunistic wing as far as transport goes well continue to be opportunistic, well continue to shoot bullet, so to speak, and see when opportunity is out there in the world. That said the business throws off a lot of cash flow and historically I think before this year there was a fair amount of Capital allocation going to buybacks and to the extent that we dont see anything external and to the extent that we like our own stock and typically we have liked our own stock. We will look to allocate some capital internally as well. So, it's kind of the world is our oyster and we're throwing off a lot of cash and we will try our best not to waste it. As far as the noise and the chatter with the chains, et cetera, we continue to be strong partners with the hotels, in general our volumes with independents and chains have grown significantly and our strategy with our chain partners is no different than our overall strategy which is to lower our base commissions, so that there is very little friction in working with us. And then really any hotel, whether they are a chain or independent can compete in our marketplace for share and this is a big marketplace, the marketplace is only growing and if you got competitive pricing and you got great content and you treat our customers really well and you provide excellence availability along with margins you will do well in the market place. So I think that the ultimate call it performance of the chains and the relationship with the chains and the volumes that we do with chains is really going be based on kind of chain bidding in our marketplace against independents and in general we see our chain volume, they've been healthy for a number of years and we expect to see them healthy on a go forward basis.
Operator: Well go next to Jet Kelly with Oppenheimer.
Jed Kelly: Can you touch on what HomeAway subscriber churn has been since the acquisition, and what is your current plan around subscription pricing? And then a follow-up. Have you seen an increase with vacation rental CPCs, particularly in regards to home -- to Airbnb closing its recent funding route?
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as the one that I can make a comment on is that renewal rate in Q4 actually improved and where the highest renewal rates for the year. So we are very happy about that. As far as an increase in vacation rental CPCs, we havent see any one way or the other. So I cant really comment on that.
Operator: Well next to Stephen Ju with Credit Suisse.
Stephen Ju: Dara, you continue to very quickly add supply to your property portfolio as you adjust your fee structures. So setting aside the removal of about 20,000 indirect relationships for the fourth quarter, I think you added about 73,000 in 2015. So just wondering if there's a way for you to accelerate the pace there? Additionally, I was wondering if you could give us some color on the type of incremental properties you are adding. Are these larger properties, smaller properties, and is the room count per property similar to what's already on the platform? And secondarily, I almost hate asking this question, but directionally, are you seeing any impact from steps on countries maybe taking Europe to tighten their borders due to the refugee crisis? Thanks
Dara Khosrowshahi: Okay. As far as a supply question and the pacing of our supply adds. Were pretty happy with the pacing. So we tend to accelerate the pacing of ads to the extent that we see higher penetration in certain markets. A higher penetration means that were sending plenty of demand into a specific market, which means that we can acquire more hotels. And at this point, we are seeing kind of the growth of demand into the marketplace and the growth of supply be about right. So I would expect the same in 2016 and as we are adding more supply and as the new inventory contribute revenue into our marketplace, we then go on a higher more market managers. Its a formal that weve add in place for about 18 months and I see no reason to change it certainly looks like its working. As far as the kind of supply that we are adding, as we are adding more supply, we are attending to add supply in secondary and tertiary markets and the average number of rooms per hotel is going down. So when we look at contribution from new hotel ad, its not something we disclose, but it certainly that we certainly look at internally. The contribution per hotel ad is going down and its going down because if kind of supply that were adding and its kind of working exactly to formula, so its exactly what we would expect to see.  As far as the impacts from countries and the refugee crisis, et cetera. We havent seen significant impact other than travel to I would say broad areas that are expected by the refugee crisis or directly affected, it is obviously down. But we havent seen kind of second orders stuff, so travel into Europe in general has continued to be pretty healthy and were not seeing any significant step changes and demand patterns there.
Operator: Well go next to Ron Josey from JMP Securities.
Ron Josey: Just wanted to follow up on two, please. Dara, you may have mentioned I think on Eric's question around hotel commissions and really the readiness of the marketplace. I wanted to understand a little bit more as commissions come down, as the marketplace takes into account how that relates relative to your comment on the accelerator program being very, very early. And then also, just another follow-up on Orbitz and the contribution to EBITDA, could you quantify maybe, Mark, or help us understand the cost savings related to the charges you took around 130 million to 150 million related to employee severance and comp benefits that were announced in November on Orbitz? Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as the comment on accelerator program being earlier. Its literally because weve just launch the program. So this is a product that we co-complete on it in Q4 and weve been working with the market managers and hotel partners on launching it officially and that something that will kind of continue as we move through the year. It is a bidding type of product. So as you can imagine this marketplace type products tend to grow over a period of time. As you get more players engaging in them. So its early, we like what we see, but again were not making any heroic assumptions financially as it relates to tourist accelerator program. But it certainly a good start and we think its a terrific product that is going to be a real winner for our hotel partners.
Mark Okerstrom: And then Ron just on the restructuring charges and how that flows through to EBITDA contribution. I would just say that in the $75 million run rate synergy estimate that we initially put out. A big chunk of that was headcount related cost reductions essentially, there is a little bit of revenue in there as well. But predominantly headcount related. So I would look at the severance changes as being related very closely to that number. I would also say that in the overall big number is a fair bit of equity related compensation which does now show up in adjusted EBITDA obviously so its harder to translate and add them to adjusted EBITDA impact and lot of that related to senior team thats not there. So, hope thats give you little bit more color. 
Operator: We will go next to Ken Sena with Evercore ISI.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thank you this is Connor [ph] on for Ken. Just to clarify was there a FX impact disclosed for the adjusted EBITDA guidance? Thanks
Mark Okerstrom: Yeah Conner, there wasnt. But direction I could say that it is a bit more than the impact to revenue, Id think it about 600 to 700 basis points range maybe a little bit higher.
Operator: We move next to Michael Millman with Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman: Following up, I guess, on an earlier question you discussed the outlook for travel and for leisure travel, what's the outlook for business travel in the US, particularly thinking in the oil country ought and outside the U.S. Also, one thing that hasn't been discussed is car rental. What do you see is the impact of Uber on the car rental business in the U.S. and Europe? And finally, just I kind of missed the 35%, 45% EBITDA guidance is compared with what particular number for 2015? Thank you.
Mark Okerstrom: Sure as far as the corporate travel and the trend that we are seeing. We got some caution, I think the teams are cautious about client sales in general because of the macroeconomic environment, the most clear trend that we can point to relating to oil pricing is in terms of our business in the Nordics as you know we acquired Via and integrated into Egencia and we do see volumes in the Nordics regions in general weak and that is very much related to oil prices is being down significant on a year-over-year basis. In general transactions, corporate transactions look good, we're not seeing call it very significant spent cuts one way or the other like we saw a couple of years back, We are seeing some trading down. So the revenue per transactions or gross booking per corporate transaction is down a bit and we think thats just cautious practice from some corporations out there trading down call it from premium class to economy class or taking a train instead of taking a plane. But those are I would say on the edges, were not seeing some big theme one way the other as far as corporate travel changing significant one way the other.  As far as the car rental and impact of Uber. You know our car rental business is we think very early in its development. The volume in car days is up very significantly on a year-on-year basis, over 30% on a year-on-year and most of that business is in the U.S. and we think we have a ton of potential as far as our car rental business in Europe goes. So, I just think we are on a growth path at this point that is not going to be effected by Uber we are not going to feel call it market numbers one way the other just because the growth rates that we have are so high. If I were to generalize in Q4 other trends that we saw on the car business on the hotwire side we saw a higher concentration, Ill call it, agency booking versus opaque bookings. We tend to make more money on opaque bookings. So, that was one trend that we saw but otherwise nothing to say, hey this is Uber who is having a material effect on the business, to speak off. Mark you want to talk to the other question?
Mark Okerstrom: Yeah Michael on the guidance, the 35% to 45% full year, year-on-year growth including HomeAway and Orbitz is in relation to the $1.165 billion and adjusted EBITDA for 2015 which is Expedia Inc. excluding eLong. 
Operator: At this time we now set your limit yourself to one question. We go next to Peter Stabler with Wells Fargo Securities.
Peter Stabler: Dara, a high-level one. On loyalty programs, obviously Hotels.com and Orbitz have pretty high profile offerings. What kind of appetite do you have for further investment behind those programs, and should these programs be expanded, or are there other platforms in the Expedia family where you should roll further ones out?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, absolutely. I'd also add that Expedia has pretty significant loyalty program and I think between Hotel.com, Expedia and Orbitz we are running pretty close to 40 million loyalty members on a global basis and I would say our appetite here is unlimited and way to explain that is that the variable economics behind these loyalty programs are all working. In other words, look at the points costs, we look at the ultimate redemption value of those points to the percentage of people who are using the point, our customers who are using the points and when they use them. And then we look at the behavior of the consumers and like-for-like consumers, who are in the program versus behavior of consumers who are not in the program and how that behavior changes in terms of repeat characteristics and in terms of channel mix. When we look at those factors and compare it to the point costs. These loyalty programs work. So as long as the factors are now changing, as long as these repeat characteristics arent changing, as long as the channel mix isnt changing and as long as the ultimate redemption value isnt changing, then we will look to expand these loyalty programs as aggressively as we can on a global basis. There are some countries where the programs work really, really well. For example, weve been pleasantly surprise in the Asia-Pacific regions where loyalty has really taken off and for example on a welcome rewards basis, its got the highest penetration, Ill call it welcome rewards or hotel rewards. Excuse me, its got a high differentiation hotel rewards bookings as a percentage of the overall customer base. So we see some customer bases, who love these programs in the Asia-Pacific regions. But in general, the variable economics look good and we will continue to invest aggressively in these loyalty programs on a go forward basis. The other reminder that I would put forward is that the points cost that we take are upfront, the benefits from these loyalty programs or trailing benefits so to speak. Because you get the repeat benefits, you get the channel benefits down the line. So as were growing these member basis, typically were paying an upfront costs and were building of a pretty substantial asset. We think this is a great competitive moat that were building around our brand and we attempt to keep investing behind that moat.
Operator: Well go next to Kevin Kopelman with Cowen and Company.
Kevin Kopelman: I wanted to ask about Airbnb. There's been a lot of discussion about how Airbnb is impacting the hotel industry. Can you give us some color on what you are seeing in your hotel business from Airbnb and how you are thinking about that as the year goes on? Thanks.
Mark Okerstrom: We were debating Kevin when we would get the Airbnb question. So thank you very much for that. Listen were not seeing -- we dont see significant effective Airbnb on our business. I would relate it to the answer I gave with car. Our growth rates are substantially different from industry growth rate. So just because we dont see, it doesnt mean that its not happening. We have said that Airbnb in general and HomeAway are adding inventory in the marketplace, launching inventory in the marketplace and its becoming more and more clear that there is a certain set of customers, who sometimes well stay at a hotel, sometime well stay in an Airbnb or HomeAway home.  So anytime you increased supply, you will put pressure on pricing. So we anticipate pressure on pricing, we do see it sometime during periods in which there is Super Bowl lets say or events happening in city that users to sell out, we have absorb that it sometimes get harder for a hotel yield up during those events and sometimes whereas in the past, we would not have inventory for those events, we intend to have inventory for those events. So in some way you could consider a positive as it relates to our marketplace. And then finally anytime you have more supply you put pressure on pricing. You as an intermediary meeting us, want to have access to that supply and whereas before HomeAway was part of the family, we didnt have significant asset to that supply and our goal was to build out that access to supply on an organic basis. Now that HomeAway is part of the family, we have access to that supply and we will continue to build access to that supply on an organic basis. So we think now that HomeAway is part of family Airbnb effect is going to be a positive factor for us, but its very early in this evolution. And at this point, other than those spot circumstances when markets are kind of sold out because of big events, were not seeing it affect our specific trends.
Operator: Well go next to Justin Patterson with Raymond James.
Justin Patterson: Just wanted to touch on Trivago. Appreciate the disclosures you gave earlier on the call on the mature markets versus the rest of the world. Could you talk about just how you are thinking of reinvesting in the rest of the world and when we should see that growth rate start creeping up to the contribution margin of the mature markets? Thanks.
Mark Okerstrom: Sure Justin. Its hard to give you precise numbers around timing of when we might expect to see better contribution in the rest of the world. This is a business that operates on a very quick cycle time. We invest, we see return and we see return we like, we continue to invest. I think the big change that will ultimately drive better rest of the world contribution is the ultimate penetration or maturity of the U.S. business. Its an absolutely huge business now for Trivago, but still growing very strongly and they continue to see pocket of availability to invest into the U.S. At some point over the course of next three years, maybe it's this year, maybe its two year from now, maybe it's three years from now that market will get so big that they are fully penetrated and it does start to look from a profitability perspective anyway like theyre more in mature markets, but at this point it's really too difficult for us to give you color on when thats going to happen.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And I just want to underline what Mark was saying as far as the decision making for the company, if you look at our technology infrastructure and upgrader tech infrastructure, from a design element were going from much of a call a batch data design to real time design. Batch data is data comes in and goes into some data warehouse, analyst come in, analyze it, a decision is made and based on that decision you take actions, real-time is a total flow of data coming in, you are analyzing the data on a real-time basis and you make decisions real-time and that kind a same idea, that tech design idea is something that were taking to our business. And we are making, we dont want to be making a decision on Trivago marketing investments based on something that someone put on a piece of paper as part of our annual plan because then the paper is kind a running your business. We are instrumenting our businesses so that we are making the right tomorrow and the day after and the day after, and the day after and whatever the result is then thats an optimized result for real business purposes and for the purposes of our investors, then an optimize result to hit a number on a piece of paper. We take our annual guidance with you seriously but there are lot of different adjustments that we are making with our businesses and we make those adjustments real-time we dont make it because someone put a target on a piece of paper.
Operator: We move next to Dan Wasiolek with Morning Star.
Dan Wasiolek: Just wondering what percent of your total bookings are coming via direct and maybe how that's trended over the last year and any commentary on how you might view that trending over the next few years? Thank you.
Mark Okerstrom: Carefully guarded information, but I'll give you some directional color on it. One is that, obviously as we have built these big loyalty programs both in Hotel.com and at Brand Expedia and certainly Orbitz does have this benefit as well with the Orbucks program. You do build on your direct business thats one of the core strategies of having those loyalty programs. So, as those programs mature and they are getting big we do see an increasing amount of our bookings coming direct. So, thats the first point Id made. Secondly, as in our mature markets like U.S. we do see a significant amount of our business coming to us direct type in responding to email using the app for example. And in less mature markets where we dont have establishment the vast majority of traffic actually comes to us from variable channels and the goal is over time and we do this as we enter new markets and as they mature over time is to acquire these new customers and have them turn into repeat customers and build a business in places like Vietnam and Korea for example, that look a lot like the U.S. I think Dara had has made some comments over the course of last couple of quarters calls that one of the trends that we have seen is that the growth rates of our direct channels and the growth rates of bookings from our indirect or variable marketing channels were starting to get close together and I think thats a trend that we had continued to see, and we are hopeful that something that can continue over a long period of time as we built these loyalty programs and as our international markets mature. 
Operator: At this time I turn the call back over to our speakers for the additional or closing remarks. 
Alan Pickerill: Great. Thanks, everybody, for joining the call today. Dara, do you have any closing comments?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, just great job to the Expedia team on the world wise basis and in particular to the teams that are working on the Orbitz migration, it's a lot of work we appreciate it and a big welcome to the HomeAway team. So, thank you very much. Look forward to an exciting 2016. Thank you. 
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-29 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Alan Pickerill - VP, IR Dara Khosrowshahi - President & CEO Mark Okerstrom - CFO & EVP, Operations
Analysts: Mark Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Brian Fitzgerald - Jefferies Tom White - Macquarie Research Eric Sheridan - UBS Douglas Anmuth - JPMorgan Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Heath Terry - Goldman Sachs Michael Millman - Millman Research Jed Kelly - Oppenheimer Ron Josey - JMP Securities Ken Sena - Evercore ISI Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company Aaron Kessler - Raymond James
Operator: Welcome to the Expedia's Q3 2015 earnings call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Alan Pickerill, Vice President Investor Relations at Expedia. Please go ahead, sir.
Alan Pickerill: Thank you very much. Good afternoon, everybody, welcome to Expedia's financial results conference call for the third quarter ended September 30, 2015. Pleased to be joined on the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, Expedia's CEO and President and Mark Okerstrom, our CFO and EVP Operations. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, October 29, 2015 only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise the information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate or similar statements. Please refer to today's press release and the Company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You will find reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release which is posted on the Company's IR website at IR.ExpediaInc.com. I encourage you to periodically visit our Investor Relations site for important content including today's earnings release and an updated investor deck. As a reminder, we sold our 62.4% ownership stake in eLong on May 22, 2015 which was previously a consolidated entity of Expedia, Inc. For GAAP accounting purposes the results of eLong are included in our results through the date of the sale. But in order to allow investors to compare our current results on a like-for-like basis with our historical results, our commentary in the earnings release and on this call is principally focused on our results excluding eLong which should be considered in addition to the GAAP results on a fully consolidated basis. Finally, unless otherwise stated all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense and technology and content expense also exclude stock-based compensation and depreciation expense. And all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2014. With that I would like to turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Alan. The third quarter was another strong one for Expedia building on the very good results we saw in the first half of the year. It all starts with the unit growth and ours was excellent -- room night growth of 36%, air tickets up 31% and car days up 30% year-over-year. Excluding Orbitz gross bookings grew 18%, revenue was up 15% and adjusted EBITDA grew 17% with our performance nicely above what we had expected when we last spoke. Note too that we achieved these results despite considerable foreign exchange, revenue margin and deal expense headwinds. Our teams are executing well. Let me quickly cover a few other key matters I'm sure are of interest to all of you before handing it over to Mark. We were pleased to have closed the Orbitz transaction on September 17. The teams immediately began integration planning, working quickly to determine how best to bring these two leading travel companies together. As we've said before orbitz Worldwide is a global business and as such is significantly more complex than our prior integrations. The bulk of the integration work is expected to take place over the next nine months with certain businesses such as Orbitz Partner Network and Orbitz for Business pushing out to a year or more. That said, we're off to a strong start and the teams are working hard to bring the companies together as quickly and as efficiently as possible, making sure that our travelers and supplier distribution partners are all taken care of in the process. We have decided to move the Orbitz.com and CheapTickets businesses onto the Brand Expedia platform and we will look to look for leverage opportunities across the Orbitz portfolio brands. Mark will cover the near-term financial expectations for the Orbitz business in his remarks. Our hotel supply position continues to improve and this year we added 14,000 properties to our inventory, now up 29% year-over-year. We continue to invest in people, processes and technology across our supply organization and are on boarding new hotels in record time at higher quality than we ever have. We expect to see some variation in seasonality quarter to quarter and expect property additions in Q4 to outpace Q3. We continue to have aggressive plans for property growth over the long-term. Now I'm sure you have questions regarding any potential impacts arising from recent developments in the TripAdvisor instant book product. To the extent that Priceline's participation accelerates instant book global penetration, we would anticipate additional volume pressure in the TripAdvisor channel. While certainly not a positive, TripAdvisor has been a shrinking share of our overall demand pool for some time. Note too that TripAdvisor is one of our lower margin channels, so the impact on profitability will most likely be muted. Lastly, I will tell you that we're very happy to have Trivago, one of the fastest-growing major global hotel meta-brands, as part of our family. You have seen us invest aggressively in that brand; you should expect the same moving forward. Now a fundamental part of our strategy is to continue to develop our marketing and product efforts relating to our proprietary direct channels. There are three areas that I would like to highlight today, loyalty, mobile and attach. On loyalty we continue to see good progress in terms of customer loyalty and repeat behavior. The hotels.com rewards loyalty program which recently surpassed the 20 million member milestone, continues to see strong growth and in fact is one of the fastest-growing marketing channels for that brand. Our Expedia Plus rewards program now has over 12 million members and has launched in 27 countries just this year with two more to come by year-end. Turning to mobile, mobile web for us is about new customer acquisition and app is about cementing those new customers into loyal repeat users. We see great traction in both channels, especially on the conversion and product side with our OTA brands seeing a range of 40% to 60% of traffic and 20% to 40% of transactions booked on mobile overall. I think it is safe to say that mobile has transitioned from being a profit headwind to a key component of our core offerings and a channel and product where we see significant potential going forward. Last and certainly not least we have in our portfolio now the preeminent full-service OTA brands such as Brand Expedia, Travelocity, hotwire, Wotif orbitz, CheapTickets and eBooker's and that means lots of air shoppers. Today, not including Orbitz, we see over 7.5 billion annual air searches which is likely to increase over time and drive real opportunities to upsell into ancillary air product and fair offerings as well as cross-sell into hotels apartments, vacation rentals, rental cars, car hire, local tours and activities, insurance and more. We have just scratched the surface here in an area where we believe we have a substantial lead and a strategic advantage. Next on the agenda is to execute this very same playbook with rail. We're coding up a new rail product as we speak which we plan to launch next year. The vast majority of our profits come from our direct channels and efforts like these represent the strategic growth drivers of the Company now and moving forward. We have had a terrific year so far and I would like to take a moment to thank our employees for all of their hard work and for a job well done. Tremendous effort is going to improving our capabilities in our business each and every day. With that I will hand it to Mark.
Mark Okerstrom: Thanks, Dara. One quick reminder before I get started. We sold our 62% stake in eLong on May 22 and financial results for that business are included in our GAAP results on a consolidated basis through that date. To aid in comparability and to focus on the parts of the business that are ongoing, our comments today focus on Expedia, Inc. results excluding eLong. The overall trajectory of the business remains strong with the third-quarter results broadly consistent with the trends we have seen throughout the year. Strength across our breath of leading brands and across geographies continued with rare exception. Our core OTA segment, Trivago and Egencia are all having solid years with strong execution and good financial results. Top-line growth was again driven by robust unit growth across all major geographies. Room night growth remained strong for all of our major brands relative to first-half growth rates, leading to global room night growth of 36% year-over-year, a slight acceleration from 35% last quarter. The inorganic impact from recent acquisitions added approximately 8 percentage points to global room night growth in Q3. Note that due to purchase accounting rules we don't recognize revenue or the related room night volume from acquisitions which was booked prior to the close date and therefore the impact on hotel revenue and room night growth from Orbitz was de minimis. Domestic room nights grew 25% in Q3 while international room nights were up 50%. Revenue per room night was down approximately 15% this quarter while ADRs were down 6%. These metrics are similar to those we've reported in Q2 and the factors influencing our room night economics are largely the same as they have been for a while. Foreign currency accounted for a little more than half of the decline in revenue per room night while deliberate reductions in hotel margins and, to a lesser extent, the impact of our loyalty programs and other incentives accounted for the rest. We continue to be happy to trade some of our unit economics to drive volume and global scale. Air revenue grew 19% on ticket growth of 31%, partially offset by a decline in revenue per ticket of 9%. We continue to see fast ticket growth from Brand Expedia on the back of the consolidation of the AirAsia Expedia joint venture and the benefit of innovating on the platform. In addition orbitz contributed 6 percentage points to air ticket growth this quarter. Excluding all inorganic impacts air revenue would have grown 4% on ticket growth of 19%. Our advertising and media business which is made up of Trivago and our Media Solutions group continued growing nicely with Trivago growing standalone revenue 27% or approximately 49% currency neutral. Media Solutions also grew at a healthy rate and Orbitz contributed 2 percentage points to ad and media growth this quarter. We continue to drive to a P&L that reflects aggressive sales and marketing investment around the world to expand our global reach and drive long-term growth, while gaining scale and leverage in other key expense categories. Excluding the impact from Orbitz, the P&L we delivered in Q3 was consistent with this approach. Selling and marketing growing a bit faster than revenue, low cost of revenue, technology and content and G&A growing slower providing leverage. Importantly, our results for Q3 also include the layering in of the Orbitz standalone financials for the 14 days of the quarter that we owned the business. As we told you to expect on our Q2 call, the impact from Orbitz on adjusted EBITDA was indeed negative in Q3, primarily as a result of purchase accounting impacts which when taken with approximately $7 million of deal and integration costs, resulted in a negative impact of approximately $17 million in adjusted EBITDA for the quarter. At the top line Orbitz contributed $421 million of gross bookings and $19 million of revenue. Now I would like to cover our financial expectations for full-year 2015. I will give some color on our expectations both excluding the impact of the Orbitz transactions or on an apples-to-apples basis with prior guidance, as well as including the impact of Orbitz so you can fully understand the relevant impacts. Given performance to date and the trends we're seeing we're now forecasting full-year consolidated adjusted EBITDA growth, excluding eLong, of 12% to 15%. On an apples-to-apples basis relative to prior guidance for Expedia excluding eLong and excluding all impacts of the Orbitz transaction in Q3 and Q4 we're forecasting full-year 2015 adjusted EBITDA growth to come in near the high-end of that range. On the other hand including all impacts of Orbitz for both Q3 and Q4 which were not included in our prior guidance, we expect full-year adjusted EBITDA to be near the lower end of our range. In total we expect a full-year negative adjusted EBITDA impact from Orbitz of over $32 million with approximately $15 million coming in the fourth quarter. This includes integrated related costs as well as Orbitz operating results which, as mentioned, will be negatively impacted by purchase accounting rules. Although we plan to give you more color on our Q4 call regarding the likely impact of Orbitz for 2016, I'm able to share some additional perspective today. Based on the current trajectory of Orbitz on a standalone basis we believe the business would have delivered full-year 2015 adjusted EBITDA of roughly $135 million which we think is likely lower than Street expectations. However, with the benefit of a more detailed integration planning we have been able to do since the closing of the transaction, we now have a better view on synergy realization timelines as well as run rate synergy potential. Though there is still much work to do and details to iron out, what I can tell you is that we now believe that there is meaningful upside to the $75 million in run rate synergies that we projected at the time we announced the transaction. We expect these synergies to layer in slowly in the first half of the year, ramping to near run rate by the end of 2016. With that, let's move to Q&A. Operator, will you please remind participants how to queue up for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. We will take our first question from Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Mahaney: Two quick questions for Mark, one for Dara. Mark, how far are you from ending the margin reductions on the hotel side? Like when do you think you will get to parity or where you want to get to? And then that 36% growth in room nights, you said 8% was from acquisitions, you compared it to 35% last quarter. Can you just give us the apples-to-apples comparison versus last quarter, i.e. ex acquisitions, what that growth rate would have been? And then, Dara, big picture, you know the question is coming up. Airbnb, can you just talk about what kind of impact that is having on your business, material or not and how you think about them -- competing with them or if they are going forward? Thank you.
Mark Okerstrom: In terms of margin reductions we do expect them to continue through 2016. They will start to mitigate in the back part of the year. And then you have got some and realization of that. So I think we will be well into 2017 before we see ourselves in a position where that is no longer a significant headwind for us. With respect to room night growth, I'd say listen, on an apples-to-apples basis organic around 28% really for both quarters this quarter and last quarter. So we really see really consistency in the strength of just the core business. Dara, do you want to take the Airbnb one?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, as far as Airbnb goes, you can tell by the results that any effect that Airbnb has had on us is immaterial at this point. We don't see it in the business, it is not affecting us directly at all. If anything we think that Airbnb may be getting a new class of consumer into travel. It is typically a lower price point, it appeals to millennial's and we think that, based on different occasions, sometimes some consumers will opt for rental type inventory and sometimes they will opt for hotels and we think the hotel product is a great product and it certainly shows up in our numbers. That said, it is adding supply into the market, into the lodging marketplace. And that supply is addressable to a certain portion of the population. So our belief is that it will put pricing pressure in certain markets where you see a significant amount of Airbnb inventory. We have heard sporadically from some of our market managers that there are certain periods that would be absolute peak periods where a town would totally sell out -- where it is not quite selling out. And actually that translates into goodness for us because we wind up having hotel inventory to sell and market to our consumers during a time where previously we wouldn't have that inventory. So, so far when we talk to call it the crew on the ground who really knows what is going on in the business, they view it as a positive versus a negative. It is clearly product that is important for a certain group of people, so we will look to build out our rental product over time. First order of business is the traditional hotel product, but we're adding apartment type product and we will continue to add it. I think incrementally it will become a more important part of our mix next year and going into the following years.
Operator: We will go next to Justin Post with Bank of America.
Justin Post: Dara, a couple questions that might help us think about the next couple years. First, OTAs have been around 15 years and yet you are growing domestic room nights 25%. Can you talk about the penetration of online bookings in the U.S. and then we'll think about international later, but two or three years into it? Priceline arguably was nine years into their purchases of some of the booking.com platforms, but how much more room do you have to improve conversion or other things with that tech platform? Or do you think you might be running out of room? Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as the OTAs go, I just think that anyone now who is looking to travel or looking to research or book travel is going to look at OTAs. And I think we have become mainstream. The numbers that we see as far as online penetration are in the 40% to 50% range. And while there is some, you have to believe in the law of large numbers that online penetration is going to slow down. I think our brands are becoming more relevant, our supply is getting better, our sites are getting better and faster, our service is improving. So it really does look like we're taking share from some of the smaller players who can't make the kinds of marketing and technology and customer service and loyalty investments that we can. So I think at this point it is a game of not just online penetration increasing, but also our gaining share versus a number of other players. Keep in mind that we're still just a single-digit percentage of total room nights in the U.S. So we really think we have a long way to go and the teams are executing well. This is the teams that are accomplishing this. On the tech platform, we look pretty carefully at what we call our win rate. We're obviously running thousands of tests that are powered by thousands of hypotheses by our product teams. And we look at our win rate versus call it neutral or a loss rate. We look at the average size of win; in other words if we have a win is it -- what does that look like on a percentage basis versus the base case. And our win rate and the average size of win continue at rates that are pretty darn attractive and conversion continues to be a tailwind. So while theoretically we think that there is a high watermark that we might be hitting, we haven't seen it. I do think that our increasing our supply and increasing the quality of supply and just the number of hotels is kind of a new tailwind that we hadn't seen in the past couple years. So I think the conversion is not only a factor of the product and the tech platform, but it is also a factor of the good work that our supply team is doing. I would add just one thing about the tech platform is that -- one thing that really touched me about the tech platform is step one was the platform was about the user experience, was really about the website experience that the consumer saw. That tech platform now is going down the stack and, for example, our hotelier experience, the tools that we're offering our hoteliers are improving rapidly. We're arming them up with so much more data. Our hoteliers can look up how many people are looking at their hotel, how many people looked at their hotel and booked on arrival hotel. They are able to do it on a website, they are able to do it through an app, etc. This tech platform is -- the benefits that we're getting from the tech platform are much broader than just the consumer. And we think that we're just getting started on the other parts that typically don't get headlines but are quite valuable.
Operator: We will go next to Naved Khan from Cantor Fitzgerald.
Naved Khan: I have two questions. One sort of related to [indiscernible] and Priceline's decision to participate in that. How do you see your own participation change on the Google hotel product? And how do you see Priceline's participation change in Trivago maybe? And then I had a question on China. Are you seeing any kind of changes in demand in China outbound?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, as far as the instant book product goes, we have worked with Google very closely on their hotel product, various parts of their hotel product. And I think we talked about previously that it was our intention to test and learn with Google on the book on Google. We thought the branding, the clarity that they sent to consumers was right on. So it is our intent to test and learn with them and we will let the data and what our consumers tell us essentially drive the long-term decision there. As far as Priceline participation on Trivago, it is unknown. Trivago is now pretty aggressively testing out a product that looks like Instant Book. We think that there is a lot more clarity again on where the consumer is booking their travel. Trivago is simply trying to optimize that path versus let's say gather consumer data to upsell them other stuff. So they are very, very focused on just optimizing that consumer experience in that moment. The test is happening in Germany and so far we like what we see. And many of Expedia brands are participating and I think the Trivago team is excited about rolling out that product. We will see if Priceline participates or not.
Mark Okerstrom: And specifically on that they're on -- 90% of their traffic on desktop in Germany is live with the product, 50% app. And they are looking forward, based on the encouraging results they have seen, to starting to roll this out to English-speaking countries over the course of next year. So very promising. I will take your China outbound question. Listen, I'd say no major change for us. It is hard with a country that big which is growing travel so fast, for us to perceive different movements either way. Again, we're participating in China both through our Expedia affiliate network business that powers a lot of the leading players in China with our international hotel inventory, also through hotels.com, also through Egencia and Trivago is putting its toe in the water I would say in China. And we're looking forward to implementing the broader commercial relationship that we have with Ctrip through the back part of this year and the beginning part of next year. And so we do think, at least for us anyway, China outbound remains a very big opportunity and we continue to like what we see there.
Operator: We will go next to Brian Fitzgerald from Jefferies.
Brian Fitzgerald: You have mentioned before there are kind of two stages of leverage as you step through an acquisition integration. One is getting the brand onto the common platform. And then two comes as the data starts to flow and you can learn and optimize. So, just curious on the second point with recently completed integrations where are we? And then with the Orbitz integration it sounds like the optimization timeline is consistent with these prior endeavors. You get it on the platform and then the optimization comes over the course of one to two quarters. Is that the right way to think about it?
Mark Okerstrom: Yes, I think you have broadly got it right. The two that we're nearing the end of that process with are of course Travelocity where we did the tech integration really through last year and we started the marketing integration that you speak of this year. We're probably three quarters of the way through the process with Travelocity right now and we like what we see. That is a brand that has continued to be a growth brand lapping over everything. So very encouraging. Wotif is probably a quarter through. It is on the platform, we're training the marketing models. They've just launched a brand-new brand campaign in Australia which we're pretty excited about, it is one of their biggest ever and that is really aimed at returning that iconic brand to iconic status. And I think, listen, those are good parallels for Orbitz generally. That said, as Dara said in his prepared remarks orbitz is a bigger business. Orbitz is a more global business. Even if you look at Orbitz and CheapTickets, I mean these are businesses that have been, I would say compared with Wotif or compared with a Travelocity, a little bit closer to optimization already. And so, I think for the Orbitz business, even though the playbook is the same, the caveat is that we could see, when we flip it over to the platform, actually a moment where conversion might degrade and we actually have a little bit more of an optimization period to go through. So I think that is the caveat that we really don't know the answer to yet, but aside from that I think it is a very similar playbook.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And I think the other thing to add with Orbitz is that whereas with some of the other brands Travelocity, Wotif, we put them on our platform and that was it, there are some very interesting things and technologies and processes that the Orbitz teams have developed. We love their loyalty program, so that is a feature that we will look to build on our platforms, but it is their idea, their conception, etc. And there are technologies that they have built around air search, around connectivity with various providers. Those are, again, super interesting technologies that they have built. The talent there is really good. So, I think while Orbitz will move on to the Expedia platform, we're going to look for Orbitz to improve the Expedia platform as well.
Operator: We will go next to Tom White from Macquarie.
Tom White: You talked a little bit about attach rates for air. I was just wondering have you guys seen sort of similar inflation in CPCs for air queries like we have seen in hotel over the past 12 to 18 months, be it from maybe the air carriers and consolidation in that space? Or is air query still just a cheaper way for you guys to get traffic and hopefully cross-sell it? And then just maybe an update on Trivago profitability. Can you kind of give us a sense of your view on long-term margins for that business and maybe a timeline for when you might be able to scale back the investment there a bit? Thanks.
Mark Okerstrom: Sure. As far as air queries go, in general air CPCs tend to be lower than hotel CPCs and air revenue per unit tends to be significantly lower than hotel revenue per unit. We have not to date aggressively participated in variable channels in air because of the revenue and profitability per unit that air has had historically. We think that we're in a position now to participate more aggressively in some of these variable channels. And the growth rates that we see in those variable channels are very significant, but off small bases. So, air tends to be much more of a direct business, so the attach revenue tends to be higher-margin revenue so to speak. But we're very much looking forward to participating more aggressively in variable channels on the air side. There are some variable channels such as meta in the U.S. on the air side where we can't participate based on some of the kind of deals, agreements that the meta channels have with some of our air partners. So, while I think there is growth in the variable channel for air, it is not going to quite look like what we see in the hotel product, but it is nice upside versus where we're now.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And then Tom, just on Trivago, listen, I think what we look for in terms of the long-term profitability or what we look at when looking at long-term profitability is what we see in their major mature markets, markets like Germany, the UK, France, Italy. And what we see there is a margin structure that quite frankly looks a lot like TripAdvisor essentially, it is a big media business that is growing nicely with attractive margins. The phase we're in right now however continues to be that we're able to take those profits and put them into new opportunities. The story continues to be told in the U.S., Canada and Australia. The growth rates in the U.S. continue to be very impressive and U.S. awareness is now up to one in every second American has actually heard of Trivago coming from a point of obscurity in 2012. So we're really still in that investment mode. We do think that the U.S. market will start to mature probably into next year, but then we look at some of the other markets where they have entered recently. I mean Japan, for example, we're seeing revenue actually quadruple year-over-year, fivefold in Brazil, in the Middle East it is sevenfold in some places. So there still continues to be pockets of real great opportunity for Trivago and we continue to be very willing to invest in that. But again, the thing to keep in mind here is that we do have the model where we can actually see what long-term profitability looks like. We're just in a mode right now where we just have too many attractive investment opportunities to drop that to the bottom line.
Mark Okerstrom: We could very easily turn that business into a profit business and it is really about the incremental opportunity that we have for our next investment dollar. And at this point Trivago has been very strategic for us.
Operator: We will go next to Eric Sheridan from UBS.
Eric Sheridan: A bigger picture question again coming back to marketing channels. Appreciate the color on trip and book on Google, but how should we be thinking about the relative ROI you are seeing today across your marketing channels? How are you thinking about how that might develop in the coming years or what that might mean for marketing leverage in the business? Thanks, Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. In general, our ROI in the various channels has been fairly consistent this year versus last year. The amount that we can bid in certain geographies such as Europe has gone down on a CPC basis because of foreign exchange. But our efficiencies, sometimes they will go up, sometimes they will go down based on the bidding dynamics of the auction on a local basis. But when we look at our overall efficiency this year versus last year in the larger channels and Google and trip and Trivago and some of the social channels the efficiencies haven't changed much. What we do look for is channels that are significantly call it new customer acquisition channels and then our capability on moving those new customers into repeat customers through call it direct channels. The more we're able to convert those customers the higher kind of toll we're willing to pay for those new customers. And it has been a formula that has been going on for a while and it is pretty comfortable. So I would say right now things are pretty stable. The only I would say notable new factor is that the mobile channels for us are beginning to become more affordable so to speak. We had to -- call it two, three years ago when we were bidding into mobile we had to go in at substantial loss in order to build up volume, in order to test and learn, in order together data so that we could optimize our product. Those losses now have been significantly mitigated. And while we're still in investment mode on mobile, it is a nice story on a year-over-year basis for us.
Operator: We will go next to Douglas Anmuth from JPMorgan.
Douglas Anmuth: I just want to circle back on Instant Book. It seems like some participants recently -- some of the hotels and then OTAs who have recently joined, they are seemingly getting more control over their brand in messaging and perhaps customer service than was originally contemplated in the service. So just try to understand still I guess why it is not appropriate for you and if there is something in the dynamic that could change that going forward. And then also do talked about the platform some in terms of the Orbitz synergies. Can you just outline more the biggest sources of upside versus what you were originally expecting there? Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi: On the Instant Book basis we think that the trend of let's say participants getting more control over their brand of the better customer experience of not being confused about where they are booking -- we think that is a positive trend. TripAdvisor continues to be an important channel for us and we're in constant discussions and dialogue with TripAdvisor. So, based on how we see the treatments of Instant Book we will make our decision. At this point we're not in, but from a long-term perspective this is certainly a product that we have the option of participating in and we will keep that option open. There is no reason to close it one way or the other and we will keep revisiting it. At this point obviously you can see that our growth rates are very, very healthy despite let's say the short-term stance that has hurt us which we think is a good long-term stance.
Mark Okerstrom: And then, Doug, just on Orbitz synergies, one of the big pivotal decisions that we made recently which opens up incremental opportunity was the decision to put Orbitz.com and CheapTickets.com on the Brand Expedia platform and that opens up a bunch of opportunities that go beyond what we said on the call initially which was really access to our global hotel footprint, access to our technology platform potentially and reduction of some corporate costs. And really what has opened up now is that once Orbitz and CheapTickets are on the Brand Expedia platform, not only do they get access and get to ride on the test and learn machine that Dara has spoken about frequently around just all the testing we do and the product getting better and better. But they instantly get access to our global footprint of not only just global hotels but air, car, vacation packages, activities, etc. So the product envelope gets widened. The other pieces of this though are that as we have dug into the business we have seen that they did have and they spoke about it, fraud and chargeback problems. That is something that we can help them with instantly as part of the program. We do have a global customer operations team which has truly global scale and has huge amounts of efficiency benefits. They will immediately go onto that. And then the cherry on top of all of this, as Dara said, is that they do have some great technology around some of the air technology they have built, some of their loyalty technology that we use to make our overall product better as well. So those are all of the things that add up. Of course we don't know the exact amount yet, we're not ready to update the exact amount. What we do know is those things add up to what we think is some meaningful upside.
Operator: We will go next to Lloyd Walmsley from Deutsche Bank.
Lloyd Walmsley: Sticking with the Orbitz and the synergy theme, can you just give us a sense -- I think you said $135 million in standalone EBITDA had Orbitz kind of been independent. It seems like that would imply a pretty quick improvement on the fraud issues they were facing. How much of that will be -- kind of require be platform transition and how much can you do even ahead of that? And then as a follow-up to that, can you just give us a broad sense for how much of the synergy, maybe either using the 75 as a baseline or your revised projections, just how much will come from the revenue side on better terms from hotels or better air terms and how much of that is going to be coming off of the operating expense side? Clearly they had a lot of non-marketing operating expense that would seem to be able to come out of the business. What are the kind of pockets there that we should be thinking about?
Mark Okerstrom: Sure. I will give you a bit of information now and then on our Q4 call we will be able to give you some more detail because, of course, there is still a fair bit of detail for us to work through. On the $135 million, listen, I'd actually say that the Orbitz team has taken some very positive steps to stave off the fraud problem that they have been facing, but we think we can help them significantly beyond that. So, I think they have stemmed a lot of the losses. But again, we think we can do that plus keep the conversion benefits that sometimes get hurt when you take certain steps to stop fraud. In terms of how much firm revenue, how much from cost synergies, we're not going to provide a ton of detail on that at this point again. We're still working through the detail. Obviously there is a cost component around public company costs, etc., that we mentioned and there are some redundant teams if you will, but we're not really getting into too much detail. I would tell you though that we --even though we think there is a cost reduction opportunity that will create synergies on paper for the deal case, it also presents a huge recruiting opportunity for us. We have about 1,000 open positions at Expedia that are in our base operating budget that we guide you to. But we just have open positions. And what we find at Orbitz is a very talented team. We're looking to place people that may find themselves redundant in as many of those roles as we can. We do think we're going to have some meaningful technology and product capabilities in addition to Orbitz teams located in Chicago. And we think this is a win-win opportunity across the board.
Operator: We will go next to Heath Terry from Goldman Sachs.
Heath Terry: I guess one just sort of housekeeping question. Are there plans either through an 8-K or some other disclosure to cover the Orbitz results for the part of the quarter that wasn't included in your results? And then looking at the gross differential between bookings and revenues and I know you guys have touched on this a couple of different ways, is there a path that you could see that would lead to those numbers converging over time? Largely thinking is there a way that as the business stabilizes you start to see revenue growth that looks more like your bookings growth?
Mark Okerstrom: Sure, Heath, so I will take that. We're not going to provide at this point information around the part of the quarter that was not part of our results. We will be putting in our investor presentation a page that lays out the impact of Orbitz on our results for the 14 days that they were part of it. And we will also outline the guidance update that I gave on this call. But we aren't going to provide anything beyond that at this point. There is some pro forma data in the Q that you can see tomorrow that can give you a little bit more color. In terms of growth differential between bookings and revenue, listen, the big driver there continues to be what we have been doing on the hotel side, it is reflected in our revenue per room night. A big chunk of that is foreign exchange but also just the deliberate margin reductions we're doing. So as I said to Mark on the kickoff question, I think we're really well into 2017 before we expect to see those pressures abate. And I think at that point you could expect to see those growth rates converge. And then I would also say the bigger that Trivago gets that can be a tailwind for it as well because of course they are not in gross bookings at all, they are just a net add to revenue.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think revenue mix between air and hotel and then revenue mix between media and hotel are also separate factors.
Mark Okerstrom: They will get better if our air volumes slow down which doesn't seem to be happening at this point.
Operator: We will go next to Michael Millman from Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman: So following up on some previous questions. First, on China, does the acquisition have any effect on outbound? And on inbound, have you seen yet a pricing effect? Also, following up on --.
Mark Okerstrom: Michael, to be clear, what acquisition are you talking about?
Michael Millman: I'm talking about Ctrip's acquisition or combination with [indiscernible].
Mark Okerstrom: You mean Qunar which was a sub of Baidu, is that correct?
Michael Millman: Yes, thank you.
Mark Okerstrom: Okay, just want to be clear.
Michael Millman: And secondly, can you talk maybe a little bit more detail regarding your growth in repeat customers is accelerating, not accelerating, maybe some numbers? And relatedly, are you seeing growth or accelerated growth in conversions as well? Thank you.
Mark Okerstrom: Sure. On China it is really too soon to tell as to how the Ctrip and Qunar transaction will affect how those respective businesses are run. Our admiration for the Ctrip team has only increased with that deal. We think it is strategically super, super smart. James and Jane and team are clearly executing not only well on the ground, but also strategically. And I think you also heard that the changes in the one child policy that I think James supported for a long time. So that team is executing well on a number of fronts. We have very strong relationship with Ctrip as part of the eLong deal with eLong. And also we have been doing business with Qunar as well for a long time on the outbound business. So we think that our outbound volumes will continue with them, it is just too hard to tell at this point as to whether the deal that was announced will have any effect on those volumes. We don't think so, but you never know until you know. As far as inbound volume goes I would say the same thing, there is plenty of inbound volume going to China as well. We haven't seen any material change since the announcement, but it really is early at this point. As far as the growth in repeat customers, we don't disclose a bunch of data there, but I would certainly confirm that the growth rate of our repeat customers, if we look at it this year versus where we were three, four years ago is much more healthy than it had been. And it is a natural factor in that we're bringing in more new customers from the variable channels and so there is a mathematical factor in that a certain percentage of them turn into repeat customers. And the activity that we have in our core product, loyalty, etc., is also improving our repeat rates which is a very nice contributor to call it the core profit engine of the Company. So the trends that we see there are certainly good trends and it is something that we're much more focused on now than where we were call it three, four years ago. Three, four years ago it was about product conversion, reaching into variable channels. Now it is not only those machines but also increasing our supply base and then increasing our repeat customer base as well. And then I think you asked a question on conversion as well. Conversion continues to be a positive factor. We don't disclose how positive one way or the other, but it continues to be a nice tailwind for the business.
Michael Millman: Can you disclose relative how positive, is it accelerating positive?
Mark Okerstrom: It is good. That is all we will disclose.
Operator: We will go next to Jed Kelly from Oppenheimer.
Jed Kelly: Can you just give us an overall update on your tours business and how the latest TV campaign has been doing? And then another big picture question, can you just touch on your overall vacation rental strategy?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, sure. We're very, very, very and just in case you didn't get it, very excited about our tours business. It is growing at triple-digit rates and it is -- the product has improved, that team has worked for a long time on improving that product and it is a product front to back. And the product, as you know now, is available in mobile, we feature the product on TV. And this is, as far as the technology revamp, etc., this product was really revamped and launched into the marketplace based on the new tech platform really this year and the team has been optimizing aggressively. And it shows in the results. And I think we're very early, we think we have got many, many years going forward of our tours product improving substantially and we're just starting. But I'm really excited for the team and I can tell you the team is pretty pumped right now. As far as our vacation rental strategy, we touched on it. We think that it is an important product. At this point we're more focused on our core hotel product, it is kind of order of operations. And as you have seen this year, we have accelerated bringing in incremental new hotel inventory. And as we go down the path, especially going into next year, we think that we will start adding more vacation rental apartments, etc., inventory because we do think that fundamentally it is a type of lodging that clearly customers are interested in and if customers are interested in we will look to offer it to them.
Operator: We will go next to Ron Josey from JMP Securities.
Ron Josey: Dara, I wanted to get your thoughts on just rate parity requirements. Some European countries and France were talking about specifically if hotels can offer lower prices than Expedia or Venere how do you compete with that? And then also just quickly on your 50% room night growth in international, I wonder if there's anything specific that is driving that. So meaning is there -- are you focused on any one particular geography or is this just better overall execution? Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as rate parity goes, we're comfortable with where we stand and we agreed not to call -- kind of enforce rate parity provisions that we had in our contracts and I think we're generally in a good place with the EU regulators. Listen, our hotels can list their product in our marketplace for free, it is an on-demand marketplace, they can be in it, they cannot be in it, they can put their inventory in, etcetera. And what we found and our hotel partners have found is that the better inventory they put into the marketplace the better they perform and they are completely free to do what they want. What we have seen is that hotels want volume. And in general there is kind of a good self-reinforcing mechanism going on and our marketplace, as you know by our volumes, has gotten stronger. Our relationship with our hotel partners in general has gotten better. And when we look at the quality of our inventory, the quality of our inventory has increased, not decreased, since some of these issues have come up. So, we absolutely want to be supplier friendly. We want to be on-demand. And I think that as our partners experience our marketplace more it is a marketplace that is they want to participate in more and I think our price decreases don't hurt either.
Mark Okerstrom: And then Ron, on the hotel room night growth, I would just remind you that the impact of the Brand Expedia Asia joint venture consolidation and Wotif are both tailwinds to this metric on an inorganic basis. That said, we're seeing pretty broad organic strength in a bunch of places, Eastern Europe is strong, Africa is strong, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Indonesia. I mean, these are all places that have growth rates that are high-double-digits, in some cases triple-digits. So, it is a mix of things. But just keep in mind the acquisitions do bolster that number.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think one interesting note on our international room night growth is that we're seeing an increase in international-to-international destination and especially call it travel closer to home. I'd say we're a great platform for international travelers, but our APAC-to-APAC, our Europe-to-Europe business, our in country business is the strongest segment of our business on a room night basis. On an ADR basis that actually puts a little pressure on our ADRs which is as you start to move into business that is less international and more domestic you tend to move into categories that are lower ADR. So we think that this long-term, this kind of shift in demand and supply is going to be a long-term room night positive but we will put some pressure on our ADRs. But we think overall that is a more healthy marketplace.
Operator: We will go next to Ken Sena from Evercore.
Ken Sena: So, in looking at the Trivago revenue and also the inter-segment elimination, it seems as though over the last year reliance on Trivago has increased quite a lot in terms of the Expedia portion. First, are we correct to think about it that way? And second, as you look at Priceline's entrance into instant book can you say how or if it changes the calculus at all for you in terms of thinking about joining them maybe more broadly as just meta platforms become more end to end? How does the dynamic change in terms of reliance as far as OTAs on meta? If you could maybe sort of look out a few years that would be very helpful. Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Ken. So on Trivago, the Expedia brands and really sort of all the big brands in Trivago are generally gaining share. It is an analogous situation to what you see in the broader industry. I would say though particularly one of the things that drives Expedia's share gains in Trivago is the fact that they are expanding into markets where we're exceptionally strong, markets like the U.S., Canada, Australia for example. And so, that just plays naturally into our strengths. But again, beyond that, our performance in Trivago is dictated by the strength of our platform, the conversion benefits we're driving as well as the capabilities of our teams and the full teams across those function are doing pretty darn well. Data, do you want to take the second question?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. As far as Instant Book goes, listen, Priceline is our largest competitor. They are a very strong competitor. As you know, they are awfully smart. So we look at everything that they do with a great degree of interest and we would be stupid to act otherwise. So we will take a look at how they participate in Instant Book and they will certainly enter into our calculus. I just can't tell you what the answer is going to be.
Ken Sena: And then maybe just look out in terms of meta players being tethered in some way or another to an OTA and does it change the dynamic over time, we're going to be looking at experiences that go more end-to-end where it really is about the exclusivity of the supply that you have?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think that in this industry you are getting various players and various experiences roll into each other in a way that is, that has changed and you are not going to have kind of these clear delineations between experiences the way that you had. Reviews is something that is very big on our site now. We talk about our review content, we talk about reviews and how it affects our conversion. Review used to be something that was only in Trip Advisor's bailiwick, now it is a big part of TripAdvisor, but it is something that is core to our product just like it is something that's core to their product. They are more involved in the booking path. You have seen us and various players test with meta-like product on the OTA path. So I think a lot of these experiences are getting melded together. This is an industry that we had a young person who recently joined our Company and I would like to spend some time with them. And he said, God, your industry has so many people competing with each other and working -- there is more competition in your industry than I have ever seen. And sometimes when you are in the middle of an industry you kind of don't have that perspective. A lot of these experiences are coming together. We don't know exactly where it is going to shake out, but we're trying to optimize for the customer experience and our partner and supply experience. And I think so far what we're doing is working, what TripAdvisor is doing is working, clearly what Priceline is doing is working. And I think the bigger players are going to keep growing. This is a hugely fragmented marketplace and I do think these experiences are coming together. We just don't know exactly where it is going to shake out. Our interest is pretty simple in keeping our consumers and partners happy.
Operator: We will go next to Kevin Kopelman with Cowen and Company.
Kevin Kopelman: Could you just touch on how you are thinking about the rail opportunity and what you are working on with the new rail product that you mentioned? Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi: The product hasn't been launched and I think you know by now that we test and learn this stuff. So fundamentally rail is an incredibly important way -- a transport mechanism for consumers all over the world, it is super important in Europe, it is very important in the APAC regions. We're hoping it will be more important in the U.S. but it is not as large a factor in the U.S. So this is just really important product. I think that it has been typically underinvested in as far as online travel agencies go because there isn't much money in the product itself. But I think that as we have built out our attach platforms, having context as to where the consumer is going I think is going to give us lots of upsell opportunity. And then increasing the frequency of touches with our travelers we think is going to really increase loyalty, especially on the mobile side, both of which are really good things. So, we don't know exactly where this journey is going to take us. But we think that it can add to this theme that you have heard from us which is air gives us terrific context as to where people are going, gives us lots of opportunity for delighting them. And I think rail which is a pretty commonly used product can be something very big over the next three to five years. We're going to start small but we're getting started now.
Operator: We will go next to Aaron Kessler with Raymond James.
Aaron Kessler: A couple questions. First, just on Trivago, looks like [indiscernible] about 37% last quarter to about 27%. Anything specific there or is it just rule of large numbers? And second, on Orbitz, traditionally they have been softer or a little weaker in international and on the hotel side. Anything you are going to do or is it just really being on the Expedia platform will help Orbitz out on both of those areas? Thank you.
Mark Okerstrom: So Trivago, I would just say it is a little bit of a law of large numbers. I mean the U.S. is now their largest market. They are well deep into clean comps into the U.S., so that is a big factor. And remember, foreign currency is just a big headwind on this business. They are a euro denominated business and foreign currency neutral 49% year-over-year growth. So we're still pretty happy with that. If that's a slowdown, we're okay with that. On Orbitz yes, they are traditionally weaker international hotel, etc. and also product mix. Definitely that is something we can help them with. Having access to our global footprint of now over 270,000 hotels around the world, having access to our international air and car and soon rail content can only help the Orbitz business. I think as Dara mentioned, we've become pretty darn good at attaching hotel to air tickets. And one of the great things about Orbitz is they have just got a ton of air traffic. So we think that is a good opportunity which should help them on the hotel side as well.
Dara Khosrowshahi: We certainly saw a strengthening and a product mix shift with Travelocity when they came onto our platform. And we expect to see a similar shift -- I think Orbitz on balance was stronger in hotel than Travelocity was. So maybe we won't see as much upside, but we saw it happen with Travelocity and hopefully we will see it happen with Orbitz as well.
Operator: And with no further questions in the queue I would like to turn the call back over to Alan Pickerill, Vice President Investor Relations.
Alan Pickerill: Great. Thanks, everybody, for joining the call today. Dara, do you have any closing comments?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, just a big thank you to our employees for another great quarter and to our investors. You should know that this is a team that is not satisfied with where we're. We always want to do more, we will always want to do better. We want to give better service to our customers and we're not done by a long shot. It is not a bunch of people here who are sitting comfortably in their seats. So we're looking forward to further travels with you. Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-30 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Alan Pickerill - Expedia, Inc. Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc. Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.
Analysts: Justin Post - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. Naved A. Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co. Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Kenneth Sena - Evercore ISI Ron V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC Jed Kelly - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker) Kevin C. Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Dan Wasiolek - Morningstar Research
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Expedia's Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Alan Pickerill, Vice President, Investor Relations at Expedia. Please go ahead.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia, Inc.: Thanks, Kevin. Good afternoon, everybody, and welcome to Expedia Inc.'s financial results conference call for second quarter ended June 30, 2015. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, Expedia's CEO and President and Mark Okerstrom, our CFO and EVP of Operations. The following discussion including responses to questions reflects management's views as of today, July 30, 2015, only, and we do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on the call today are forward-looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate, or similar statements. Please refer to today's press release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You'll find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the company's IR website at ir.expediainc.com. I encourage you to periodically visit our Investor Relations site for important content, including today's earnings release and an updated investor deck. Please note that we sold our 62.4% ownership stake in eLong on May 22, 2015, which was previously a consolidated entity of Expedia, Inc. For GAAP accounting purposes, the results of eLong are included in our results through the date of the sale, in order to allow investors to compare our results on a like-for-like basis with our historical results. Our commentary in the earnings release and on this call is principally focused on our results excluding eLong, which should be considered in addition to the GAAP results on a fully consolidated basis. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense, and technology and content expense also excludes stock-based compensation and depreciation expense, and all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2014. And with that, let me turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Thanks, Alan. Second quarter was another solid quarter for Expedia. We once again saw healthy unit trends across products, with global room nights up 35%, air tickets up 26%, and car rental days up 35% year-on-year. We were pleased with the revenue growth of 15% and adjusted EBITDA growth of 12% for the quarter. Our core OTA segment continued to perform well, led by strong top line growth for brand Expedia and Hotels.com, our two biggest businesses. We also saw healthy revenue growth from Travelocity and EAN, along with an inorganic tailwind from Wotif and our AirAsia/Expedia joint venture, which we now consolidate as a result of increasing our ownership stake to 75%. Of particular note, we continue to see very good growth rates for Travelocity even as we anniversary the ramp-up of that business last year. We're also optimistic about Wotif's potential to grow organically over time, despite near term FX headwinds, now that it's fully integrated into the Expedia platform and with the team starting to iterate on the site and on marketing channels. As was the case last year, we continued to see strong progress in new hotel property acquisition around the world with approximately 27,000 additional properties this quarter, including some recently integrated Wotif properties. This is a significant milestone as we now have added more properties in the first half of 2015 than we did in all of 2014. We've got a very long runway here and we expect to spend the next several years building out our global lodging inventory. From a technology perspective, we recently completed a move  a project move, Venere, onto the Hotels.com platform. This is similar to our efforts in the last few years to extend the Brand Expedia platform to brands such as Travelocity and Wotif. We now have a global full service OTA platform in brand Expedia and a global merchant agency standalone hotel platform in Hotels.com, each capable of powering additional brands. Based on our experience thus far, we believe that these two platforms represent unique competitive assets which can be leveraged to draw further top and bottom line growth going forward. We continue to invest heavily in our technology capabilities to round out our service offerings, adding car rentals and activities to the Brand Expedia mobile app, adding the cruise product on to the new platform for Travelocity and innovating a supply facing technologies such as real-time reviews, which allow our hotel partners to receive feedback from travelers live during their stay to improve the overall guest experience. Regarding the announced Orbitz transaction, we don't have any significant additional news to share today. We continue to cooperate with the DOJ, providing information and answering questions. We continue to believe that the transaction should be approved and then close in the back half of the year. trivago continued to see very strong growth, generating standalone revenue of $143 million in the second quarter and $487 million on a trailing 12-month basis. trivago generated an adjusted EBITDA loss of about $9 million in Q2, pretty consistent with the second quarter of last year, as we continued to invest aggressively in selling and marketing and as we moved into the busy part of the travel shopping cycle. We expect to continue to invest profits from higher margin markets into developing markets in order to grow trivago globally. A note on China, although we did sell our ownership stake in eLong in the second quarter, I want to be clear that we're still participating in the huge long-term growth opportunity that China represents. We have ongoing commercial agreements which give us access to the outbound Chinese travelers of Ctrip and eLong and expect both to bear fruit over the near and long term. Hotels.com and EAN are growing fast in China, although off of a small base, and Brand Expedia has a presence in Hong Kong with more to come in the region. We expect to continue to invest to build our long term prospects in China, and although our exposure to the domestic Chinese travel market is reduced for the near term, we were pleased to be able to draw substantial value creation for our shareholders through the eLong transaction. In closing, I'd like to thank our teams around the world for all of their efforts and in doing so celebrate for a moment a very good first half of the year. We must remain focused on driving strong execution and great innovation. There's still a lot of work ahead of us and competition remains as fierce as ever. With that, I'll hand it over to Mark.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Thanks, Dara. One quick note before I get started. As mentioned earlier, we sold our 62% stake in eLong on May 22. Financial results for eLong are included in our GAAP results on a consolidated basis through that date. To aid in comparability and to focus on the parts of the business that will be ongoing, our comments today focus on Expedia Inc. results excluding eLong. The overall trajectory of the business remains very strong, as has been the case for some time now, with the second quarter results broadly consistent with Q1 trends and a bit better than we had expected. Strength across our breadth of leading brands and across geographies continues with rare exception. Our core OTA segment, trivago and Egencia are all having solid years with strong execution and good financial results. Top-line growth was again driven by robust unit growth across all major geographies. Room night growth remains strong for all of our major brands relative to Q1 growth rates, leading to global room night growth of 35% year-over-year an acceleration from 32% growth last quarter. Domestic room nights grew 24% in Q2, while international room nights were up 50%. The inorganic impact from Wotif and the consolidation of the AirAsia/Expedia joint venture added approximately 7 percentage points to global room night growth this quarter. For comparison, last quarter excluding eLong, inorganic impacts drove over 5 percentage points of room night growth. Revenue per room night was down just under 16% this quarter while ADRs were down almost 6%. The factors influencing our room night economics are largely the same as they have been for quite a while now. Foreign currency accounted for a little less than half of the decline in revenue per room night, while deliberate reductions in hotel margins and the impact of our loyalty programs and other incentives accounted for the rest. We continue to be happy to trade some of our unit economics to drive volume and scale. Air revenue grew 14% on ticket growth of 26%, partially offset by a decline in revenue per ticket of 10%. We saw a significant acceleration in air ticket growth from Brand Expedia this quarter on the back of the consolidation of the AirAsia/Expedia joint venture, along with continued strong performance as the team innovates on the platform. Excluding inorganic impacts, ticket growth would have been 20%, a nice acceleration from Q1. Our Advertising and media business, which is made up of trivago and our Media Solutions group, continued growing nicely with trivago growing standalone revenue 37% and net revenue after intercompany eliminations 25%. On a standalone FX neutral basis, we estimate that trivago revenues were up 67% year-over-year. On the expense side, we saw significant leverage and cost of revenue and technology and content expenses. Note that technology and content expense growth was lower than we expected, largely due to lower-than-forecast head count, higher capitalization rates, and to a lesser extent the timing of some R&D tax credits. Going forward, we are expecting more elevated year-over-year growth in tech and content expense. General and administrative expenses grew faster than revenue, primarily due to about 6 percentage points of growth from increased M&A related costs and an additional 7 percentage points from the inorganic impact of recent acquisitions. Absent these impacts, G&A would have grown about 11% and leveraged nicely. Direct selling and marketing grew faster than revenue as we continued to invest aggressively to drive global growth and ramp spend ahead of the busy travel season. Indirect selling and marketing costs grew slightly faster than revenue as we continue to scale up our lodging supply team. The net result was adjusted EBITDA growth of 12% for the second quarter. From a cash and capital deployment perspective, we issued a 650 million bond at a coupon of 2.5% in the second quarter, with an eye towards financing a portion of the pending Orbitz transaction. We are also happy to announce a 33% increase in our quarterly dividend, payable in the third quarter to $0.24 per share. Our approach to capital deployment remains the same, and we will continue to balance the allocation of our cash flow between opportunistic M&A and returning cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. In terms of financial expectations for full year 2015, we are maintaining our adjusted EBITDA guidance for Expedia excluding eLong in line with our prior guidance range of 10% to 15%. Though Q2 came in a bit better than expected, we plan to put that upside back into the business mostly in Q3 to drive continued growth. And as a reminder, our guidance this quarter comes with the same caveats as last quarter. We remain cautious about where we will fall in our guidance range, due primarily to significant remaining foreign currency headwinds, which have gotten slightly worse since our Q1 call. Please note that other than some heightened legal and professional fees we are currently carrying, our financial expectations do not take into account material impacts of the potential Orbitz transaction. In addition to integration costs, consolidation of Orbitz's results could result in a negative near-term impact on our consolidated financial results, due to the impact of purchase accounting rules which disallow the recognition of deferred revenue which is on the books of the acquired company prior to closing. Finally, I will also note that primarily as a result of selling our stake in eLong, we were able to lower our expectations for our full-year effective tax rate to a more normalized mid-20% range. With that, let's move to Q&A. Operator, will you please remind participants how to line up for questions?
Operator: Thank you. We'll take our first question from Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Thank you. Maybe two questions. First, it looks like you've really been able to accelerate room nights, and is that primarily just your tech platform generating higher ROI or better conversion rates? Anything you want to kind of call out there, maybe supply is helping. And then, on the competitive side, a lot of noise out there about TripAdvisor and Google taking bookings, how do you view that? Can you participate? And do you see that as a potential headwind down the road? Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Sure, Justin. As far as the room night acceleration, I'd say it's a game of inches and a lot of inches coming together. It certainly starts with the websites and the websites' ability to convert. If you don't have a great website that's very easy to use, easy to understand, you're nowhere in this business. So it does start with that. But we have our marketing teams always looking for new demand veins that we can reach on an affordable basis and it's really the website and those marketing teams working together that have been able to get us to a state of accelerated room nights growth for some period of time. And we have no reason to think that that's going to change. I think the other two factors that you would add to it that are a bit more recent are obviously the addition of new hotel supply, 27,000 hotels. As we are going down the line in bringing in new hotels, on average they tend to be smaller hotels, so the contribution per hotel is something that we would expect to come down over a period of time, but obviously the number of hotels that we are adding has increased. There's some cannibalization in larger markets, but we think the new hotels are certainly a nice positive for us. And the last factor that I discuss is that we are seeing an increased percentage of our business in general coming from repeat customers. We've been investing very aggressively in our loyalty programs and our customer service to keep customers coming back. It is those repeat customers that account for the majority of the profit of the company. And that repeat customer base has been growing as we've been investing in those customers as we've been growing our loyalty programs and increasing the benefits there. So every part of what I described plays a part in the growth. It's about the site, it's about marketing, it's about supply and it's about repeat. And when you get it all right, you get a pretty good formula. For the time being we have it right and we have to very much stay on our toes to keep competitive in this marketplace, because there are a lot of players competing for that customer attention. As far as TripAdvisor and Google building out booking capability et cetera, listen, this is nothing new. It's something that has gone on for some time, as you know, as far as TripAdvisor goes. We do participate in the TripAdvisor marketplace as an advertiser. We are not participating in trip Instant Book. So from a theoretical standpoint, we are getting a smaller addressable market in the TripAdvisor marketplace and my guess is a lot of that market is going to the hotels direct. That's not new. And that's a headwind that we've been facing but it's a headwind that we've navigated pretty well and we're hoping to navigate on a go-forward basis. And in general, our business with TripAdvisor is growing. We do see Google make some moves in the area. And I'd say one difference that we see with the Google treatment of the bookings is that the Google treatment tends to be much more clear that the booking is actually with the OTA and Google is not the merchant, et cetera. It's really making the payment process easier rather than trying to own the customer one way or the other. So we do anticipate testing out with Google and testing out some of the other treatments and seeing how it affects our customers and our customer satisfaction and our economics in general.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Okay. Thank you for taking my questions.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question?
Operator: Next to Naved Khan with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please go ahead.
Naved A. Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Yeah, thanks. TripAdvisor spoke about seeing some CPC weakness in its international geographies. As ad buyers you should be seeing a net benefit of that. So any comment you can provide there would be helpful. And then, I had a question on in terms of travel conditions in Europe and what you are seeing there.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Sure, Naved. Listen, we  if I just focus on Europe, we're not seeing real changes in the local currency CPC environment. Most major geographies are seeing CPC increases. When we look at trivago, they are seeing broadly speaking across Europe, CPC increases. Certainly the foreign exchange impact makes those look worse on translated basis, but again in local currency we continue to see a healthy environment. CPC is up, ADR is up, occupancies look strong. And really that rolls into the travel conditions in Europe. We are continuing to see similar trends to what we mentioned last quarter, which is we're seeing an increased mix of European travel staying in Europe and the addition of an increased propensity of Americans to travel into Europe and across the board, I think with a few obvious exceptions in Southern Europe, we're seeing a lot of health in the European market. Thanks.
Naved A. Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: And then, anything to add with respect to better ad efficiency on TripAdvisor?
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: We don't like to comment on specific efficiencies in specific channels. I would say that we continue to be broadly happy with the efficiencies we're seeing across all channels and we haven't seen a marked change really across the board.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Maybe happy, maybe broadly unhappy or happy.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Instantly mildly unhappy.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Yeah, it continues to be a competitive marketplace.
Naved A. Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Thank you. Next question, please?
Operator: We go next to Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Dara, you talked a little bit about the China outbound opportunity and Expedia is still part of that. Could you talk about how interesting of a market that is, call it in the next three to five years? Is that the largest outbound market that a global travel provider like Expedia is likely to look at and frame it as an opportunity for us? And then, just talk briefly about vacation rentals, any new updated thinking on that opportunity for Expedia? Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Sure. Sure. As far as just the sheer scale and the size of that market as an outbound market, it's one of the top markets for us and I think for any travel provider out there. I think that the Chinese customer is quite different in what they're looking for in their behavior and their device mix. So I think that it is a market that in general has been difficult to reach for Western companies. That doesn't make it impossible, but it has been difficult to reach for Western companies. And as a result, we see our exposure going forward being partially organic through the building up of some of the brands that we have there and then through partnership. Partnership with eLong and Ctrip in certain aspects of the business and then our EAN business going out and offering our global inventory, both on a standalone basis and on a package basis. And you can imagine that the Chinese outbound business is quite package-related and our ability to offer package inventory on a global basis with the kind of scope that we have has proven to be quite interesting to local Chinese travel providers and we see the partnership opportunities there already pretty strong and we think we've got a lot of runway ahead of us. So this is not a one-year thing. It's a multi-year thing. And we won't be competing as much as we had in the past for the local Chinese customer, but we are very much involved in both the Chinese outbound business and inbound business going into China as well. I think on vacation rentals, listen, I think we continue to test and learn. We have a partnership with HomeAway. We're expanding that partnership into Europe and we're testing and learning in certain European markets and we're very excited to do that because the vacation rental market tends to be quite strong in the European market, so we absolutely want to be there and we're happy to be there with the HomeAway team. I don't think that we've hit kind of on a magic bullet at this point, so we don't see the additional inventory at this point materially increasing our revenue per shopper, but we think the customer experience at this point isn't what it needs to be and we think we can materially improve the customer experience and we're hoping that will add to our customer satisfaction and also help our revenue per shopper. And we're working with HomeAway on that front and we'll look to bring in additional inventory as well.
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you, Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question?
Operator: And we go next to Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC: Thanks, guys. A couple questions, are there any near-term or long-term impacts on the business in your view from the recent rate parity changes in Europe, noting that they don't go into effect until August 1? And then, Dara, in terms of your comments around integration efforts with Wotif and the Venere consolidation, are all those fully bolted on or do you still have small tasks or tweaks you need to do in terms of getting them onto common platforms?
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Yeah, I think as far as the near or long-term impacts from rate parity changes, I'd certainly say from a near-term standpoint, we don't see a change. The fact is that customers come to our site looking for the best availability and the best prices. Any hotelier is free to list on our sites as long as they treat our customers well, as long as they meet certain standards. And the hotel partners would give us the most attractive inventory both in terms of pricing and availability. Those partners are going to be the ones who do best because the customers are going to pick that inventory. It's as long as the customers can find cheaper prices and they can find great availability, they will tend to move towards those partners and we don't see that changing. It's happened for many, many years and we think it'll continue for many, many years. From a long-term perspective, we think this normal economic law will take care of itself. But I think it's too soon to make comments on the long-term. This is something that is new. We're comfortable with it and we'll look to manage it on a go-forward basis.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: And, Brian, I'll just take the integration question. Wotif, Travelocity, Venere really all fall into this bucket. All of them are substantially complete with respect to the technology migration. Venere is now fully on the Hotels.com platform. Wotif, Travelocity is fully on the Brand Expedia platform. What's left to do there is really around the areas of marketing optimization largely. We've got to build a track record of performance on these websites in order to train our online marketing models, and there's also some back office type stuff. But I would think of them as substantially complete with optimization yet to come.
Brian P. Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thanks, guys.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question?
Operator: We go next to Lloyd Walmsley with Deutsche Bank.
Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. Two if I may. First, just kind of big picture  in the markets where you're kind of coming in as a new entrant behind competitors already in the market at lower take rate, makes a lot of sense to move take rates lower to build supply in new markets. Just curious, can you talk about what's happening in the markets kind of where you are more established? How you feel take rates are progressing and where you think it will go in the future? And then, a second one, just on the supply growth in the quarter, it looked really strong. Curious how much of that came from the SynXis kind of 20,000 properties that they have versus some of those may have already been ones where you had a relationship  can you just give us a little color there?
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Sure. As far as our take rates go, while every market is different, I would say the lowering of our take rates in general to both secure new inventory and secure better inventory for existing partners has been broad. So our take rates have come down in the U.S., they've come down in Europe, they've come down in Asia, whether we're a new entrant or not. And we don't necessarily see that changing. We've adjusted our business model to be able to reduce costs to our marketing partners while able to drive good economics for our shareholders, and that's our job and we feel comfortable that we can continue to deliver on that. As far as long-term position et cetera, it's very difficult to tell. The only thing that I know is that there's lots and lots of different distribution channels for supply partners on a global basis. And in order to continue to be competitive as a distribution partner you have to be good and you've got to be cheap. And I don't see that changing. And we're prepared for that world. We think we've been able to grow in that world and we're comfortable with it. As far as the supply growth going, the majority of the supply growth came from kind of call it organic acquisition. We have been investing in our market manager force pretty aggressively and that investment has led us to be able to go out and sign-up hotels on a direct basis. So I'd say the direct sign-ups have been the majority of the increase in supply growth. We had a bit of a nice bump from Wotif. Thank you for that team for bringing those hotels on board. And then we are also signing up hotels through some third parties, but that is the significant minority of the sign-ups that you saw at this point. We're hoping to accelerate it on a go-forward basis.
Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks a lot.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question?
Operator: Next to Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs.
Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great, thanks. Dara, just kind of curious, what would it take for international revenue growth to start to match up with hotel room night growth again? Is there just sort of a business model shift that has to be annualized through here or is there more to it than that?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Hey, Heath. It's Mark. I'll take that one. Really the big drivers for international revenue growth lagging room night growth so significantly are really two-fold. One is just the overall drag in revenue per room night we've seen, which is the biggest component, has been, or a substantial component, has been us taking down our hotel margins. That is a business model shift that'll work its way through over the course of the next few years. Over the course, though, of the last year or so particularly we have seen just a huge impact from foreign exchange and it's largely foreign exchange translation. And so, as we move to the end of Q4 and hopefully into next year, we would expect that to subside a bit as well.
Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: All right. Thanks. Next question, please?
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Millman with Millman Research Associates. Please go ahead.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Thank you. Can you discuss Ryanair? Are they having any impact on trying to get everyone to follow their lead out of OTA or are we hearing more talk than actually what is going on? Where do you see that going in Europe and do you see any of that in the U.S.? And then I have another question.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Yeah, we haven't seen any significant effect from Ryanair. They're a very strong company. They tend to be vocal, but I don't think they're necessarily representative of the industry. We've got very strong long-term contracts with the vast majority of our air supply partners and I'd say that those relationships are getting stronger, not the other way around. One of the pretty important initiatives for us is to move from really just being a commodity provider of air product as far as just showing, call it, the lowest price and schedule, to becoming a value-added player in selling air. So if you look at our air product now, we have more content on the quality of the flights through a partnership with Routehappy and we are adding features such as branded fare, so that  while we will show you the lowest price, you can get some more flexibility. You might be able to get, be able to choose your seat, et cetera, and essentially sell in ancillary type revenue, which is very, very important revenue. If you follow the airline industry the airlines have done remarkably well with ancillary revenue. And we are building out features to be able to assist our airline partners in marketing those ancillary services and revenue such as seat choice, for example. So this is a really important initiative for us. We're seeing nice traction from our air partners and right now I'd say the relationships with the majority of our air partners are most definitely on the upswing.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: So, this is in the U.S. and Europe?
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: This is on a worldwide basis.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Okay. And on U.S. rental cars, Hertz has just come back, it seems, in the market talking about how its fleet is down, and enterprise seems to have finished repositioning. I was wondering what effects you were seeing from these actions?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Well, I would say we're generally happy with our overall car business. As we said, great unit growth, we're innovating on the platform, car rental days were up 35% in the quarter. So we're seeing generally pretty good strength. We have seen little bits of incremental opaque inventory come back into Hotwire, which has been a great thing. But I can say no dramatic changes from quarter-to-quarter. We continue to be reasonably happy with what we see.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Are you seeing any changes in pricing?
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: What we're seeing on our side is relatively flat pricing.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. Next question?
Operator: We go next to Ken Sena with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Sena - Evercore ISI: Hi. Could you just maybe talk a little bit about Expedia and the cross-sell and maybe the package capabilities in tracking the new supply maybe versus price, and perhaps how Expedia, then I think from that perspective is a differentiator, I think as far as how you expand and maybe it's driving some of that growth? And then also if you could comment maybe a little bit more just on the traction that you're seeing within the loyalty program? That would be great. Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Sure. As far as cross-sell goes, we're very happy with our production in the cross-sell area. We measure the percentage of Expedia bookers who buy more than one item for us, bundle item for us, and that number has been consistently increasing over a period of time and it allows a couple things. One is, it often allows us to deliver a discount to the consumer by buying multiple products in one purchase. It's like your cable bundle. You buy your internet and your phone service, and your TV service together, you get a discount. We are offering the internet bundle for online travel and consumers are increasingly taking advantage of it, and they're taking advantage of the discounts there. From a supply partner basis, it also helps and that these transactions tend to be longer dated transactions, so that the supplier can kind of fill up their window, their inventory on a long data basis and they carry with them lower cancellation rates because the consumer was booking multiple things, multiple items, typically is a more committed consumer as well. So, it's proven to be a great value proposition for our consumers. It's a differentiator versus the other standalone players out there, and it's a nice differentiator for our hotel and air partners as well. It's been a nice win-win and that business continues to track along well. I think a coming benefit in that area is going to be our increasingly merchandising mobile offerings to consumers while they're on their trip. So you can imagine that if you've gone to  we know that you've flown into New Orleans, and you download the Expedia app, we can offer you activities in New Orleans. If you got to the airport and don't have a ride, we can offer you a ride to your hotel, and we probably have a bunch of intelligence as to when you're getting to the airport, or where you need to go in your hotel. That is a nascent business. But we think it can really delight our customers, and to the extent that we're selling more stuff to our customers, we can invest more in acquiring those customers, or we can invest more in keeping those customers through loyalty, through other benefits, through better service. So we are very excited about the opportunity we think we're in the early to mid-innings. I won't say that we're in the absolute early innings, because the team is making traction and they're doing good work. As far as our loyalty programs, we continue to see very nice traction there. Hotels.com has got the biggest in the family as far as loyalty goes. There are over 18 million now, Hotels.com rewards members around the globe. I think that of those 18 million members since the program started, I think they stay in 4.5 million hotel rooms for free. So you can have an idea of how much we are reinvesting in these loyal customers, and a higher and higher percentage of our transaction mix and our revenue mix is coming from these loyalty members. The Expedia loyalty program, the Expedia+ was mostly a U.S. program. It's now expanding globally. We're now in 18 points of sale. We're over 10 million members and that business continues, or that loyalty customer base continues to grow as well. This is another differentiator for us and something that we're pretty excited about and something that we think we can extend and grow.
Kenneth Sena - Evercore ISI: Great. Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question?
Operator: Next to Ron Josey with JMP Securities. Please go ahead.
Ron V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to follow-up quickly just on margins. I think Dara you said we are at the longer-term process, but where are you in the process in terms of having these commissions in those markets come down? Are they down enough, or is there still room to go? And then, I guess the real question is around reviews. I think, Dara, you mentioned reviews, real-time reviews, hotels are using them to improve the quality of stays. Can you just talk about the importance of hotel reviews to Expedia, just noticing trivago highlight that in some commercials? Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Thanks Ron, it's Mark. I'll take the first one and then I'll turn it to Dara for the second one. With respect to margins, listen, what we're doing is essentially bringing our margins around the globe down to what we would say our sort of market parity type locally appropriately  locally appropriate margins. We've been at it for, I would say, the better part of 2.5 years to 3 years. We're going to continue to make adjustments through the end of 2015 and could slip into 2016 before we see ourselves really at parity or where we want to get to. And then you've got to annualize those. So, I think you are into 2017 nicely before you see the revenue per room night pressure from the deliberate margin actions recede. Dara, you want to take the reviews?
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Yeah, as far as reviews goes, it's a very important factor in our travelers' decision as to which hotel they pick, second only to pictures I believe. So we are very actively continuing to collect more reviews on our hotels. Our higher-rated hotels tend to do best in the Expedia marketplace, so I think there is a nice incentive for hoteliers to make sure that the Expedia or Hotels.com customer gets a good  gets treated well because not only do those hotels perform better in the marketplace but then over 50 million, 60 million other consumers are reading those reviews as well, so it's very important to treat those customers well. The value that we bring with real-time reviews is that, if you look at our reviews in the past, the customer value for those reviews was that they were all real reviews, right? You knew that a customer stayed at that hotel, they're 100% dependable. We got some complaints from some hoteliers saying, listen I wish I knew about this customer's poor experience. I wish I could do something about a review other than comment, I'm sorry about your experience. So now with real-time reviews, we are asking the customer when they are in the market how the experience was. We are then sending the comments from those consumers either good or bad. We will highlight the bad because you can do something about it to our hotel partners through our Expedia partner tool, which by the way is going mobile as well so that if someone didn't like the room, if someone didn't like their view, if someone did not have towels in their room, the hotelier can do something about it on a real-time basis. And you can imagine that being just a delightful experience if the hotelier does something about it without a complaint coming directly. So we think it's a great tool for hoteliers and we think it could be a terrific experience for our consumers as well. It's early innings, but we're pretty excited about it.
Ron V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC: Super helpful. Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Sure. Next question?
Operator: We go next to Jed Kelly with Oppenheimer.
Jed Kelly - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thanks for taking my questions. Elimination as a percentage of trivago revenue decline sequentially. Is this a big function of the auction becoming more competitive or are there other factors you can point to?
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Sure, Jed. Well, I would say it's up and down quarter-to-quarter based upon competitive factors. I would say the trivago auction is competitive, has always been competitive. Some of this also can be influenced by the geographic mix because foreign exchange is a big factor here and we did see probably a higher portion of international business that had a higher portion of essentially FX headwinds against it in the quarter.
Jed Kelly - Oppenheimer & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question please.
Operator: We go next to Kevin Kopelman with Cowen and Company.
Kevin C. Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC: Thanks. First, could you just give us any more color on your marketing plans for the second half? You said you're reinvesting some of the upside from Q2. Should we expect kind of the levels of advertising spend to accelerate or will it be around the same as what you spent in the first half?
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Sure, Kevin. So we do plan to step on the gas in sales and marketing in the second quarter, particularly in the third quarter, which is a pretty important one for us. We also had in June some spend that we held back on and shifted into Q3. So, I would expect levels to be elevated through the back part of the year, and I think it's a good factor to keep in mind as people are shaping their models.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Kevin, I'd also add that, we don't know how much we are going to spend for the majority of our marketing spend going into a quarter, right? The majority of our marketing spend are essentially it's variable spend. We don't know how competitive the auction is going to be and essentially in some of those marketing channels, the more we spend the better, because we are acquiring more new customers as long as you can do it in a competitive manner. So, when we talk about shifting marketing spend, that's for plan spend, that tends to be offline. And then things can change pretty darn materially, when we are in quarter, and I think our teams have handled it well and they operate within kind of their efficiency formula, so to speak, but marketing spend is not something that we necessarily want to keep predictable one way or the other. We're really about the core economics and we're not about the quarter.
Kevin C. Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC: That's great. Thank you very much.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question?
Operator: We go next to Eric Sheridan with UBS.
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks for taking the question. Dara, I was really interested in your comment around Travelocity that as you are coming up on anniversarying the deal, you are seeing continued strength in the property, and then maybe going forward the property could even be stronger than you thought. So in terms of how you are thinking about properties like that that you bought, what are you seeing in Travelocity? How should we think about the tail for growth that's potential of a Travelocity? And how much of that has to do with marketing spend and how much has to do with integrating it into the tech platform that you guys spent a number of years investing in? Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Thanks, Eric. I think it goes to what Mark was talking about as far as the Wotif integration, the first benefit that we got from the Travelocity integration was higher conversion, because Travelocity was able to piggyback off of a substantial investment that we made on the Brand Expedia platform. There's a second benefit that it got, which is cost efficiency. We didn't have to carry a bunch of secondary cost building out features that had already been built up, probably in a better way. So those two come pretty quickly. And then the teams start optimizing on the marketing side in various marketing channels, and at that point they've got to burn in a bunch of algorithms and a bunch of decisions that have to be made, one, based on the conversion of that site in various channels and two, based on the lifetime value of its customer base. And those factors, while conversion has improved, the conversion of a Travelocity customer, let's say, in the trivago marketplace and the lifetime of value there is going to be different than Expedia. It's going to be different from Hotels.com. So you start moving through a period of optimization in these marketing channels, and I would say it takes a good six months, if not more, for you to start getting these marketing channels to work in the way that they should. And then, if you have a good site, if you've got good marketing, if you've got a great brand, which you see with Travelocity, you tend to have an entity that can grow. And that's what we're seeing with Travelocity. The thing that I would add is that we don't take 100% of those savings to the bottom line. We take some of the savings on overhead and we re-apply them into the brand. So if you look at the Travelocity brand spend this year versus last year, it will be up. We think that's a good thing. And we think the combination of better conversion, better, variable marketing, higher brand spend, that's a formula that you need to grow a business, and our intention with Travelocity is to grow the business. It's been a year. We hope we can do it for multiple years.
Eric J. Sheridan - UBS Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question?
Operator: We'll go next to Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley.
Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking my questions. Just to go back to the Travelocity one for a second, it sounds like the business is really humming along. Any help at all on how many points Travelocity added to the domestic room night growth this quarter? And how should we think about it, Dara, as you kind of continue to experiment on the advertising side and kind of get more efficient in the Travelocity marketing channels going forward? And then the second one, the CapEx was pretty high, I think it was about $366 million. I think that's more than you guys spent in all of 2014. What are the major areas you're investing in, and how should we think about that flowing through tech and content for the rest of the year?
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Sure, Brian. I'll sort of deal with the Travelocity question. It is doing well. We did start to lap over the hotel revenue side of that business in Q2. As a reminder, we started lapping over essentially the gross bookings part of it in the beginning of the year and then revenue lags, and that cleaned out in the back part of the second quarter. So there was some impact, but it's in and around call it the 100 bp type of range. It's not a very significant number for us. We think it can continue to grow quite nicely as we optimize the sales and marketing spend. With respect to CapEx, the biggest thing this quarter was the closing of our transactions for the new Seattle headquarters. And that was a number that hit CapEx pretty significantly. With respect to the rest of it which is largely capitalized software development, I would say just look at the past for a decent predictor of what to expect into the future and just specifically on the real estate purchase is about $229 million of that CapEx was just for that. Okay, next question please.
Operator: Next to Dan Wasiolek with Morningstar. Please go ahead.
Dan Wasiolek - Morningstar Research: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. So you guys have been quite active the last several months with expanded partnerships and acquisitions. At this point, are there particular regions or verticals within in the travel industry that you would like to strengthen either through partnership or acquisition? Or at this point are you guys kind of comfortable with your current portfolio and growing organically from here? Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Hi, I think for the time being, we've got plenty on our plates. We are going to be opportunistic and I'd say especially outside the U.S., we think we have potential. We want our revenue outside the U.S. to be bigger than our revenue in the U.S. So I think to the extent we look for partnerships or acquisitions, it would tend to be outside the U.S. and we think we certainly have our plates full here and we have plenty of work ahead of us for the next couple of months.
Dan Wasiolek - Morningstar Research: Makes sense. Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: You're welcome. Next question.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further  I'm sorry, please go ahead there are no further questions.
Dara Khosrowshahi - Expedia, Inc.: Thank you. So thank you very much for joining us this quarter. Really good work to the Expedia Inc. team and let's keep it up, the year ain't over. And to our investors, we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom - Expedia, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: This does conclude today's call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-30 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Alan Pickerill -  Dara Khosrowshahi - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director Member of Executive Committee and President of Expedia Worldwide Mark D. Okerstrom - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Operations
Analysts: A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Thomas Cauthorn White - Macquarie Research Brian Patrick Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Eric James Sheridan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Ronald V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Aaron M. Kessler - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Expedia Q1 2015 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Alan Pickerill, Vice President, Investor Relations at Expedia. Please go ahead, sir.
Alan Pickerill: Thank you very much. Good afternoon, everybody, and welcome to Expedia Inc.'s financial results conference call for the first quarter ended March 31, 2015. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, Expedia's CEO and President; and Mark Okerstrom, our CFO and EVP of Operations. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, April 30, 2015, only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate or similar statements. Please refer to today's press release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You'll find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the company's IR website at ir.expediainc.com. I encourage you to periodically visit our Investor Relations site for important content, including today's earnings release and an updated investor deck. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense, technology and content expense exclude stock-based compensation and depreciation expense. And all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2014. With that, I'll hand the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Alan. Expedia's off to a strong start this year, and we continue to be confident in our ability to deliver another year of solid results in a healthy travel environment. Aside from the worsening impact of FX translation on our results, our expectations for what we can deliver this year haven't changed. I'm particularly happy with our unit growth this quarter: global room nights up 32%, air tickets up 18% and car rental days up over 35%, all representing share gains in the overall travel market. The major brands in our core OTA segment are executing well and delivering good results. Revenue growth in the first quarter was driven by organic growth of Brand Expedia, Hotels.com and EAN as well as nice contributions from Travelocity and Wotif. I'm also pleased that the pace of hotel acquisition has accelerated in 2015. Excluding eLong inventory, we added almost 14,000 hotels on the first quarter, which represents a pace of acquisition more than twice as fast as the fourth quarter of last year. We expect to continue to grow our marketing management team and significantly increase our rate of innovation and supplier technology to drive ongoing acceleration of hotel property additions. The migration of the Wotif site onto the Expedia platform is substantially complete, a process that has taken less than 6 months end-to-end. We had many an employee give up late nights with their friends and family to make this happen, and we're thankful to all of the contributing Expedia Inc. employees, especially our new colleagues on the Wotif team for their efforts. Wotif is not yet a meaningful contributor to the bottom line due to negative FX trends, purchase accounting adjustments and elimination of certain consumer booking fees. However, we're pleased to have broadened Australian consumers' access to our global inventory. We're seeing early positive conversion trends as a result of our integration programs and expect the business to contribute more to profitability as we move through 2015 and into next year. We've also welcomed the Travelocity marketing teams into our business and are making good progress on migrating tools and approaches. In the near term, we plan to ramp up selling and marketing spend to build momentum for this brand, which is likely to put some pressure on adjusted EBITDA contribution from Travelocity this year. We are seeing double-digit transaction growth year-over-year and are pleased to see the strength of the Travelocity brand in action. Now I'm sure you're all interested in an update on the announced Orbitz transaction. The DOJ made a second request, and we're cooperating with them to make sure they have the information they need to enable them to complete their review by the end of the year. We believe the global travel market is huge and competition is fierce and that the transaction will benefit both competition and consumers. Beyond that, we don't have any additional information to share at this time. trivago continued to see very strong growth, generating stand-alone revenue of $119 million in the first quarter and $449 million on a trailing 12-month basis. We continue to aggressively invest profits from more developed markets to drive brand recognition and global expansion in newer markets. Of particular note, trivago continues to gain in size and strength in the U.S., which now represents their largest market in terms of revenue generated. As a result of the increased investments that we made -- that we mentioned last quarter, eLong drove an acceleration on year-over-year room night growth in the first quarter compared to the growth rate in Q4 2014. Efforts in mobile and supply additions are bearing fruit with mobile growing triple digits overall and representing more than 65% of eLong brand room nights for the quarter. We're very supportive of the eLong management team, are pleased to see our investments start to bear fruit and remain confident that we can create real shareholder value through this asset. Lastly, Egencia saw very good year-over-year unit growth this quarter, essentially consistent with the pace of growth in Q4 and with strength in both the U.S. and Europe. Our new product introductions, such as our iPad app, have been met by enthusiasm by our existing and potential clients. Egencia continues to win new clients at an impressive rate on the back of its industry-leading technology, and we remain confident in its ability to continue to make share gains in the large and attractively managed corporate travel segment. Note that Egencia has a big European business and thus, is disproportionally impacted by FX headwinds. You can see that impact reflected in their reported gross bookings and revenue growth. In closing, while we're pleased with our early momentum, the year is young, and as usual, we have plenty of challenges to navigate. We're clear about our strategy and are fully in execution mode. With that, I'll hand it over to Mark.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Thanks, Dara. Overall themes for Q1 performance are very similar to what we saw in the fourth quarter. Once again, we saw strong performance from our core OTA segment, trivago and Egencia, offset by negative FX trends and ongoing headwinds on unit economics. As expected, the eLong team continued investing aggressively in China, which did put pressure on the consolidated adjusted EBITDA. Top line growth was again driven by solid unit growth across all major geographies. Room night growth accelerated for all of our major brands relative to Q4 growth rates, leading to global room night growth of 32% year-over-year. Domestic room nights grew 23% in Q1, while international room nights were up 41%. We did get a 4 percentage point tailwind to global room night growth from the inorganic impact of Wotif and the consolidation of the AirAsia joint venture. Note that we also comped over the rollout of the Travelocity commercial agreement during the first quarter, so Q2 will be our first clean comp for that business. Revenue per room night was down 13.6% this quarter, while ADRs were down 2.5%. Roughly half of the decline in revenue per room night this quarter was driven by the negative impact of foreign currency. The other half included the impacts of the deliberate reductions in hotel margins to accelerate our global build-out of hotel room inventory and availability as well as efforts to drive consumer engagement and repeat business through our loyalty programs and other incentives. These are very consistent with the factors we have discussed in the past. Air revenue grew 9% on ticket growth of 18%, partially offset by a decline in revenue per ticket of 7%. Ticket volume growth decelerated this quarter as we comped over the rollout of the Travelocity commercial deal in Q1 of last year. This headwind was partially offset by a 2 percentage point tailwind from consolidation of the AirAsia joint venture. On a normalized basis, air ticket growth, excluding Travelocity and AirAsia, accelerated nicely in the first quarter. Revenue per ticket was down as a result of foreign currency headwind, geographic mix and the renewal of certain airline deals in 2014. Our advertising and media business, which is made up of trivago and our Media Solutions group has become quite large and is growing fast. On a trailing 12-month basis, we generated over $0.5 billion of net advertising and media revenue, up 35% year-over-year. For the quarter, advertising and media revenue grew 23% net of intercompany amounts. We also continued to see healthy contributions from our car and insurance products. On the expense side, excluding eLong, we saw expense leverage across cost of revenue, selling and marketing, people cost and technology and content expense. Direct selling and marketing expense grew faster than revenue as expected. As was the case for Q4, general and administrative expenses also grew faster than revenue due primarily to about $8 million of due diligence and other deals costs, without which, the growth would have been more in line with previous quarters and leveraging nicely. The net result in the quarter was adjusted EBITDA growth of 25%, excluding eLong, and a decline of 5% year-over-year, including eLong. Note that adjusted earnings per share was negatively impacted this quarter by an unfavorable effective tax rate. As we mentioned on the last call, due to eLong losses for which we are not recording a tax benefit, we are forecasting an elevated effective tax rate for the full year. Specifically, assuming eLong losses continue at this quarter's level or higher, we expect the tax rate to be in the mid-30% range for the full year. For illustrative purposes, had we applied that rate to this quarter's results, adjusted EPS would have improved by approximately $0.08 per share. In terms of financial expectations for full year 2015, as Dara mentioned, with the exception of foreign currency trends working against us, we're happy with our year-to-date performance and remain optimistic about the year. As such, we are maintaining our adjusted EBITDA guidance for Expedia, excluding eLong, in line with our prior guidance range of 10% to 15%. Note that since the date of our Q4 call, we estimate that FX trends has worked against us by another approximately 200 basis points of full year adjusted EBITDA growth. And as such, we are a bit more cautious about where we will finish in this range. With respect to the shape of the year, again, specifically for Expedia, excluding eLong, I would like to reiterate that we expect the vast majority of our adjusted EBITDA dollar growth to come in the back half of the year. As we move into the balance of the year, we are expecting a deceleration in revenue growth on headwinds from lapping the Travelocity implementation, which are only partially offset by tailwinds from recent acquisitions. And our organic revenue growth rate remains subject to the unit economic pressures, which we have discussed. On the expense side, we continue to expect elevated technology and content expense growth as we digest recent acquisitions and invest behind further fortifying our core technology and infrastructure stack. In the second quarter, specifically, we'll have added pressure on adjusted EBITDA growth as we ramp selling and marketing expense to drive summer season revenue, a good portion of which will not be recognized until Q3 and beyond. Now moving away for guidance for Expedia, excluding eLong, to focus specifically on guidance for eLong stand-alone. ELong's adjusted EBITDA loss of $33 million in Q1 is indicative of the size and scale of the competitive efforts and investments required in that market. We expect the quarterly losses for eLong to be as large, if not, larger than the first quarter loss on a go-forward basis. eLong is a well-capitalized, publicly listed company with a distinct public market valuation, and we continue to encourage analysts and investors to model, analyze and report on eLong separately and to value our eLong position on a stand-alone basis. With that, let's move to Q&A. Operator, will you please remind participants how to queue up for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Justin Post with Merrill Lynch.
A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: It looks like EBITDA for Expedia x eLong came in better than you guided a quarter ago. So just wondering, do you feel better about your organic trends? Or were there any onetime benefits in this quarter? And then secondly, certainly, your room nights accelerated. And then secondly, can you maybe help us a little bit on the factors that will drive EBITDA between the core growth, the Travelocity, AirAsia and Wotif? Just kind of walk us through how those will be plus and minuses this year.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So in the first quarter, we did have good strength in the core business. It was a little bit better than our expectations. But as a reminder, Q1 is a super small quarter. We don't manage the business by quarter, and so from quarter-to-quarter, we can have the shift of some ad spend. And certainly, that happened in the first quarter. With respect to factors that'll drive core EBITDA, excluding eLong on a go-forward basis, really, the big driver there is strength in the core OTA business. This business lives or dies by the strength of Brand Expedia and Hotels.com, EAN, and really, that's the big driver. I mean, we will get some help from Travelocity and Wotif, but as Dara mentioned in his remarks, we don't expect Wotif, for example, to be a big driver or a driver really until the back half of the year. And with our plans for ramping up sales and marketing to build momentum at Travelocity, in addition to the momentum they've already got, we do expect again that benefit to largely come in the back half of the year as well.
Operator: We will go now to Tom White with Macquarie.
Thomas Cauthorn White - Macquarie Research: I guess, if I look at the take rate in your core OTA segment, it looks like the declines on a year-over-year basis sort of moderated a bit in the first quarter. Can you maybe talk a little bit about how we should think about that over the next year or 2? And then just a follow-up. EBITDA at trivago, it looks like there was a nice little EBITDA profit in the first quarter. Has that business kind of scaled to a size where we can expect kind of positive EBITDA in the first couple of quarters of the year? If I recall, typically, they've kind of generated the bulk of their EBITDA later in the year.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Yes. So in the core OTA segment, we did see the model work, and again, we're not really managing this business to adjusted EBITDA margins. That's not the goal. But we did see those margins level out quite nicely, and really, that's just the model and the target P&L working, control on fixed costs and really driving as much marketing contribution as we can through that part of the business. I would just caution everyone again that a quarter does not a business make. It's a highly seasonal business, and I think, particularly in Q1, it's hard to draw any conclusions. In terms of trivago, we did have a nice profit in Q1. A few things driving that. One is the business continues to perform very well, both in its core European markets, but also in the U.S. And the performance, at least on the revenue line, did exceed the expectations a bit in the first quarter. And there's also, with trivago, as you can imagine given the amount of -- particularly television advertising spend that they do, they can also be heavily influenced from quarter-to-quarter by the timing of spend. And there was a bit of timing-related goodness, if you will, in the first quarter as well.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Tom, this is Dara. In reference to your question as well, if you're asking about revenue margin and the comps Q1 versus Q1, remember that last year we were just ramping up Travelocity. So we were having bookings come in, and revenue was being recognized in Q2. This year, we had bookings from Q4 staying in Q1. So we didn't have kind of that negative revenue margin factor working this year. So it's really more of a comps issue than any other fundamental issue one way or the other.
Operator: We go to Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies.
Brian Patrick Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: You said you've largely completed the migration of Wotif onto Expedia platform. Was the cadence there as expected? I know you said you worked really hard at getting it done. And then can we extrapolate analogous timelines for integration, Travelocity systems and tools? And would Orbitz look the same if and when that occurs?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as Wotif goes, it was, I'd say, a little bit better than expected. I think the team performed very well and really worked hard to get it done, and kudos to them. Note that we moved over Wotif.com, but their elements of the business, such as lastminute.au (sic) [lastminute.com.au], Asia Web Direct, that haven't been fully migrated yet. So there is still some work ahead of us, although that work is also very much on a good track. As far as Travelocity goes, the Travelocity migration in general is by no means simple, but it is simpler in that the site has already been migrated. Now what we're doing is really wiring up the marketing systems data, et cetera, so that the Travelocity team can work with the same analytical and marketing tool sets that we have available to our other brands. That work is moving along nicely and should be largely complete within the month. As far as Orbitz goes, no real update one way or the other. Obviously, we're in the middle of the DOJ process, so the amount of information we have and plans, et cetera, are not fully fleshed out. I would also remind you that the Orbitz business is a considerably more complicated business. There are a lot of different business lines, Orbitz for Business, et cetera, so it's a more complex business. And we think that some of the capabilities that the Orbitz business and team have are pretty impressive. And so I think that it's going to be really taking the best of breed and combining some of what they do really well with some of what we do really well. So I think that one will probably be a longer process, and it deserves to be a longer process. But first, we have to get there with the DOJ.
Operator: We go to Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Two questions please. I think it was Mark. You had said something about you were seeing x eLong leverage in sales and marketing. Could you put some context around that for us and say whether we should expect to see leverage in sales and marketing x eLong going forward? And then secondly, could you talk about -- or Dara, could you talk about the impact on bookings, the transactional impact on bookings on FX? And what I mean by that is given these currency moves, so you're just seeing the same sort of demand, but just, European travelers are going to Greece instead of Manhattan. Is that the kind of shift you're seeing, so the dollars are still there? Or are you actually seeing an impact on transactional demand, like just cutting back of vacation package spending?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Mark, specifically, what I was referencing was sales and marketing people. Sales and marketing in total is deleveraging, and direct sales and marketing specifically is deleveraged -- deleveraging. And I would actually say, in terms of sales and marketing people, it's not something that we are expecting nor planning to leverage on particularly this year. The -- one of the large components of that line item is our hotel market management team, and we are ramping up that team pretty aggressively and also lapping over some ramp-up last year. Dara, do you want to take the other one?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. As far as the transactional impacts go, we are definitely seeing a very nice acceleration of U.S. volumes to international markets. That is those numbers were quite positive and continue to accelerate, so Q1 was a very strong quarter for Americans taking advantage of the strong dollar and exploring the world so to speak. And as far as international mix goes, we absolutely do see a higher mix of Europeans taking vacations in Europe. Our beach market package business, for example, is up quite significantly, and we're seeing the same thing with our Asian consumers. In general, we are seeing a mix shift to more local hotels, lower-star hotels, which are typically kind of more domestic-type travelers. Length of stay comes down a little bit. But in general, those trends are, I'd say, positive for us because we are starting to penetrate into domestic and regional travel market, where I would say we are relatively underpenetrated. The biggest negative factor that we see obviously with international bookings is a translation effect. And that's just the negative on revenue, and it's a negative on earnings. And it's something that so far we've been able to overcome, but it will be a challenge for us.
Operator: We go to Naved Khan with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Can you talk a little bit about Hotwire and how that business is performing? And then second question on mobile. Can you provide some incremental insight into either bookings growth there or installed base in terms of apps that you have out there?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as Hotwire goes, I think no significant trends to call out there. The business continues to be challenged. Traffic trends are, in general, looking better and more positive. Revenue per transaction is challenged, especially on the hotel side, where we have -- had to take out some margin dollars in order to give consumers the kind of discounts that they expect in a -- what's a strong market. We are seeing -- we have moved over the Hotwire air path onto the Brand Expedia platform, and we are testing out the Brand Expedia retail hotel platform on Hotwire. And we're seeing some early positive signs there, so that makes us hopeful. And we are launching a new ad campaign for Hotwire in Q2. It will be an EBITDA headwind, but we are quite positive about the ad campaign and expect it to introduce more consumers to the Hotwire brand, which we think fundamentally is still a good brand and a good product. So we're hopeful, but at this point, the business is still on a negative trend from a profitability basis, obviously, made up by some of our other brands. As far as mobile goes, I'd say no necessarily incremental insight one way or the other. It's -- the teams are executing. They continue to execute. Mobile app installs are on a nice trend for all of the brands. In general, mobile web for us now is growing at very significant levels, and we are expanding our mobile product as well. So for example, car rental product is now available on the Expedia mobile app. Hotwire continues to improve its car rental product on the app as well. So the app has turned into a really important channel for us, but it's more business than usual than anything. And of course, we are all excited about the Apple Watch, et cetera. We've got our presence there as far as apps go, and we'll be tracking that and hopefully, talking a bit more about that as we gather more data.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: And just a quick follow-up. With regard to the investment in Decolar in Latin America, how does it affect your presence in that geography on a stand-alone basis?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Well, it's not going to have any impact on us on a stand-alone basis. The Hotels.com team, as far as our owned and operator brand, has the strongest presence in South America, Brand Expedia gone in a few years ago. And Decolar and Despegar are -- it's our having a stake in a set of very, very strong brands, the strongest brands in what's a very large marketplace. It's $100-plus billion marketplace. The LatAm marketplace, obviously, going through some near-term difficulties, but we think long term, it'll be strategic. And the investment was about lining ourselves up with a great management team and a great brand.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Yes. I think the only thing I would add to that is that Decolar, Despegar does have a great and growing supply base in Latin America, and we do expect at some point here over the next year or so to start sharing inventory more actively and potentially getting access to that inventory. And I think that could definitely help our stand-alone prospects in the region as well as well as help Despegar, big win-win.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And of course, we are powering Despegar, the Despegar hotel business in the Americas and international, and we think that volume will be a welcome addition to our hotel partners, especially, for example, in markets like New York and Miami.
Operator: We'll go now to Douglas Anmuth with JPMorgan.
Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Two things. First, just the room nights growth accelerating, so obviously, healthy here. Can you just talk a little bit more about how much loyalty programs are driving and then also, to the extent that you continue to use lower hotel margins as well? And then secondly, Mark, could you just clarify on the 2Q sales and marketing spend, is there anything else that's different here than what you typically do during this busy quarter beyond the pickup in Travelocity spend?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Thanks for the question, Doug. The loyalty programs, particularly the Hotels.com loyalty program, is a big factor and a growing factor in terms of the volume of business that they're getting from that program. That obviously shows up as a contra revenue line item, and you can kind of back into some rough, rough numbers based on some of our disclosures in terms of impact on revenue per room night. And so that's a great piece of business, however. It's business that generally involves high-spending, loyal customers who come through more direct channels, and ultimately, when we look through to the bottom line, we would say we definitely want more of that business as opposed to less of that business. In terms of our hotel margins, listen, the -- there's certainly going to be an impact of lower hotel margins on room night growth. Of course, we have no idea what in fact that impact is. But as a reminder, we are lowering our hotel margins to essentially just be competitive with the local market conditions, and that encourages new hotels to sign up with us and our existing hotels to give us more attractive inventory because they view us as a more attractive channel to distribute through. And in return, that just gives our customers much better product essentially and opens up different marketing channels for us. So there's definitely a connection there. It's hard to draw it completely. With respect to 2Q sales and marketing spend, as I mentioned, there was some timing shift between Q1 and Q2, a little bit of trivago and a number of other brands as well. Travelocity is going to be a factor. Wotif may also be a factor in the quarter. And then, of course, you do definitely have to be ordinary issue of in a growing and particularly accelerating business you have a mismatch between sales and marketing spend and revenue, and it can create some mismatches in profit from quarter-to-quarter.
Operator: We go to Eric Sheridan with UBS.
Eric James Sheridan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So 2 maybe. One on the property additions. Wanted to understand a little bit better there, maybe some color on what drove the acceleration in property additions across all of your brands and how you're thinking about that from a global landscape going out over the next sort of 1 to 2 years. And second, maybe on the marketing side, coming at it from a different angle. The ROIs you're seeing from your marketing dollars today, maybe how you see those evolving by channel, where you might be pushing in or maybe pulling some marketing spend back as you see those ROIs evolve not only across channel but maybe even across regions.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as property additions go, listen, this is part of the, I'd say, formula that we have been setting up. We knew that there will be an upfront cost to hiring the headcount, training the headcount and the field sales force, and to some extent, we bore those costs last year. And now you're seeing a combination of those market managers being trained up and effective. We have improved and invested in our technology so that we can onboard hotels faster when we sign them up and also, linking up that onboarding to our marketing channels, especially our variable marketing channels so that we can produce for the hotels that we signed up even more quickly after a sign-up. So the acceleration was expected, and this is something that we continue to expect to see for the balance of the year. And as you know, there are thousands and thousands more hotels that we can wire up on a global basis, so we think that this is just the beginning of a multi-year journey. As far as marketing ROIs go, I would say that there hasn't been significant shifts one way or the other as far as overall ROIs. We continue to, on variable channels, bid on the various channels based on expected revenue from those channels. Foreign exchange trends in U.S. dollars has, in general, taken down the amount that we can bid, let's say, for foreign demand because average revenue per transaction is coming down in U.S. dollar terms. But from an efficiency standpoint, we are just as aggressive as we have been in the past. I'd say that some of the channel shift that we had seen in the past over the 2, 3 years of the variable channels growing as a percentage of our direct channels, some of that channel shift is slowing down a bit. Our variable channels continue to grow quickly, but our brand channels, Mark made the comment on loyalty previously, the repeat part of our business is growing faster now than it was growing 2, 3 years ago. So the mix shift that we talked to you previously is probably easing up a bit. That's not necessarily good or bad news because we always want to be able to allocate as much marketing money as we can efficiently to the variable channels. But it certainly is good to see the direct channels growing faster than they have been historically, and hopefully, it'll keep going.
Operator: We go now to Ross Sandler with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: It wouldn't be an Expedia quarter if I didn't ask the organic growth question, so I'll just make it a tradition here. So it seems like there's 4 things impacting the growth for -- x eLong. The -- there's Wotif, the second part of Travelocity, the acquired portion, AirAsia and then the negative $5 million from the restructuring. So do I have those all right, a? And then, b, can you just walk us through the contribution to EBITDA, if at all, from those 4 in the quarter? That's all.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Yes. Thanks for the consistency and the question, Ross. The inorganic impact from acquisition this quarter was actually slightly negative. We had purchase accounting adjustments where we were unable to recognize prebooked merchant revenue essentially that we required, and that happened at Wotif, Travelocity as well as AirAsia. I would then sort of lump into that the $8 million of deal costs, and it puts it solidly into the negative. So the story that you saw in Q1 was indeed an organic story, and as we said in the prepared remarks and Dara mentioned subsequently, again, we don't expect there to be a significant tailwind on profitability, if you will, from Wotif and Travelocity really until we move through the back part of Q2 and into the back part of this year. So it's -- our story this year, despite the headlines on acquisitions, very much is an organic story.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And Q2 will have some more purchase accounting as well, so Q2 won't be a "clean quarter". And the second half, you'll see the EBITDA come through more cleanly.
Operator: We go to Ron Josey with JMP Securities.
Ronald V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: I wanted to ask more of a high-level question, maybe to Dara just talking about Expedia's overall core strategy given the investments in the U.S. and Asia with Wotif and AirAsia and then LatAm with Decolar and the Despegar. So wondering if you think -- what else is needed here, maybe trivago is the answer in Europe. But do you think you need more things in Europe? Or are you just still in -- or now you're in execution mode given you've got so much supply?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. I think -- listen, there is no "need" at this point. We are very happy with the portfolio of brands that we have. The core brands, the Expedia, the Hotels.com, trivago, Egencia are global in nature, and essentially, we will want to operate everywhere in the world with those core brands. And we're complementing those core brands with some more local brands, right? The Travelocity brand is going to be a mostly U.S. entity, and Wotif is going to be an Australian entity, et cetera. So the strategy for us is set, we will always be opportunistic from an acquisition standpoint. We definitely want to get bigger in the corporate travel segment, and we're doing so organically with Egencia. But we will continue to look for acquisitions in that segment. We think it's a terrific segment, and we have a great team and a great technology. But in general, we are very happy with our portfolio, and Mark and his corp dev team will continue to sniff out opportunity and strike when they see one.
Operator: We go to Michael Millman with Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: So following up on some related questions about your accelerated new hotels. Can you talk about to what extent you have, I guess, a fear of a middle man being squeezed? And to what extent do you have a fear of Amazon and Google and then maybe others getting involved?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. Listen, you always fear, to some extent, when you have entities like Amazon and Google somewhat involved in the business that you're in. You'd be stupid not to worry about it. That said, Google has been in the travel business for a long time, and they have been a partner of ours for a long time. They certainly have market power, and the European entities are talking to them about that market power. And that's something that should be addressed. But we are a middle man that adds value or a middle person that adds value. These are -- the hotel business is incredibly fragmented. We are making global demand available to these hoteliers through our marketing channels. We think on the technology side, we can add very significant value as far as building great consumer experiences. And at this point, we are seeing our transactional growth and unit growth accelerating, so from my standpoint, we are a middle person who is getting more valuable and certainly not getting squeezed. Now that said, as we scale and as the Internet becomes more ubiquitous, we do have to drive our cost of operations down, and so you are seeing that in our revenue margins. It is something that is tough to execute. It is tough financially. But we've done it for a number of years, and the team understands the task at hand. And the lower we drive those margins, the harder we make it for third parties to get into our business. Fat pigs get slaughtered. And I think that we're in pretty darn good shape, and we're going to get in better shape on a go-forward basis.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: And to touch on something, maybe the competition on the car rental. To what extent in the U.S. is the opaque business gone? I mean, companies keep talking about not offering up any opaque. And to what extent can you offset that with non-opaque reservations? And to what extent you're seeing your car availability now?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. I think that to say that the opaque business is gone would be a giant exaggeration. But specific to the car rental business, the percentage of bookings that are opaque, as a percentage of our overall bookings, are down on a year-on-year basis. We are seeing an offset to that on the retail side. Our revenue per transaction on retail in general in car is lower than opaque, so that does provide a bit of a revenue headwind. But we're making the adjustments. And end-to-end, we are about marketing product to our consumers however they want to consume that product. Sometimes, it'll be opaque during certain cycles. Sometimes, it'll be retail, and we're making the adjustments that we need to.
Operator: We go to Kevin Kopelman with Cowen and Company.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Could you just like give us an update on your thinking on vacation rentals? Do you think this is -- vacation rentals are an important market for Expedia to be in? If so, how are you addressing it?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. I think -- listen, I think vacation rentals are an important market. It's an important product in many, many markets. As to whether it's important for Expedia to be in, that remains to be determined. We have a good relationship with Home Away. We're actually pretty excited about adding their inventory on an international basis, especially in Europe, where that business in general or that product is a bit more popular. And we continue to test and learn with them, and we're hoping that we hit upon a vein and are able to really up our volume in the vacation rental side of the equation. At this point, it's something that we're testing and learning, and we haven't quite hit that vein yet. So is it growing? Yes. But is it significant in our portfolio? Not yet, and we'd like it to be more significant going down the line.
Operator: We go to Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs.
Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: In some of the industry data that's come out over the last -- I mean, really last few months but even the last couple of days showing strength in ADRs in Europe, curious how directly that is -- you see that impacting the business. And as you look at the drivers, at least within your business, behind that, whether that seems to be more a function of Europeans staying local, inbound traffic either from the U.S. or Asia taking advantage of the currency. Would appreciate sort of any insight you can share there.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Yes, happy to, Heath. Listen, generally, I'd say that strength in ADRs is a great thing for our business. Now as it relates to Europe right now of course, for us, being a U.S. reported issuer, it's well offset by the FX impact in terms of our results. But I think there are a few things that are possibly driving that. We certainly are seeing, as Dara mentioned, more traffic going from the U.S. into European destinations. We are also seeing more Europeans staying in Europe but then also staying in their local country. So you've essentially got everyone descending on Europe, and I think that's just creating, obviously, more demand for the product.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I'd also add that from an Egencia standpoint, we're seeing the European business spend actually pretty healthy.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Yes.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think the weak euro is definitely a nice element for European business spend. And again, from a translation basis, as Mark said, it doesn't look so good, but you talk to the Egencia local team and other than, for example, Norway, which is being hit by the oil prices, they feel very, very good and the business is doing quite well.
Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And so as Europeans -- I mean, I guess, to the extent Europeans are staying local more, are you seeing -- and Americans are taking advantage of lower currency benefit, are you seeing less travel into the U.S. or an impact on the U.S. side of business at all?
Dara Khosrowshahi: The European volumes to the U.S. are positive, but they're growing slower than U.S. volumes into Europe and even U.S. volumes into the U.S. Now -- and that's a key for us, which is U.S. to U.S. even is pretty strong. The U.S. consumer feels pretty good. Obviously, our businesses are gaining share. U.S. to Europe is going very well. Europe to U.S. is losing share but still positive.
Operator: We go to Brian Nowak with Morgan Stanley.
Brian Nowak - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: The first one, I guess, just to go back on the strong room night growth. You said accelerating across all 4 brands, and then you mentioned loyalty. Any other factors you would call out that's driving that acceleration? Are you seeing conversion change? Any other things you'd call out to drive the acceleration? And then the second one, just on the lowering of the hotel margins to be more competitive. Can you just talk us through a little bit the strategy kind of process there? Is it a situation where you were previously priced above the local player and now you're coming in line with them? Are you undercutting the local player? Just kind of run us through the strategy there.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. As far as the room night growth and acceleration goes, the key here is that there's no magic bullet. It is the combination of a number of different activities going across the business and essentially everybody doing their jobs well. If you really want to simplify the core of room night growth, it's dependent on 3 factors: how much traffic are you bringing in; how are you converting that traffic; and really, what your repeat rate is. And our -- the traffic growth for the businesses is healthy and in general, has been either generally healthy and/or improving. Conversion has -- continues to increase both for Hotels.com and Expedia, and that is a better website, in general more repeat customers and stronger supply, including the new hotels that we're adding on a local basis. So conversion is positive. And then repeat rate, in general, is positive as well as a higher percentage of our bookings come from repeat customers. We're essentially going out, acquiring new customers, converting them to repeat customers through either their experience, which is a good experience or through loyalty programs. And then you rinse and repeat. And you use those profits to go out and acquire new customers. So it is all of those factors coming together to combine for a healthy room night. Q1 was certainly a number that we're happy with, and hopefully, we can keep our room night growth growing at healthy rates on a go-forward basis. As far as the hotel margins go, in general, we were at higher levels than our competition, especially in Europe and some of the Asia-Pacific markets, and we've moved our margins to be more competitive with some of the local players there. And as we've moved the margins to be more competitive, the hoteliers, the local hoteliers are talking to us, and obviously, they know our brands. They see the amount of demand that we're bringing into the country. They see the amount of foreign travelers that we can bring in, and as a result, the sales calls are more successful, a higher percentage of the time than they were. And we have more feet on the street. So it was, again, an investment that we had to make, kind of an upfront investment. We had to make a bet that the volume will come, and so far, the bet is working out well. But we have a lot of execution to go forward to keep making it work.
Operator: We go now to Aaron Kessler with Raymond James.
Aaron M. Kessler - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Couple of questions. First, on the -- in your company eliminations, I think that was 39% of trivago in the quarter versus about 29% last year. Can you just talk about that increase? And are you shifting marketing spend away from other channels to trivago? And second, if you can just clarify maybe if you have it, the international organic FX-neutral bookings growth.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Yes, Aaron, thanks for the question. The driver of the, I guess, share gains of the Expedia brands -- and trivago is a combination of a few factors. I would say the primary driver is really the factors that Dara explained. It's core execution by our businesses that enable them to do better in variable channels. And I think if you look across a number of channels, trivago included, generally, our brands, the big brands are doing better and are able to take share in those channels. Another factor there is as we continue to build out our hotel base and we add more properties, one of the first places you could see that pickup is in meta-search channels. We're able to drive traffic directly to those properties. I think the third factor is trivago has been expanding very aggressively into the U.S. And Dara mentioned in his prepared remarks that the U.S. is their biggest market now by revenue. And that plays directly into our strength. We have great brands in the U.S. We've got great supply, and so it enables us to do very well in that channel. In terms of FX impact on international gross bookings, it's about 15 percentage points, and we're not going to break out organic versus inorganic at this point.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back over to you, Mr. Pickerill, to close the call.
Alan Pickerill: Great. Thanks, everybody, for joining us on the call today. A replay of the call should be available shortly on the IR site. Dara, any closing thoughts?
Dara Khosrowshahi: No, just thank you very much to all the Expedia Inc. employees who made the first quarter happen, and we're looking forward to hosting you next quarter.
Operator: This concludes our conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-06 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Alan Pickerill - Investor Relations Dara Khosrowshahi - Chief Executive Officer Mark Okerstrom - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Corporate Development
Analysts: Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald Brian Fitzgerald - Jefferies & Co. Eric Sheridan - UBS Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Andrew Boone - JMP Securities Rohit Kulkarni - RBC Capital Markets Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Expedia Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Alan Pickerill. Please go ahead, sir.
Alan Pickerill: Thank you very much. Good afternoon, everybody. Welcome to Expedia Inc.'s financial results conference call for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2014. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, Expedia's CEO and President; and Mark Okerstrom, our CFO and EVP of Operations. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, February 5, 2015 only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate or similar statements. Please refer to today's press release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You'll find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the company's IR website at ir.expediainc.com. I encourage you to periodically visit our Investor Relations site for important content, including today's earnings release and an updated investor deck. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense and technology and content expense, exclude stock-based compensation and depreciation expense and all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2013. With that, I'll turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Alan. 2014 was a terrific year for Expedia, Inc. We delivered healthy top line growth with gross bookings up 28% and revenue up 21% year-on-year. Room nights grew 26% for the year, air tickets were up 28% and we grew our ad and media business including, Trivago, by 50%. At the same time, we made significant investments in areas that will position us for long-term growth, ramping up our hotel acquisition efforts, scaling our global technology platforms, and making key investments to drive growth at Trivago. In total, we were able to balance our near-term profit objectives and long-term investment priorities and deliver full-year adjusted EBITDA growth of 17%. As we move into 2015, we like to talk to you about four distinct businesses in our portfolio: the core OTA group, eLong, Trivago and Egencia, each of which has its own market opportunity, good drivers, competitive dynamics and ultimately value creation potential. Our core OTA group is led by our two flagship global brands, brand Expedia and Hotels.com, and also includes regional or segment brand leaders such as Hotwire, Venere and CarRentals.com in our affiliate business and now Travelocity and Wotif. Over the past several years, we've made significant investments and improved our execution across our online marketing platforms, customer facing technology and supply facing platforms. And while the work is never done, this business is performing well and we are seeing the benefits show up in our operating results. On a combine basis, our core OTA business generated approximately $43 billion of gross bookings in 2014, up about 30% year-on-year. This growth is significantly faster than the industry and we believe we are gaining market share in every major geography. Additionally, we are finding key commercial deals and acquisitions that enable us to leverage our existing technology and operations infrastructure to amplify our growth, such as the deal to power and now own Travelocity, and the acquisition of Wotif. Our platforms and operational processes now allow us to acquire businesses, integrate them predictably and quickly, and realize meaningful synergies while creating improved experiences for our customers and our supply partners. As the performance challenges we've seen at Hotwire demonstrate bumps in the road will always arise in this highly competitive segment. However we believe were executing well and are positioned better than ever. Staying with the theme of challenges, eLong incurred a $27 million adjusted EBITDA loss in Q4 as the highly competitive environment that we talked about during our last call was more than true. We manage our 65% eLong stake independently, and eLong has its own capital so we are not making trade-off investments in other businesses to fund eLong. While we aren't counting on the competitive environment getting any better in 2015, we know that the market opportunity in China is huge, we're confident in the execution capabilities of the eLong team, and are very confident that we're building real value there. As is true in any geography in which we compete, we aren't dogmatic about our approach and will drive towards one simple goal, long-term value creation for Expedia shareholders. Turning to Trivago, we've owned a majority stake in Trivago since March of 2013 and the business continues to grow at impressive rates. If you watch any TV at all in the US, you've no doubt seen the Trivago guy pitching the site as an excellent place to find the ideal hotel at the best price. On a standalone basis for the full year, Trivago generated revenue of over $410 million, up 68% year-on-year and EBITDA $4 million. Note that this includes revenue from all of the other Expedia, Inc. brands. Our focus for Trivago has been on growing the top line rather than profitability and we've been reinvesting profits from core markets at Trivago to fund worldwide expansion. While we expect Trivago to generate adjusted EBITDA growth in 2015, we will continue to trade-off near-term profits for long-term value. Turning to Egencia, we have a terrific corporate travel business here, which exceeded $5 million of gross bookings in 2014. Egencia is growing at healthy rate signing up new business at a fast pace, while integrating platforms in key acquisitions over time. With this business, we're mostly focused on industry disruption, bringing more new products and services and better technology to corporate customers. And although they remain much larger than Egencia, we see the big legacy players on their back foot trying to figure out how they deliver technology and tools to compete effectively with Egencia and other online offerings. We believe this business can grow nicely on an organic basis, but we will continue to look opportunistically at acquisitions to accelerate growth and further scale the business over time. In closing let me say this, while we celebrate a job well done in 2014, we are by no means standing still. Our products and service, while better, have miles of improvement ahead of them. You won't find a single person across Expedia, Inc. who tell you that we are executing to our full potential, but we are finally seeing the arc of the possible. With that, I'll hand it to Mark.
Mark Okerstrom: Thanks, Dara. In the fourth quarter, we again saw strong performance from our core OTA group, Trivago, and Egencia, and although the profitability was negatively affected by sizable investments at eLong, negative FX trends and significant due diligence and other deal costs, we are happy to exit a terrific year with good momentum. Top line growth was driven this quarter by robust unit growth pretty much across the board. Room nights and air ticket growth helped drive gross bookings growth of 24%, 27% excluding the impact of foreign currency and revenue growth of 18% or 22% excluding FX. Hotel room night growth accelerated to 28%, with a healthy growth seen across all major geographies. Travelocity and Wotif together contributed around five percentage points to total room night growth. Room night economics on the other hand continued to be lower year over year with revenue per room night down 10% on flat ADRs. The impact from foreign currency was the larger driver this quarter than in prior periods and we estimate that the negative impact on our revenue per room night was roughly 5 percentage points with a portion of this hedged off and recorded as other income. The other main drivers of the declining unit economics remain relatively consistent with prior periods. We continue to reduce our hotel margins to enable an accelerated global build out of hotel room inventory and availability. We also continue to drive consumer engagement and repeat business through our loyalty programs along with coupons and other incentives which are recorded as a reduction of revenue. We will continue to push these levers throughout 2015 and as such continue to expect the revenue per room night to decline. Air revenue grew 18% on ticket growth of 26%, partially offset by a decline in revenue per ticket of 6%. Air gross bookings and air revenue were helped again this quarter by Travelocity, which represented approximately 12 percentage points of the total ticket volume growth. Revenue per ticket was down, as expected, as a result of the renewal of certain airline deals earlier in the year and we expect this pressure to continue into 2015 as we annualize these contracts. Our advertising and media business, which is made up of Trivago and our Media Solutions Group, has become quite large and is growing fast. For the quarter, advertising and media revenue grew 38%, net of intercompany amounts. We also saw healthy contributions from our car and insurance products. On the expense side, we saw solid leverage this quarter in cost of revenue as the team continues to drive for global efficiencies in our customer operations platform and on reduced levels of fraud and charge backs year over year. General and administrative expenses grew faster than the revenue, due primarily to over $8 million of deal costs, without which the growth would have been more in line with previous quarters and nicely leveraging versus revenue. The pace of growth of our technology and content expense was a little bit faster than the growth we saw in the third quarter. Selling and marketing expense growth was also broadly consistent with prior quarters. Deleverage in selling and marketing versus revenue continues to be driven primarily by success in variable marketing channels as we continue to execute well and expand across the globe. The net result in the quarter was adjusted EBITDA growth of 13% excluding eLong and 3% on a consolidated basis. As I mentioned, our Q4 results were also impacted by negative FX trends over $8 million of deal costs and eLong losses, all of which exceeded our expectations at the time of our last call. Excluding these items, adjusted EBITDA growth for the full year 2014 would have been at the top end of our guidance range. You will also notice $26 million of restructuring and related charges in Q4. These consist primarily of costs associated with the integration of our Wotif acquisition but also includes some other efficiency related initiatives, including the migration of our Venere business onto our Hotels.com platform as well as platform consolidation in our CarRentals.com business and Egencia. We do expect $10 million to $15 million of additional restructuring costs in 2015, the majority of which you will see in the first half of the year. Note that these expenses are excluded from adjusted EBITDA. From a capital allocation perspective, 2014 was an active year. We delivered over $1 billion of free cash flow and allocated $561 million for its acquisitions and $85 million in dividend and repurchased 7 million shares for $537 million. Now, I would like to spend some time on our financial expectations for 2015. Please note that our format for providing guidance is a little bit different this quarter. As Dara mentioned, the Chinese market remained highly competitive and dynamic and because of this we are not going to provide any specific adjusted EBITDA expectations for eLong for 2015. Directionally, we think the adjusted EBITDA loss of $27 million that eLong reported in the fourth quarter is a good baseline and we would expect the quarterly losses to be larger than this as we move through 2015. eLong is so well capitalized NASDAQ listed company with a distinct public market valuation and we encourage you to value our eLong position and its impact on our consolidated results on a stand-alone basis. For the rest of the business excluding eLong, we are currently expecting adjusted EBITDA growth in the 10% to 15% range. Note that this includes an estimated negative impact from foreign exchange of roughly 5 percentage points at current rates. Against a general backdrop of strength across our business and our continuing efforts to balance near term profits against investments to drive medium and long-term growth, I would call the following regarding our expected performance in 2015. We are expecting a deceleration in revenue growth in 2015 on headwinds from Travelocity implementation, further impact from the reduction of our hotel margins, the negative impact of foreign currency and the continued success of our loyalty programs. These are partially offset by the tailwind of adding the Wotif business. On the expense side, while we continue to manage the business toward our target P&L, we are expecting elevated technology and content expense growth especially in the first half of the year as we digest recent acquisitions and [indiscernible] our core technology and infrastructure stack for the increased pace at which weve been building global scale. From a seasonality perspective, we are not expecting any meaningful adjusted EBITDA growth in the first quarter and expect the bulk of our adjusted EBITDA dollar growth to come in the back half of the year. In terms of an effective tax rate on a consolidated basis, we are expecting an elevated rate in 2015 primarily as a result of non-deductible losses that we are anticipating on the back of increased investment levels at eLong. One final quick housekeeping item before we begin Q&A, as Dara mentioned, we plan to increasingly discuss our business in four distinct components: the core OTA group, eLong, Trivago and Egencia. In this regard we will break up the results of these four businesses beginning with the first quarter of 2015, so that our investors can have the appropriate level of visibility to be able to model a specific value reflecting the unique opportunities and valuation considerations inherent in each business. With that, lets move to Q&A. Operator, will you please remind participants how to ask questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And well take our first question from Justin Post with Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post: Great. Two questions. First, EBITDA guidance, 10% to 15%, how much will the acquisitions of Wotif and the Travelocity deal help next year on your outlook? And then since it looks like you're pushing people looking at the four divisions separately, could you just go through the EBITDA for each group in 2014? Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Justin. So first on guidance, again I would just remind everyone that the 10% to 15% does include 500 basis points of FX headwind. With respect to your specific question on acquisitions, couple of things I would just note. We certainly are expecting to get a year-on-year help from those acquisitions, but a lot of the numbers that are available publicly are probably not the best source to look at for the purposes of coming up with those estimates. When we acquired Wotif that was a business that was facing some pretty significant challenges, again it's going to see pretty significant FX headwinds as we move through 2015 and we are also in the middle of an integration and we don't expect to see a meaningful uptick in the performance of Wotif until we get that business onto our platform. Now we are making progress on that, we moved international traffic onto the brand Expedia platform in January, we do expect to get the rest of the business onto the platform in the first half of 2015. But in the meantime, you got a business that is undergoing a very significant restructuring on a base momentum that is declining and so you've got a bit of a headwind certainly versus what you would have seen more publicly available. Travelocity, we do think that there could be some upside there, it's very difficult for us to put the precise value on that for you right now. It's really going to depend on how effective we are in really marketing this business. The Travelocity business didn't spend a lot of money on brand advertising in 2014. That is something that we are going to want to do very likely to reinvigorate that brand, which is a great brand. So I think the acquisitions are going to be a tailwind, but I wouldn't rely on public numbers. Lastly I would just say that our philosophy is one where our EBITDA outcome is one of careful management and one of careful decisions around what upside we see and what investments do we have available to us to drive medium and long-term growth. And so  but we do have some tailwinds from acquisitions and we did have some last year for Travelocity, we are constantly looking at investments that we can make that respect the EBITDA guidance and the EBITDA target that we set for ourselves, but also set ourselves up for more sustained growth. So with the respect to EBITDA, let me just go through the numbers for you. So for eLong, the EBITDA for full year 2014 was $27 million loss, okay; for the Egencia business, its $60 million; for Trivago its $4 million; and then you can back into the core OTA business with the rest.
Operator: We will go next to Naved Khan with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Naved Khan: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. A lot of macro concerns out of Europe as well as Russia. Can you guys speak to the business trends that you might be seeing in those markets? And then I have a follow-up.
Dara Khosrowshahi: We are certainly seeing, I would say, the more significant trend that we see in those markets is the foreign exchange trends. So when you look at our revenue per room night for example, the revenue per room night for international was down significantly more on a year-on-year basis than domestic. Europe is a part of that, but frankly Asia-Pacific is a part of that as well, the foreign exchange trends on a year-on-year basis are significant. And if nothing changes and at this point we don't anticipate anything changes, changing, it will continue to be significant as we go through the year. As far as the relative strength of the European market et cetera, one trend that we have observed is that due to the strength of the dollar, we are seeing are lower balance of European demand coming into the US, because the US looks more expensive. In general, we are seeing stronger demand from the US to Europe and I think in general across Europe and APAC we are seeing higher concentration of demand locally, now part of that is because we have better local supply and I think we got better local marketing, but in general our domestic room night growth in most territories exceeds international room night growth. We think it's a good trend, it hurts ADRs and hurts length of stay, but we think it's very, very positive factor in our growing business on a global basis.
Naved Khan: Okay. That's helpful. And then just a follow up, now that you guys will be owning and operating Travelocity and Wotif, at Expedia what changes do you expect to make to the marketing and to audience reach?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think it's a little bit too soon to make that call. What we have seen with Travelocity for example is that conversion rates for hotels for Travelocity on the Expedia platform are higher than the conversion rates that they have previously, it's a combination of the quality of supply and quality of product and technology that we have. With Travelocity in house, the Travelocity team will have kind of the full profit dollars invest in order to drive growth, for example, in variable marketing. So I think we will have the ability to invest more aggressively in variable markets. We haven't quite figured out exactly what our strategy is and how we set up the P&L for the long term, but we certainly have that potential. Wotif we are really in the middle of an integration as we speak, we are going to take the Wotif side, put it on the brand Expedia platform, but really its heads down working on that integration. Once we get it onto the Expedia platform we see how it responds, we understand what the conversion rates are et cetera, we will start making marketing decisions. We're just not there yet.
Naved Khan: That's helpful. And then just on Wotif, I understand the entities on the revenue side but what is the low-hanging fruit when you look at the cost synergies there? 
Mark Okerstrom: I think the low-hanging fruit is on the technology and platform side. We can put them on the brand Expedia technology, they don't need to maintain totally separate stack, we bring them all the benefits of the global tech stack that we have, then the testing and learning that we are constantly doing and the Expedia global tech stack benefits from additional volume that Wotif brings to it. I think another piece of low-hanging fruit is the supply, Expedia, Hotels.com, et cetera, customer now was going to get out to us to the terrific Wotif supply in Australia and New Zealand marketplace and Wotif customers are going to have access to much better global supply for their out bonds. So we are really looking to get the best of both worlds on the technology side and then really we are finding also lots and lots of talent and people within the Wotif organization, on the supply side, on the technology side and we think bringing their talent together with our talent you are going to have a net positive.
Operator: Well go next to Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies.
Brian Fitzgerald: Thanks, guys. A couple questions. Have you seen any tangible impact on travel from the declining fuel prices? And based on your experience, when do you expect any potential savings to trickle down and start to impact travelers, if you have a point of view on that? And then really quickly on the advertising side, the Captain Obvious campaign, quite successful. But off-line ad channels tend to be lower ROIs. And so now that you've anniversaried the launch a bit, can you give us some color in terms of impacts on new customer growth, retention, repeat rates, et cetera, from Captain Obvious?
Mark Okerstrom: Brian, just on the lower oil prices, we haven't seen any profound impact, it's going to take the airlines a while to actually put that through on average ticket prices and it's doubtful they will put all through and that would be one of the things that drove increased travel pattern. The other thing is just more disposable income for consumers and we've seen estimates of anywhere from $500 to $1000 extra in the pockets of the average American household. And on a typical trip, hotel stay part of that trip, it will be around $300, so that could actually drive more volume and more consumer demand around the world. It's not something that again that we've seen right now, but we are optimistic that could be tailwind in 2015 perhaps to offset some of the headwinds we are seeing from FX. And Doro, do you want to take that?
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as Captain Obvious goes, it's been a very, very successful campaign for us. And if you look at Hotels.com in general, the trend in room night growth for Hotels.com has been consistently positive and improving. Q4 room night stays for Hotels.com have been higher than they have been really all your this year and last year. So the trends at Hotels.com continue to be very strong and the trends at Hotels.com domestically are very strong as well. And we see new customer acquisition growth in general increasing and because of the Welcome Rewards program for Hotels.com we see very strong repeat rates. Welcome Rewards now has over 15 million members on a worldwide basis and essentially the Hotels.com model bringing in new customers, introducing them to the Welcome Rewards program, serving them very, very well and then keeping them and having them repeat is a formula that's working quite well for us and it's something we want to build on.
Operator: And well go next to Eric Sheridan with UBS. Please go ahead.
Eric Sheridan: Thanks for taking the questions. Two bigger-picture strategic questions, one with respect to China. Obviously, understand the point that eLong is a separate entity and you're not necessarily giving it capital today. But how do you think about the role eLong might be able to play if the market in China consolidated and how you could redeploy that capital into other areas of the business if that opportunity presented itself versus the opportunity for eLong as a standalone entity long term? And second one you've obviously done a fair bit of acquisitions over the last 18 months in the OTA space broadly with Wotif and Travelocity. What do you think the pathway forward is to do more acquisitions in the OTA space, especially to leverage on some of the technology investments you made over the last couple of years? Thanks, guys.
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as eLong goes and redeploying capital et cetera, we are not short on capital, right, this is the business that grows off of $1 billion of free cash flow, eLong has plenty of capital, they've got over $300 million in cash and the reason why we are saying we are not trading of eLong investments against other investments is because we don't have to. So we will disclose them to you and from our standpoint we are very confident of the eLong team, they have built a big, big business that and we think that eLong will be very creative for Expedia shareholders over a period of time and we are just heads down on maximizing that value from a long-term perspective. As far as acquisitions go, acquisitions are a part of our game plan. We've had a number of acquisitions over the years and I would say that our technology platforms now and our operating practices now are at a different level where we are good at and have a very strong practice at bringing in and consolidating acquisitions and realizing synergies. We have our hands full with Wotif and Travelocity, but the travel market is enormous, it's $1.3 trillion travel market, we're one of the biggest players out there with only $50 billion less than 5% of that market and we do think that consolidation is going to continue. We think that the big global players in general are going to gain share and we will look for consolidation opportunities if they make sense for our shareholders and if they give us a higher return then buy back our own stock.
Operator: And well go next to Ross Sandler with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Sandler: Thanks, guys. Just on the guidance question, maybe not talking about the contribution from Wotif, Travelocity, but can we just talk about what is baked in, in terms of organic growth in the core franchise relative to the 18% or, call it, mid teens ex Travelocity in 2014? And then a question on the unit efficiencies. Given the trends with revenue per room night, and then the marketing spend that's flowing through Trivago, is the right way to look at the growth rate of marketing or direct marketing relative to your room night growth? Or how do we think about the rate of marketing deleverage, how much of that is Trivago versus some of the contra revenue items you mentioned versus just industry dynamic? Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. On guidance, listen, I would say that I would think about our guidance as being largely an organic story, again we will get some helpers from the  for those acquisitions, we got harder headwinds this year just lacking over the Travelocity acquisition. So the guidance I would take as really representing strength in the core of the business and not a lot a net help from anything other than that. With respect to unit trends and sales and marketing deleverage, again we are deleveraging sales and marketing essentially for what we think are really great reasons which really two major drivers, one is that we are just having much more success in variable marketing as we continue to improve the conversion on our website and we are getting much, much better and that on a global basis. And of course, no matter how efficient those channels are, there are always going to be more expensive than freak, which is what the direct type of traffic is. And so when we are driving growth in the channels in which we are right now, you're going to continue to see deleverage on the P&L there. Secondly it's just global expansion and of course that's happening across all of our brands, we continue to push into international markets on a more aggressive basis and those markets, even though themselves get efficient, more efficient over time, they are generally less efficient than ever core domestic market. So those are the big drivers. Trivago is certainly a piece of it, but I think now you will see in 2015 we are completely clear of that acquisition. So we've got clean comps and that wasn't the case for all of 2014, we had a tougher comp in Q1. They are going to continue to be a driver, but really it's the core business that's driving a lot of that story now that we are annualizing over the Trivago acquisition. In terms of how to look at it, I think looking at direct sales and marketing per room night is a decent way to look at , a lot of for the marketing spend does go against our hotel business. I think you will be able to back into a number that at least approximates what you think Trivago spends on marketing, you could back out and estimate on that. But I think that could give you a reasonable way to look at it on a go forward basis.
Operator: Well go next to Douglas Anmuth with JP Morgan.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. This is [indiscernible] on for Doug. We were wondering if you could provide more color on the big gap between the 28% hotel and room nights growth and the 15% hotel revenue growth. Obviously FX is part of it but could you help maybe walk us down from 28% to 15%. And how much of that was maybe going to supply and promotions, and if you expect that to continue. Thanks.
Mark Okerstrom: So by and large the biggest driver there was foreign exchange trends, about 500 basis points of that 1000 basis point, or 1500 basis point delta came from that impact. I will say a portion of that is hedged off and it's in our other income item, but if you're looking at just hotel revenue, it's not in their number. The other drivers are just very consistent with what we've spoke about on prior quarters. One is that we continue to adjust our hotel margin to make sure that we are competitive for the local market conditions and that's pretty important for us as we continue to aggressively build our hotel count and really drive for great rates and availability with our hotel partners. Secondly is the impact of our loyalty programs and Doro mentioned Hotels.com, Welcome Awards program, been very successful, more and more of the Hotels.com business is really coming from that repeat loyal user base. It's nicely efficient for us on our adjusted EBITDA basis, but in our P&L, it's showing as a contra revenue item as supposed to sales and marketing and that puts pressure on the metrics as well. And then also call it that bucket of loyalty is couponing and discounting that we do from time to time.
Operator: Well go next to Michael Millman with Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman: Thank you. I want to go back a little bit regarding the currency on actual travel. Could you talk about the numbers in terms of profitability or revenues from maybe more US traveling to Europe? Europe staying in Europe? What this might also mean in terms of places like Russia that has poor currency situation? Any help would be very beneficial in quantifying some of these.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think I will try to be helpful, but there are so many crosscurrents in general and currencies, now we are close to 70 countries, I don't know how many countries we operate in, there is no simple answer, I'm going to try a simple answer to your question. In general, the volumes that we see from the strength of volumes from the US to international markets and US is about 50% of our volume, is offsetting the weakness of international markets coming to the years. In general, those two are offsetting in big picture terms. We are seeing significant negative headwind is, foreign exchange, we are seeing for example, average daily rates this year being negative because of foreign exchange, that's the translation of the foreign currencies to US dollars. And in general we are seeing more domestic travel on a worldwide basis, so our Russian volumes are more staying within Russia, and almost every single country we are seeing more travel locally, part of this is because of our expanding supply and becoming more relevant to local customers, and part of it we believe are because of uncertainty around currency movements et cetera. So currency is going to be a pretty significant headwind for us for the year, we baked it into our numbers so to speak, but we know it will be a challenge.
Michael Millman: So, I assume that US hotel stays, more profitable for you than Europe hotel stay. If the numbers may cancel out, does the bottom line cancel out?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I would generalize the international hotel stay is the most valuable because it tends to have longer length of stay, it tends to have lower cancellation rates. On a year-on-year basis, you're right, because of the dollar US stay this year is going to be stronger than international stay. And it's that foreign exchange that's putting a lot of pressure on some of those international stays, which is a headwind. That's a net headwind and it's going to hurt our finances going into 2015, so we have worked it into our forecast.
Michael Millman: And switching to the oil prices, are there some places that the economy's been hurt so badly that it's affecting travel?
Dara Khosrowshahi: You know what, once we are starting to see the signs of the impact of oil prices, we think is in the Nordic region and we've got a pretty big business in the Nordics under our Egencia business and we can see some signs of weakness there. And then certainly our Hotels.com business has got a really big presence in the Nordics. So far the volumes look decent, but the Norwegian currency has just taken a pretty significant hit recently, so on an actual dollar basis, it looks a lot worse. And that can persist for only sometime before you start to see some impact on leisure travel. So we're starting to see some signs, we're not exactly tied to oil and gas, there are certainly some FX issues there. But certainly there is something there.
Operator: We'll go next to Ron Josey with JMP Securities.
Andrew Boone: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. This is Andrew Boone on for Ron. Just a quick question on Wotif. How long do you expect it to take to implement new Expedia's new booking tool at Wotif? I know you guys said 1H, but any more clarification there. And then just wondering if you guys are planning on continuing to charge a booking fee. Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as the implementation goes, we are going to move over gradually. So for example, if you perform an international search on Wotif, that is already being covered by the Expedia technology platform. So we are making the front end technology implementation as we speak, but more importantly we are also integrating the supply platform and recontracting with some of the Wotif hotels. So it will be sometime in the first half, my guess it will be sometime in the second quarter, we can't be more exact than that. As far as booking fees et cetera, we haven't made final plans there. So nothing to speak of at this point.
Mark Okerstrom: I would just add a quick point that if you just look back to the Travelocity implementation as well that once we get the business on to the new platform, there is also a period of optimization that you go through in sales and marketing and just on the site as well. And that optimization process will continue even through the second half of 2015. So just keep that in mind as well.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And then when Mark was talking about the technology cost, for example, we are essentially paying double technology cost right now, we are integrating the Wotif technology at the same time the Wotif stack is up and running, so that relates to some of the trends that Mark talked about in his guidance.
Operator: Well go next to Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital.
Rohit Kulkarni: Great. Thank you. This is Rohit Kulkarni filling in for Mark. Just a big picture. Can you talk about how you are viewing your auxiliary or octagonal travel opportunities, be it vacation rentals or any new services, incremental services to travelers or hotel? And as a sub question, can you provide any updates or color around how your Home Away relationship is progressing?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, I'll say Rohit, we're very focused on our base business and we have more than enough on our plate. And we are very comfortable that the business is that we are in now, the core OTA business, the corporate business, the Wotif business, eLong in China, all have very long runways ahead of them. So right now, we are pretty squarely focused on the businesses at hand. Now, we are testing and learning. So for example, we're certainly testing and learning with Home Away, we are getting more and more bookable properties on to Expedia, we are giving the Home Away inventory more exposure. And at this point we don't have a final call on what it means, but it looks like the inventory is certainly attractive and it just looked like certain segment of our population and customer base likes that inventory and appreciates our showing them that inventory. At the same time, one new area that we are working on and I think in much better at is to upsell various parts of travel to our customers, so when a customer comes into by an Expedia air ticket, I think we are getting much better about upselling a car or upselling destination services, ground transport to that customer, ticket to a theme park et cetera. So all of these other travel opportunities, many, many of them are opportunities that we are servicing now and our focus is how can we cross sell those customers more stuff because those cross sell is typically our very, very high margins because you don't have to kind of reacquire those customers through third-party channels. So we certainly want to [indiscernible] but it's within the set of products that we are offering now and we are seeing very, very good experience there. Our are attached type revenue growth for us is really at record highs and we think there is much, much more to go.
Rohit Kulkarni: Okay. And if I could ask one more. Any view on a lot of market cap is created in the private markets and the sharing economy space in particular. Do you have any view on whether you view them over the long term over the next two, three years as a potential partner or something that you would need to have a product in that particular space?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think we will look to partner up for that product at this point, obviously things may change, we may have a different viewpoint. For example, Home Away is an example of, well, it's not sharing product to some extent, it is a rental product, it's people sharing in one way and we are testing and learning actively and have 150,000 Home Away properties now offered on Expedia and understanding what the best treatment of that kind of inventory is. So we will be actively testing and learning, with think it will continue to be a compliment of our services and we will look to build those partnerships over time.
Operator: And well go next to Kevin Kopelman with Cowen and Company.
Kevin Kopelman: Hi. Thanks. First, could you talk a little bit more about your investment in supply It looks like you added, I think, ex eLong, maybe about 7,000 hotels this quarter and 5,000 last quarter. Is that a pace that you are happy with? And what do you expect that to look like going forward?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. We continue to, I would say, accelerate our acquisition of hotels. So you did observe an uptick. When you look overall on a year-on-year basis, we ex eLong for example, we increased our supply base by a little over 10%, which is not as fast as our room night growth. So we're sending more concentrated supply into our set of hotels. I think if you look forward to 2015, we do expect the year-on-year pace for new hotels added to the system to accelerate.
Kevin Kopelman: Okay. Thanks. And then just to follow up on the previous question, I think it was about vacation rental, just to clarify, you are saying you would rather partner in vacation rentals, in general, than build it out yourselves.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Listen, I think it's too soon to tell. We are  really what we're working on right now is building up our core hotel inventory and in general we will look to augment that in inventory and partner up with additional inventory that creates value for our customers. If we find that there is a particular inventory type that's highly attractive that we should secure directly, we will look to do that. But at this point it's not a core part of our strategy.
Mark Okerstrom: We have over the course of last number of years actually done some direct contract in vacation rentals around ski and deep destinations and of course we are concentrating that in areas where it's professionally managed online bookable, and really the only change of the story here is that we're testing with stuff that's a little bit more by owner and to the extent it works. We've got expertise in being able to market that on our websites.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Well go next to Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs.
Mark Okerstrom: Is there another question operator?
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Alan Pickerill: Alright, lets wrap it up. Thanks everybody for joining the call today. The replay will be available on the IR site shortly. Dara, any final closing comments?
Dara Khosrowshahi: No, just thank you for joining us and big thanks to the Expedia, Inc. family for really, really good year and big welcome to the Travelocity, Wotif group et cetera. Were really excited about building these brands and building these assets with you. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude todays conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-30 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Alan Pickerill -  Dara Khosrowshahi - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Mark D. Okerstrom - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Brian Patrick Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Eric James Sheridan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Thomas Cauthorn White - Macquarie Research Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Dean Prissman - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Ronald V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Kenneth Sena - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Manish Hemrajani - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Ansel Parikh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Expedia Q3 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Alan Pickerill, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Alan Pickerill: Thanks, Tina. Good afternoon, everybody, and welcome to Expedia Inc.'s financial results conference call for the third quarter ended September 30, 2014. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, Expedia's CEO and President; and Mark Okerstrom, our CFO. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, October 30, 2014 only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate or similar statements. Please refer to today's press release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You'll find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the company's IR website at ir.expediainc.com. I encourage you to periodically visit our Investor Relations site for important content, including today's earnings release and an updated investor deck. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense and technology and content expense, exclude stock-based compensation and depreciation expense and all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2013. With that, I'll turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Alan. The third quarter was another good one for Expedia, in what is turning out to be a very good year. Gross bookings growth of 29% and revenue growth of 22% continue the healthy top line trends that we've seen throughout 2014. Strong fixed cost discipline allowed us to invest aggressively in selling and marketing, while continuing to grow the bottom line, with adjusted EBITDA up 20% and adjusted earnings per share up 35% year-on-year. As a group, our core OTA transactional businesses continued to perform well on a global basis, with Brand Expedia and Hotels.com delivering strong top and bottom line growth, augmented by our Travelocity marketing agreement. We continue to invest aggressively in expanding our trivago brand worldwide and are very encouraged with the scale and growth that we're seeing in the U.S., Canada, Australia and certain Asia Pacific markets, such as Hong Kong, Taiwan and Singapore. trivago growth also helps our core OTA growth. While TripAdvisor is a our largest metasearch partner overall, trivago continues to gain share and deliver more clicks to Brand Expedia than TripAdvisor did in the third quarter. As such, we anticipate continued investment in share gains for trivago for the balance of the year. The market in China continues to be very dynamic and fiercely competitive, with a number of players making significant and increasing investments. This has led to challenges and competitive headwinds for eLong, which has been aggressively competing and generally taking share over the past number of years. As such, the plan is to increase investments there, which we expect to lead to increased losses for eLong beginning in the fourth quarter and into 2015. We intend to build a big business in what is expected to become the largest travel market in the world and we believe our investments there will lead to substantial value creation for our shareholders over the long term. Meanwhile, Egencia is in full execution mode, scaling nicely, signing new business at an unprecedented pace, investing in innovation and moving VIA clients on to its online platform. What we're seeing environmentally is a healthy overall travel market, along with ongoing competitive intensity worldwide and shared generally accruing to the bigger global players, who can compete aggressively across the marketing channels, attract new travelers and deliver in a way that creates a significant base of loyal customers. We're seeing strong growth in variable channels, where the cost to acquire customers continues to increase. We've also increased spend on brand advertising across our brands in a space that's quite competitive, with key players pushing hard to get their brand message heard by travelers around the globe. These dynamics put pressure on our overall marketing efficiencies, but we feel good about our ability to continue to profitably gain share on a global basis through best-in-class consumer experiences and ever broadening travel supply. In terms of our overall hotel business, we continued to see healthy trends of room night and revenue growth. As we mentioned last quarter, we continue to ramp up hiring in our hotel supply organization and are seeing excellent results in terms of the revenue contribution from newly added hotels, up nearly threefold year-over-year. From a technology perspective, work is ongoing to improve supplier-facing tools, so that we can increase engagement with hotels and at the same time, improve their self-service capabilities. We believe that combining a bigger team with better technology should help us grow our total business over the long term. Overall, 2014 is shaping up to be a good year for Expedia. We've made a lot of progress in the last few years, but competition is not sitting still and we know that there's a lot of work ahead of us. We have a good strategy in some very clear focus areas that we think will continue to drive growth and create value over time. These include focusing on our core technology and conversion improvements; continuing to build out our global hotel supply and making the right investments to do so; leaning in on marketing to drive traffic and downloads; investing in key, long-term growth market, such as China; building a big media and advertising business; and lastly, employing smart, capitalized allocation that includes opportunistic M&A and share repurchases to augment organic growth. Each of these factors adds up incrementally to a strong business that we believe can deliver balanced and sustainable long-term growth, through a constantly improving search and booking experience for travelers, both leisure and corporate, all over the world. With that, I'll hand it to Mark.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Thanks, Dara. Hotel revenue growth of 21% year-over-year was driven primarily by room night growth of 24%. Domestic room night growth was also 24%, consistent with the rate of growth posted in Q2, while international growth decelerated to 24%. The deceleration of international room night growth is explained entirely by trends in China and excluding eLong, international room night growth was essentially consistent quarter-to-quarter. Travelocity again added about 4 percentage points of growth to global room nights. Aided by almost 5 percentage points of growth in average daily rates this quarter, revenue per room night was down 2% year-over-year. The gap between ADR growth and the revenue per room night decline remained pretty consistent with the second quarter. Decreases in our room night unit economics continue to be driven primarily by inventory expansion efforts and the impact of our loyalty programs and discounting. Our advertising and media business, which is made up of trivago and our Media Solutions group, has become quite large and has delivered just about $450 million of net revenue on a trailing 12-month basis. For the quarter, advertising and media revenue grew 29%, net of intercompany amounts. On a stand-alone basis, trivago grew revenue a healthy 50% year-over-year. Air revenue grew 21% on ticket growth of 30% and a decline in revenue per ticket of 7%. Air gross bookings and air revenue were helped again this quarter by Travelocity, which represented 18 percentage points of the total ticket volume growth. Revenue per ticket was down after the renewal of certain airline deals. And we expect this trend to continue in Q4 and into 2015. We also saw nice contributions from our car and insurance products. On the expense side, we saw solids leverage this quarter in cost of revenue and general and administrative expenses, with each growing at rates nicely lower than revenue. Cost of revenue benefited from increased automation and continued scale of our global customer operations and support platform, as well as favorable trends in merchant credit card fees, as more of our hotel business moves to agency and on reduced levels of fraud and charge-backs year-over-year. The pace of growth of our technology and content expense was consistent with that of the second quarter and a bit lower than we expected. In the fourth quarter, we do expect a faster rate of growth. Selling and marketing expenses grew faster than revenue, as we compete aggressively on a global basis and as we ramp up our supply teams to accelerate hotel acquisition. For expenses overall, I would also remind you that we have a difficult comp this year for incentive compensation in both Q3 and Q4. The net result was a healthy 20% growth in adjusted EBITDA for the quarter. Briefly, you'll notice that our effective tax rate was lower this quarter, driven primarily by the release of tax reserves after the expiration of the statute of limitations for certain federal tax years. We continued to expect an effective tax rate of around 25% in future quarters. From a capital allocation perspective, we repurchased 1.5 million shares since our last earnings call, bringing our total year-to-date to 6.5 million shares for $492 million or approximately $75.30 per share. Our trailing 12-month free cash flow totaled $1 billion, which has allowed us to return substantial capital to our shareholders while also allocating capital for global growth. This is a key strength of the company and one we intend to continue to take advantage of. Turning to our financial expectations for 2014. We continue to expect full year adjusted EBITDA to grow in the range of 16% to 19%. Our year-to-date performance has been quite strong and we plan to invest into the strength in the fourth quarter. Our core OTA transactional businesses and Egencia continued to perform well and our expectations for their Q4 performance have not changed dramatically. For eLong and trivago, given the investments we've described, we now expect their combined adjusted EBITDA contribution to be down by roughly $15 million to $20 million year-over-year in the fourth quarter, a more significant investment than we had contemplated on our second quarter call. Given the huge opportunity in front of us, the dynamic and highly competitive nature of the industry and the clear long-term benefits of size and global scale, we believe that we are effectively balancing the delivery of near-term profits against the strategic objective of investing in the business to fuel long-term growth. Our current expectations assume no change in foreign exchange rates, which at current levels, represent a headwind for adjusted EBITDA growth in Q4, relative to our prior guidance. To be clear, our guidance does not include any financial impact from the pending acquisition of Wotif. We will build those factors in after the transaction closes and expect to include the impact from Wotif in our 2015 guidance on our Q4 call. I would note, however, that if the transaction closes in the fourth quarter between transaction fees and the impact to purchase accounting, we would expect a small but negative impact to adjusted EBITDA in the quarter. With that, let's move to Q&A. Operator, will you please remind participants how to line up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Justin Post with Merrill Lynch.
A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A couple of questions. First, maybe you could comment a little bit about the travel environment in Europe. People are wondering about potentially a market slowdown on a macro front. And then, just overall travel conditions there. And then, also, in your press release, you talked about growing loyalty programs and couponing. Does that mostly apply to China? Or are there other areas that you're getting pretty aggressive with those programs?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. Thanks, Justin. As far as Europe goes, we haven't observed, I would say, a big macro move in the environment. Obviously, with the euro getting weaker compared to the U.S. dollar and it's not just unique to the euro, it's also common to a lot of other currencies out there, the strength of the dollar is going to be a headwind for us in a number of these markets. And as Mark mentioned, is going to be a headwind for Q4, at least as we -- compared to where we were in Q2. So I mean, when we look at euro -- when we look at Europe, the first thing that we look at is the strength of the euro. Some airlines are dealing with strikes, some labor issues, but we've -- through our industry, we've seen lots of unrest in different parts of the world. And because we do have a global scope, the business doesn't seem to move significantly as a result of local issues. But we'll watch Europe. Obviously, the economy there is not as strong as we would like it to be and most companies would like it to be, but we haven't observed any significant macro trends there. As far as the -- your question on loyalty. I'd say there are 2 significant factors there. One is eLong, which has been couponing for some period of time, continues to coupon aggressively, especially on mobile and a higher and higher percentage of their traffic is going on mobile as well. And then the second in general is -- has to do with Hotels.com and also, Expedia, to some extent, in that a higher percentage of Hotels.com's bookings, especially, are rolling over members who are Welcome Rewards members. And to the Welcome Rewards, cost is kind of an upfront cost that we recognize. And the benefit that we get is that we have higher repeat rates and typically welcome Rewards Members come to us direct versus other channels. So the benefit is delayed, while the cost is recognized upfront. And as a higher percentage of our bookings come over Welcome Rewards, it's a wonderful thing. But essentially, we're building a long-term asset of loyal customers and paying for it upfront. So that's another factor as far as what we talked about with our loyalty programs as well. I'd say the last factor, when we talk about discounting, is that, we are, in general, pricing more aggressively on Hotwire. This is in good macro environment, opaque channels and opaque supply in general takes a step back. And the Hotwire team has elected essentially to move some of their margins over to their customers. And we're seeing some pretty interesting trends there. And I do think that that's something that's going to continue.
Operator: We'll go next to Naved Khan with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Just a quick clarification on trivago growing faster versus TripAdvisor. Can you talk about the ROI you're getting on trivago and how it compares with TripAdvisor?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I'd say the ROIs are roughly comparable. We've been able to -- the EI brands in general, I think, are growing share within the trivago marketplace. trivago is growing a lot of share as far as overall traffic to, call it, travel websites. And the good news is that we are able to get this growth within the trivago marketplace at ROIs that are good and they're roughly comparable with ROIs that we look in general for the meta's channel.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Great. And then sticking with meta, you talked a little bit about Google Hotel Finder and what do you see there in terms of opportunity as a channel, as well as a -- maybe a thread as the launch limited offers?
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as Google Hotel Finder goes, we're seeing increased traffic coming through Google Hotel Finder. It is -- it's clearly getting more exposure. And in general, I think that the product continues to improve. And Google has invested in it, we'll continue to invest in it. I think, from our standpoint, we're happy to play in any market that Google puts out there. And I think, over a long period of time, we have proven an ability to get our fair share in the Google marketplaces, whether to bid at marketplace, whether it's CPC, whether it's SEO and I think the same will be true of Hotel Finder as well. I think Google, in general, is introducing a number of technologies, retargeting technologies, not just against Hotel Finder, but other parts of their site. We're experimenting with them and we are seeing some potential wins there. And we'll continue to work with Google to kind of create win-win situations, where we can spend more and make more.
Operator: We'll go next to Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Dara, big picture question for you. There's a 3-year trend here, maybe 4 years, of deleverage and marketing costs for Expedia. But Priceline, Orbitz -- really across the board. How do you think this all plays out? I mean, I assume that sales and marketing as a percentage of revenue isn't going to keep rising forever -- or maybe it will. Is there -- are there 1 or 2 trigger points or things that can either happen, I don't know, if it's technology solutions, or I don't know, what would it be that would cause those marketing cost to finally kind of normalize out? And do you think that's realistic in the next 2 to 3 years?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Mark, I think it's a great question. That is something that we talk about a ton here. I think one of the significant factors, as it relates to our specific P&L, is that marketing and -- sales and marketing efficiency will continue to have headwinds against it, as long as we are aggressively growing our international points of sale. And we intend to continue to aggressively grow our international points of sale. We don't think we're close even to midstream there. We have a very, very strong position domestically, but -- and we're improving in Europe. We're improving in Asia Pacific. We're improving in Latin America. But we're talking years and years of continued investment and growth and growth. So as long as we're able to find more pockets internationally to grow, in general, that growth will come at higher cost than domestic and will hurt our sales and marketing percentage as a percentage of revenue. Now if you look at each of those countries themselves, in general, as our different points of sale mature, they do tend to get more efficient on a sales and marketing front. But then we typically take a good amount of that sales and marketing and then we reinvest it in a new country or we invest more aggressively in a country that is less mature. So we think that formula is going to continue for some period of time. And the formula that we do have is that we combine that -- the pressure on sales and marketing with very disciplined structure on the fixed costs. And for a long period of time and I think it'll continue, we are going to leverage our fixed costs, our cost of sales, our G&A, even technology, at this point, so that we can afford to make those marketing investments and we can afford to keep growing at the bottom line, cash flow, earnings per share, et cetera. We think, as long as we can do that, we will be a share gainer in what is an enormous industry. So at this point, while we ask ourselves the same question, it's not a matter of life and death. This is the growth formula and so far, it's working for us.
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And can I just -- a quick follow-up on China. It sounds like that's a -- maybe at the margin picked up as investment area of focus for you. Maybe that market is becoming more competitive, maybe not. But could you maybe just remind us about how material China is? And then how would you describe that market in terms of its competitive intensities? Is there something you're seeing that makes you think it's a more attractive market, therefore, more investments or more competitive markets and therefore, more investments?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I think what we've observed in the China market are a couple of factors. One is that, with the advent of mobile, China is going online and it's mobile very, very fast. The overall market is going very quickly. And as a result of those 2 factors going online fast, going mobile fast and in general, travel being a very, very big category, it is a -- it's a very attractive category for companies to invest in. And we have seen more investment coming in from, not just Ctrip, who's our primary competitor, but other players in the metasearch category. There was news, for example, that Alibaba is launching a site as well. So it's an attractive category. It's a big category that's going online fast. And as a result, we are seeing more capital come into the marketplace. And we built a very nice, big business with eLong with a really, really strong management team and our plan is to keep investing behind that.
Mark D. Okerstrom: And Mark, just with respect to mix. If you look back over the course of and they haven't announced yet, but if you look over the course of the last number of quarters, as a percentage of revenue, they've been in and around 3% or 4%. So relatively small part of revenue for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies & Company.
Brian Patrick Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Two quick questions. In September, you expanded your partnership with Home Away. In general, what level of interest are you seeing towards vacation rentals from travelers? Do you -- is it an all incremental demand? Or is there some degree of cannibalization going on there versus regular hotel bookings?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as Home Away goes, there's -- we have been slowly turning on exposure to Home Away inventory. And more recently, as Home Away piped in more inventory into Brand Expedia, we have -- we kind of the increased the exposure to our customer segment. So I will be able to answer that question much better over the next couple of quarters. In general, we are seeing interest. I'd say it's interesting interest, it's not huge, but it's certainly interesting. There is a cross-sell going on. There is some cannibalization. I would say that our instinct is that it's net positive, but it's too early to tell. So if you ask me the same question next quarter, I'll probably have a better answer.
Operator: We'll go next to Eric Sheridan with UBS.
Eric James Sheridan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I guess, Dara, first, I'm wondering if we can get an update on your thinking about Trip Instant Booking, thinking about that as another distribution channel through that marketing vehicle in terms of generating leads going forward and how you think the industry might evolve their view about that? And then, Mark, maybe the second question. You quantified the impact from the investments in Q4, but I don't think you quantified the impact from FX. Didn't know if you could give us a little bit of guidance there on what the dollar amount of the FX impact would be?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Eric. So I'll start with Trip Instant Booking and that our thinking pretty much remains the same as far as trip instant booking goes. Obviously, Trip is a big partner of our, so we're interested in what they're doing generally. We decided not to participate in instant booking because we didn't think that it was in our strategic interest to do so. And certainly, we didn't think it was profitable enough, short term, to do something that wasn't necessarily strategically interesting for us. So as we've seen instant book develop, we haven't seen the -- we haven't kind of changed our position. And at this point, we don't think that will change our position. We are anticipating some headwinds on the top line because of that as TripAdvisor rolls out Instant Book more expansively, we will have less access to TripAdvisor clicks, so to speak, but we certainly think that's manageable. And in general, TripAdvisor is one of our less profitable channel. So we think that the bottom line is going to be quite manageable, even if TripAdvisor expands Instant Booking significantly. So Mark, do you want to take on the other one?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Absolutely. Eric, so with respect to FX, at the current rates, we think they're somewhere around 300 to 400 basis point impact on Q4 adjusted EBITDA growth.
Operator: We'll go next to Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray.
Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: More specifically on China, can you give us a sense for what increased investment eLong will look like? Like, would this potentially include both increased couponing and higher marketing spend? Or is it more increased expense on mobile development or all of the above?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I'd say it's more all of the above. And the China market is moving very fast. It's quite entrepreneurial. And at this point, it's a battle across multiple fronts. Couponing is prevalent there. Everyone is -- the mobile penetration is moving very fast. So everyone is developing aggressively for mobile and marketing aggressively with mobile as well. And also, we are aggressively investing on the technology and supply front. So it's a multi-front investment and we're quite confident that the eLong team can build value there.
Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: All right. And then, I get the sense that you guys believe there's enough fish to fry in the core travel market without really expanding into a lot of other peripheral areas, like tourist attractions or restaurants, et cetera. Is that true? Or how would you describe how narrow or broad your focus is?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. Listen, this is a trillion-dollar global marketplace. And Mark and I are never bored, as is anyone here. We've got plenty to do. We think, as a company, we're executing better, but we think we can execute much better going forward. And we think, as a result, staying focused on what we're doing now is going to give us plenty of opportunity and it's going to keep us pretty darn busy.
Mark D. Okerstrom: And I would just add that with respect to tourist attractions, we've actually got a decent sized business, we call it our local expert business. It's a large business. It's something that we'll be increasingly focusing on. And it's something we think, that mobile creates specific opportunity on. So I think you might hear more about that business in the coming years. It's something that we've got already in-house and it's something we can build nicely organically.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. And we have moved over that business on to some of the newer technology platforms that we had previously moved our hotel business, air business, et cetera. And we are very optimistic about the increased capabilities that we can build there. So it's an existing business. We're not getting into a new business. We've got a strong management team there and we think there's plenty of organic growth in that category.
Operator: We'll go next to Tom White, Macquarie.
Thomas Cauthorn White - Macquarie Research: I think in the prepared remarks, you mentioned strong growth in all variable channels, but costs to acquire were kind of increasing. I was hoping maybe you can just give us a little bit more color. Are there particular channels where you're seeing sort of the biggest pressure? Or is it kind of across the board? And then, also, I'm not sure if you give any sort of updated metrics on the rollout of ETP, but any update there?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. In general, as far as the variable channels go, the 2 most significant variable channels that we have are Google SEM and metasearch. And in general, we are seeing CPCs, or cost-per-click, in both of those channels increase on a year-on-year basis. Some of it is because ADR's increased in general. You're going to see CPC increase. But some of it, we believe, is because of increased competition, we are seeing more of a supplier-direct presence in some of those channels that we had seen in the past. But the good news is that we're still able to innovate. We're still able to optimize in those channels and in general, grow those channels. But it is getting more expensive.
Mark D. Okerstrom: And with respect to ETP. As a reminder, it has really become business as usual for us. We continue to see great traction and a positive response from both consumers and suppliers. We are up to well north of 50,000 hotels that are now on the program and it's growing nicely. We recently signed up Choice Hotels on the ETP deal. And there's very few of the major chains that are not participating. Most of them and certainly, a vast majority of the large ones are involved in the program. And again, we continue to be very happy with what we see there.
Operator: We'll go next to Douglas Anmuth with JPMorgan.
Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Two things. Dara, you talked trivago and just how important to the channel it's become. Can you just talk more, how much further you'll be able to push things there? Just trying to understand if you realize kind of a lot of the benefits early on as you brought it into the fold and whether you can still stay on the same kind of trajectory there in terms of helping the rest of the business. And then, secondly, also as you move closer to lapping Travelocity, can you talk about how you think about the growth from that vehicle going forward?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as trivago goes, when we originally acquired trivago, I would say that our share in the trivago marketplace was lower than our natural share in other meta marketplaces. And I think, as we have optimized against the trivago marketplace and it's been a really good marketplace to allocate capital into, even if it were a third-party, we've been able to grow our share inside the marketplace. And then the trivago team has been very aggressively investing in marketing and building that brand on a global basis and doing it successfully. And I think, at this point, they have moved from, call it, their core European, their European core, nicely into North America and are now experimenting in markets in Asia Pacific, markets in Latin America, et cetera, that are pretty interesting markets and we're starting to see some pretty good trends in. Obviously, as trivago is getting bigger, they're not going to be able to grow at quite the growth rates that we have seen historically. But we do anticipate that trivago is going to be a nice growth driver for us over the next couple of years. I think the other factor with trivago as well is that one of their fastest growing markets has been the North American and Canadian markets and those are markets in which our inventory is really, really strong and our brands are really strong. So that has helped our share within the trivago marketplace as well. So Mark, you want to take the other question?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Yes. Doug, on Travelocity, obviously we got a nice boost from adding that business into our P&L this year. And that will create a more difficult comp for us next year. However, as a reminder, Q1 of this year was a partial quarter. So we still will have some baked-in benefit going into 2015. And also, just as a reminder, I mean, the Travelocity business is on the Brand Expedia platform and that's a platform that continues to innovate. And the Travelocity business will be a recipient of the year-on-year gains that Brand Expedia has been able to consistently turn out on that platform. So we continue to think that, that can be a growth business and we will obviously bake in our expectations for that business into our 2015 guidance, which we'll give you on the next call.
Operator: We'll go next to Dean Prissman with Credit Suisse.
Dean Prissman - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So looking at the 500 basis points of year-over-year growth for ADRs, can you share some color on how much of this relates to broad cyclical strength in the lodging industry versus what sounds like a smaller contribution to room nights from eLong? And then, separately, with regard to your CapEx spend, how should we think about the mix in terms of growth versus maintenance? And then looking out over the next 12 to 18 months, can you talk about some of the key initiatives that are nearing completion versus some that are more nascent?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I'd say, as far as the 500 basis points of ADR growth, I'd say the majority of that ADR growth was related to, call it, core ADR growth. That is the cyclical recovery that we have seen in the hotel sector. Obviously, FX, on a go-forward basis, is going to be a headwind there, especially in the European, Latin American and some of the Asian markets. So my guess is, the ADRs for Q4 are going to come down, at least for us, in U.S. dollar terms, compared to where they were in Q3. There was some mixed shift with eLong, but the majority of it was kind of core global ADRs.
Mark D. Okerstrom: And with respect to CapEx. I mean, the biggest portion of our CapEx is capitalized software development. And the portion that we capitalize is generally all-around new features and innovation as opposed to pure maintenance. So the big picture answer is that most of the CapEx is around new products. It's mostly about innovation. And really, with respect to big initiatives, they might be nearing completion. I mean, we have largely moved this business away from big initiatives. The Brand Expedia replatforming is largely done. ETP has been rolled up -- rolled out. And really, we're in a spot now where the things we're working on are a lot of small things that together, add up to nice conversion benefits. And so we don't expect there to be a significant roll-off, if anything, in the future that would slow down the trajectory we're on right now in terms of our tech and content expenses on a cash basis, which have an impact on CapEx.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. And just adding to something that Mark said. We -- our businesses operate on lots and lots of different platforms. And those platforms, different parts of those platforms or different platforms, age over a period of time. And we are constantly revitalizing different platforms that affect different parts of the business. And what we don't want to get into is a situation where we were 5, 6 years ago, where we were really under-investing and had a bunch of catch-up to do. And I think, at this point, we've got the right kind of balance of, as we see a platform that needs to be revitalized, we can make that investment without it causing huge shifts in our technology spend or CapEx in general. It's a much more healthy spot to be.
Operator: We'll go next to Ron Josey with JMP Securities.
Ronald V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Two, please. Maybe a follow-up on Travelocity. Could you provide any update on maybe pushing, or I guess, the partnership between 2 companies, maybe there's any additional insight in what Travelocity's planning on the marketing spend to help plan the overall business? And then, separately, Dara, I think you commented that very healthy travel environment, ADRs are up. I think occupancy is close to record highs. So I'm wondering if this is among the best macro environments you've been at least here domestically. And is this one of the reasons why maybe the AMR and other airlines provided lower overall -- or suppliers pushing back on pricing, I guess, is the question.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I'd say, on Travelocity, as far as an update on the partnership, I'd say the Travelocity team and our teams are working closely. We don't control the Travelocity marketing plan. They've got a very, very strong marketing team there. And in general, they continue to build their brand, which is a very strong brand. And they are developing, really, the variable channels, which have become more available to them now that they have a platform that is -- that can convert well and a supply base that is a -- that's kind of a best-of-breed supply base, especially in North America. That said, we don't have, I would say, very significant visibility into their plans or spend. That's a separate company. They are competitor of sorts with us. So there is a bit of a Chinese wall there. And as a result, we would have a hard time giving you real insight as to what their plans are for Q4 or for 2015. As far as the travel environment goes, I have a relatively -- we've been here for a long time, but I feel like I've got a short memory. But this is -- this is a pretty darn strong environment and it's strong broadly. And the strength is also augmented by the fact that there's very little supply coming into the marketplace. You don't hear about -- much about increased supply for, certainly, the domestic airlines. And in general, hotel supply growth, which trails kind of cyclically slow, other than a couple of markets. New York was an exemption, for example, last year. Hotel supply growth has been muted as well. So that creates a very, very strong environment for our supply partners. And it's a great tailwind for us as well, as far as ADRs go. So I think it's an environment where you can have win wins. I do think that in strong environments, intermediaries like us have to work harder because suppliers have -- the alternatives for suppliers improve. And I think, as a company, we know we have to get better. There are certain parts of our business, the opaque parts of our business, for example, Hotwire, or the package parts of our business, that take a bit of a nick as far as the quality of the inventory goes, or the quality of the discounts. But it's unquestionably good for the retail part of the business and the retail part of the business is growing very, very nicely. So all in all, when we look at the environment, we're happy about the environment. And frankly, we don't want it to change.
Operator: We'll go next to Ross Sandler with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just -- I had 2 questions. Mark, so if we look at the advertising and other line, up 29% versus last quarter, 54%. I guess that explains the shift of clicks within trivago to Expedia properties. So how do we think about that going forward? Is that a one-time step-up? Or will it continue to kind of creep higher? And I think you called out 50% gross revenue growth for trivago. Can you just remind us how that compared with prior periods on a gross basis? And then, looking into 4Q, what kind of domestic room night growth are we -- do you think we can expect to see in the fourth quarter?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So the advertising and other line, up 29% versus last quarter, 54%. There was a little bit of a slowdown in our ad and media growth, our ad and media business, the Media Solutions business. But there certainly was a continuation of share gains by particularly Brand Expedia and Hotels.com in trivago. I think the teams are continuing to look for ways to gain more share in trivago. And I would just say generally, that trivago is a channel that really reflects what's happening in the broader industry, which is the global players are generally taking share from the smaller players. So it's hard for me to look into crystal ball and tell you whether share gains will continue forever. But I do think that that's a very real possibility. In terms of the sequential growth rate in trivago. We said in the last call that it had been growing broadly in line in the second quarter, as it had since the time of the acquisition. So this is a bit of a slowdown from that. Certainly, something we are anticipating largely because they were lapping over a pretty aggressive push into the U.S. through 2013...
Dara Khosrowshahi: And euro weaknesses is also going to, obviously, affect trivago growth.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Yes, definitely, as well. With respect to room night growth outlook for Q4, we're not going to give a guide on the overall room night growth trends. But I think, if you take a look at the past number of quarters and you normalize for Easter and you normalize for some slowdown we saw in eLong this quarter, it's been pretty consistent.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Millman with Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Two questions. First, I was looking at -- or to what extent are you seeing any travel changes related to Ebola or terrorism in terms of where people are going or where they're not going or how they're going, or when they're going? And then I have a question on U.S. car rental.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as Ebola, terrorism, et cetera goes, we do see local changes in travel patterns as a result of local events. So for example, Russian ADRs came down with the trouble there. The Hong Kong market has softened a bit as a result of the troubles there or the protests. And travel to West Africa is down on a year-on-year basis as well. So we certainly see local effects. It is tough, at this point, to assess out whether there's been a global effect with Ebola. We've done some analysis, but honestly, we haven't spent much time on it. So while Ebola might be having some effect, we don't think that it's a significant effect. And if it were significant, it will be something that we would -- we bring up in this call. We just don't see it yet. It could change if the news gets worse, but at this point, there's not a big macro effect that we're observing.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Just a follow-on on that question. When you're seeing these changes, Hong Kong, Russia, West Africa, are these -- are people traveling -- having alternative plans or staying locked in their bedrooms?
Dara Khosrowshahi: It's tough to tell. I'd say the local people maybe are staying more in their bedrooms. But there's always some place exciting to travel to. In general, the price of getting to destinations, flights other than the U.S., has come down. It's become quite available with low cost carriers to the general public. So it's our feeling that the demand just shifts from one market to the other and doesn't suffer in a significant way on an overall basis.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Michael, on car. I would just say, generally, in the overall U.S. environment, particularly, no real change to the story. Fleets remain tight, access to inventory remains a bit of a challenge and I think that's something that we're certainly expecting to continue, just given the consolidation that we've seen in that industry. With respect to our performance in car, we've seen some very nice results, Brand Expedia putting the car business on the new technology platform has really helped us out there and they're seeing great trends. Obviously, with the addition of the Travelocity business and to a lesser extent, the Auto Escape business, our recent acquisition has helped us. RPDs are relatively flat year-on-year, slight growth primarily on mix. And we are seeing some revenue margin pressure principally with respect to mixed shift away from the Hotwire or opaque business and some more discounting there as well. So I think, overall, it's a healthy story for us. But the challenges remain in the U.S. car rental industry more broadly.
Operator: We'll go next to the Ken Sena with Evercore.
Kenneth Sena - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: So just going back to the comparison of TripAdvisor versus trivago and the fact that you're seeing more clicks from trivago. Is there anything -- having worked with those companies now for as long as you have, that you can maybe provide to us as far as the consumer experience being provided on each of those platforms that might be leading to that higher conversion and those additional clicks?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I think as far as clicks go, the volume of clicks isn't dependent on conversion. That's a volume of clicks that essentially click off that a trivago will send us or a TripAdvisor will send us, but it certainly wasn't a comment on conversion. I would say, in general, while this isn't a comment on consumer experience, trivago traffic tends to be more domestic based and TripAdvisor has a greater international mix of customers, which makes some sense. One of the strengths of TripAdvisor is their reviews, et cetera. So maybe if you're flying off to France and you're looking for some place to stay in the South of France, TripAdvisor can certainly add a lot of value there. trivago seems to add very significant value for a price conscious consumer who wants to find, who -- kind of a power user who wants to find the absolute best pricing and availability out there. So maybe that's a reflection of the mix. Both products are very, very strong products and both products continuing to grow and take increasing share of travel search.
Operator: We'll go next to Manish Hemrajani with Oppenheimer.
Manish Hemrajani - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Can you talk about mobile here a bit. What was mobile share of total bookings? And any color you can provide geographically where you're seeing better traction with mobile? And also, how do conversion rates stack up on mobile versus desktop?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, as far as mobile share goes. In previous calls, we talked about mobile being, I'd say around 20% of room nights across our various brands. And that share continues to grow as our mobile channels, I'd say, across the board, are growing faster than our desktop channels. And that's both in terms of traffic and in terms of room nights as well. On the conversion rates on mobile, that's not something that we talk about, for competitive reasons. But certainly, we see in mobile, as you would expect, very significant, last-minute activity. We also see significantly shorter length of stay. Again, to be expected. In general, while mobile is a very, very nice growth story for us, our ability to acquire customers across mobile channels profitably is challenged. So mobile, I'd say, is a revenue, is a great revenue tailwind and is a sales and marketing headwind for us. But one thing that we are seeing that's very encouraging is that the pattern of use from mobile bookers on our apps, et cetera, is very, very strong. These are really good products that we are introducing and innovating and Hotwire has won a bunch of prizes for their product. Brand Expedia introduced a great new mobile app experience, et cetera. And the various brands are also launching on wearables. So our ability to invest and innovate, I think, creates an advantage for us. And as a result of that, we think, over a long period of time, mobile is going to be a very, very significant opportunity for us. I would say, internationally, what I've said, applies internationally everywhere. China, in particular, is seeing a higher percentage of mobile adoption than, I'd say, elsewhere in the world. And a very high percentage of that mobile activity is on apps versus mobile web.
Operator: We'll go next to Kevin Kopelman with Cowen and Company.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Just a quick one. Hotel supply. Can you just give us some color on what kind of hotels, in which geographies, your new investments are having the biggest impact in? In terms of your hotel supply investment?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure, happy to, Kevin. I would say that we are adding hotel supply everywhere. We're still very much at the early stage here. But again, just for context, this quarter, we ended up at about 365,000 properties, including eLong. And if you compare that to the 700,000 or 800,000 or even more that's on trivago or TripAdvisor, there's just a ton of headroom left. We think there's headroom and pretty significant headroom still remaining in the U.S., for example, one of our most mature markets and secondary and tertiary markets. We think there's a big opportunity for us in Europe, particularly in the Expedia Traveler Preference Program. It's certainly opened that up for us. So we are -- we're adding everywhere and we would -- I would expect that the pace of acquisition is only going to increase from here. And I think as Dara said, this year, year-to-date, we've got 3x the amount of revenue from new hotels than we did last year. So the results of what we're doing seem to be working and we're going to continue on the path that we're on right now.
Operator: And we'll go next to Scott Devitt with Stifel.
Ansel Parikh - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: This is Ansel Parikh in for Scott Devitt. I just had a quick question regarding Travelocity. Previously, you guys kind of provided the contribution, the percentage contribution, Travelocity provided to total room nights growth. I was just wondering if you could give that out this quarter.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. It was about 400 basis points again this quarter.
Operator: We have no further questions in the queue at this time.
Alan Pickerill: Okay. Thanks, everybody, for joining the call. Dara, do you have any closing remarks?
Dara Khosrowshahi: No, just good -- thank you to the Expedia, Inc. worldwide employee base. We had another good quarter and let's keep our eyes on the ball and let's keep executing. And thanks, everyone, for joining us.
Operator: That concludes today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-31 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Alan Pickerill -  Dara Khosrowshahi - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Mark D. Okerstrom - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ronald V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Eric James Sheridan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Manish Hemrajani - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Brian Patrick Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Brian Nowak - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division Dean Prissman - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Expedia Q2 2014 Earnings Conference. Just a reminder, today's call is being recorded. And at this time, it is my pleasure to turn the conference over to Alan Pickerill. Please go ahead, sir.
Alan Pickerill: Thanks, Lori. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Expedia, Inc.'s financial results conference call for the second quarter ended June 30, 2014. Pleased to be joined on our call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, Expedia's CEO and President; and Mark Okerstrom, our CFO. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, July 31, 2014, only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate or similar statements. Please refer to today's press release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You'll find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the company's IR website at ir.expediainc.com. I encourage you to periodically visit our Investor Relations site for important content, including today's earnings release. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense, and technology and content expense exclude stock-based compensation and depreciation expense, and all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2013. With that, let me turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Alan. Q2 was an excellent quarter for our company. We drove top line trends above our expectations, and through disciplined control of our fixed costs, saw a good majority of that outperformance drop to the bottom line. While Easter timing helped and soft top line comps flattered our results year-on-year, I couldn't be more pleased with how the teams are executing and about the strong results that we're seeing as a result. From a brand perspective, we saw strong performance pretty much across the board. Brand Expedia and Hotels.com continued to perform very well. The Travelocity implementation went smoothly, and that business is performing better than we had expected, amplifying both top line and bottom line growth rates. trivago continued with heavy investment in selling and marketing, driving ongoing revenue strength, as that brand continues its global expansion. Egencia continues to drive for share gains with its disruptive approach and superior customer value proposition. We have seen some additional downside from Hotwire, and the team continues to work hard to put their new strategy into action and to get the business positioned again for future growth. From a product perspective, our strong hotel room night growth benefited from the continued ramping of the Travelocity business and the tailwind from Easter shifting into the second quarter this year. In addition, acquisition of new hotel supply continued at a faster pace with our global hotel count, including eLong's inventory in China, up almost 50% year-on-year. We set aggressive targets for revenue from newly acquired hotels this year, and the team is delivering against those plans. We also have a very positive story around the car rental business on Brand Expedia this quarter. We shifted the complete car path to the new platform and saw very strong, nearly immediate improvements in conversion of volume trends. The team will continue to test and learn on the car platform to drive additional improvements, and we're optimistic about the potential. We believe this is another strong proof point of the technology advantages gained through investments that we've made over the past years. In addition, we recently completed the acquisition of the Auto Escape Group, which is made up of 2 European car rental brands, Auto Escape and Car del Mar. This business will join our CarRentals.com team, and we expect the acquisition to help our efforts to drive growth in our global car rental business. From a geo perspective, we saw solid growth in all of our major regions. International bookings growth of 21% and international revenue growth of 30% reflect good near-term results against the backdrop of an excellent long-term opportunity. And in early July, we announced the agreement to acquire Wotif, a leading online travel agency in Australia. This deal fits squarely into our stated objectives of driving international growth and aggressively growing our hotel business. According to Euromonitor estimates, the Australian retail travel market is roughly $32 billion in annual travel bookings -- gross bookings, while the overall hotel market in Australia is around 15% -- $15 billion per year, with about 36% estimated to be online. So the market itself is quite attractive, not to mention the opportunity for inbound and outbound travel in the region. Now regarding Wotif specifically, since it's a public company, you can see a lot of details about their history and recent trends in their public filings. But our deal is currently under regulatory review and Wotif still needs shareholder approval of the transaction. So while we can say that we're looking forward to welcoming Wotif to the Expedia family, we're limited in what we can share about any specific future plans. We expect the deal to close in the fourth quarter of this year, and we should be able to share more at a later date. Again, thanks to the team for all the hard work so far this year. We're seeing a very competitive summer booking season as we move through Q3, and we're not resting on our Q2 laurels. We know that we have a ton of work ahead of us, but we feel good about our ability to deliver as we enter the second half of the year. With that, let me turn the call to Mark for some brief comments on the financials, and then we'll open it up for Q&A.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Thanks, Dara. Financial results for the second quarter were quite a bit better than we had expected. Over the past couple of years, we worked very hard to position the business to have strong discipline in our fixed costs to fund aggressive investments in selling and marketing. In this structure, revenue outperformance tends to have strong flow-through to profitability, and that's exactly what we saw this quarter. In hotel, the revenue growth of 23% year-over-year was driven primarily by room night growth of 28%. Domestic room night growth was 24%, and international growth was 31%, both about 4 percentage points faster than in Q1. Travelocity added just over 4 percentage points to global room night growth versus just under 3 percentage points in the first quarter, and we estimate that Easter provided a tailwind of around 150 basis points. Aided by 2 percentage points of growth in average daily rates this quarter, revenue per room night was down 4% year-over-year. Notably, this quarter, the revenue per room night decline was driven primarily by inventory expansion efforts and the impact of our loyalty programs and discounting, with no real impact from the international mix component that we've been noting for a while. We believe that global size and scale drive real competitive advantages in online travel. And given the size of the global opportunity ahead of us, we'll be happy to continue to trade unit economics for greater volume over the long term. Q2 is our first completely clean comp on the trivago acquisition. In this quarter, we posted growth in advertising and media revenue of 54% on continued strength for trivago and our Media Solutions group. And on a gross basis, including intercompany revenue, trivago grew revenue robustly at similar rates to what we've seen since we made the acquisition. trivago continues to grow in importance as a traffic acquisition channel for travel advertisers across the globe. Importantly, our own online travel brands are finding trivago to be an excellent source of leads and are happy to participate in the significant clip volume growth that trivago is generating. Note that as trivago gets larger and as we lap the aggressive push into the U.S. in the back half of 2013, we do expect to see deceleration in the rate of top line growth for trivago in the back half of this year. Air revenue grew 22% on ticket growth of 28%. Both gross bookings and revenue continued to be helped this quarter from the Travelocity book of business, which represented 18 percentage points of total ticket volume growth. On the expense side, we saw solid leverage this quarter in cost of revenue and general and administrative expenses, with each growing at rates nicely lower than revenue. As expected, we did see a sequential increase in the pace of growth of our technology and content expense, and we expect to see that accelerating trend continue as we move through the rest of the year. Overall, these expense trends were right in line with our target P&L and gave us ample room for selling and marketing investments, which grew just a bit faster than revenue in the quarter. The net result was an expansion in our Q2 adjusted EBITDA margin, which, although a nice result, is not something we're solving for on a recurring basis. From a capital allocation perspective, we repurchased 3 million shares since our last earnings call, bringing our year-to-date total to 5 million shares for $362 million or approximately $72 per share. We're also happy to announce today a quarterly dividend of $0.18 per share, representing an increase of 20%. Turning to our financial expectations for 2014. We now expect full year adjusted EBITDA to grow in the range of 16% to 19%. With the benefit of the strong Q2 outperformance, we've decided to make some additional discrete investments in the back half of the year, pushing down the pedal a bit on selling and marketing and adding staff to our supply organization to drive an accelerated pace of hotel supply acquisition. With that, let's move to Q&A. Operator, will you please remind participants how to queue up for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we will go first to Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: It really seems like fundamentals are inflecting up. And I assume a lot of that is due to just improved execution at the company. But, Dara, would you call out any other broader trends, factors, increasing impact of mobile changes in consumer patterns, behaviors or supplier shifts, something else other than better execution, which is boosting these results?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Mark. One is that the travel [Audio Gap] is a healthy category to be in. Travel spend, in general, is growing nicely faster than GDP. And then we've got the online tailwind behind us. And then we've been growing pretty aggressively internationally, as you know. So you kind of have 3 tailwinds behind you: you're in a good category, more is going online and mobile is accelerating. And for us, international remains a great opportunity that's very, very underpenetrated. As far as the particulars of our execution, I'd point out a couple of things -- and I would say that, listen, Mark, this is an execution ground game. And you have teams here executing quite well. A couple of things that I'd point out is one is Hotels.com is really coming on strong for us. That team is executing very well. The Captain Obvious campaign in the U.S. is doing well. The website is converting at a higher rate than it has been in the past, and that's the result of good work on the product and technology side. And I think one area that we don't talk to a lot is that the Welcome Rewards program, which is the simplest program out there, you buy 10 rooms, you get 1 free, is really building up a core of consumers who are loyal to the Hotels.com brand. And display behavior, repeat behavior, that's pretty exceptional as far as how often they repeat and what channels they repeat through. So you have -- now, as you're increasing that supply base, the initial investments in Welcome Rewards is negative. But then the repeat rate turns it positive over a period of time. And Welcome Rewards is really starting to scale, which I think is helping us out. Brand Expedia, I think, continues to execute well. It's been a consistent story. And I think one area that we're seeing with Brand Expedia, you see the air volumes are now positive. But we are now able to -- increasingly able to upsell our customers into multiple transactions, buying more than one item at a time, which is particularly profitable for Brand Expedia because we've got to sell a consumer once. And your revenue per consumer, as a result, goes higher. And you only have a single marketing cost against that. So I think that's the second factor. And then a third factor for us is hotel supply. We have -- we spent the last couple of years getting our systems into shape, getting our processes into shape, getting the ETP machine up and we stepped on the gas as far as hotel acquisition. And we're seeing greater revenue, significantly greater revenue from new hotel acquisition this year than we did last year. I'd add to that a couple of macro factors, which is Easter and then Travelocity being a part of the family. So when you put all those factors together, you get a pretty good result, and it's a result that we're quite happy with.
Operator: It's from Justin Post at Merrill Lynch.
A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: In your prepared remarks, you mentioned a lot about competitive dynamics, and we know marketing spend is up in the industry. Can you tell us how you're able to maybe offset that competition? Are you improving your ROI on your spend or moving up the search ranking results and maybe better placement on mobile? Talk a little bit about that. And then also on the competitive front, TripAdvisor with their insta-book, I don't think you're directly participating. But your thoughts around that, and do you see that maybe as a competitive headwind?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Well, I think the competitive dynamic that we've seen in the business has been pretty consistent over the last year or 2, especially -- and I think it ratcheted up, especially with Booking.com and TripAdvisor spending dollars offline, where they hadn't in the past. So you're in a situation where there are more voices competing for the consumer attention. And you just have to execute better than you have in the past. And we've invested pretty aggressively in technology, product, et cetera. And I think it's those investments that are helping us compete in this marketplace. In general, we are seeing the price of reaching the online consumer, in particular, increasing on a year-on-year basis. Prices, in general, higher. We're able to offset some of that with the conversion improvements, et cetera, and leveraging the fixed cost base of the business. But in the online channels, we see things getting more expensive, not less expensive. The teams are consistently looking for pockets of demand that we don't have a lot of competition in. And sometimes you find those pockets and you invest in those pockets. We're also quite interested in some of the newer social channels, Facebook, Twitter, et cetera, to see whether we can drive volume at reasonable prices. And I'd say we've had some limited success there, chiefly because those areas haven't scaled. But we're very, very interested in scaling them. As far as Trip instant book, that's a product that's been out there for a couple of quarters now. We're not participating in the product. It's not a channel that is of interest to us. I don't see that changing. And at this point, we don't really see any effect on our business, as you can tell by the room night growth, et cetera.
Operator: And we'll go to Ron Josey at JMP Securities.
Ronald V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: Just a real quick question on hotel growth. And clearly, things are going very well, Dara, with what you are saying. But I wanted to ask about the progress in cross-selling I guess, Travelocity's business. Maybe that's more air-centric to hotels. I think that was something that was an opportunity that you all mentioned prior.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. I think we're pleased with both the hotel performance and the package performance for Travelocity. We're not -- we don't control the marketing spend there. But in general, hotel and package performance have been quite good. I'd say, overall Travelocity performance is pretty good, and we're pleased with the results.
Operator: And we'll go to Mike Olson at Piper Jaffray.
Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Some of the other players in the online travel ecosystem are getting more aggressive in peripheral areas beyond travel bookings, obviously like restaurant, event and attraction bookings. What are just your general thoughts about the opportunities in those peripheral markets, your potential participation there?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Well, I think that the travel market, in general, is a pretty big, broad market. And there's plenty of product to offer and market to our consumers. In particular, if you look at Expedia, Expedia is really the only global multiproduct, broad online travel agency out there left, right? The only one that's really trying to build a global presence. It is a challenge to build a global presence across a number of product: air, package, hotel, car, destination, services, et cetera. And we believe that we're just getting started. We're investing in it very, very aggressively. And so we think we've got a pretty broad remit already. And at this point, we're not looking to broaden it further. We want to get much, much better at what we do, and we think that we've got a long way to go there. And really, that's what we're focused on.
Operator: And we'll go to Eric Sheridan at UBS.
Eric James Sheridan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Maybe about the implied guidance for the back part of the year and the comment around marketing dollars and sales force investments. I want to know if we can get any more granularity about what those dollars might be used to invest in, and then sort of how we should be looking for payoff on those investments as we exit '14 and move into '15.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. Well, I think we've put ourselves in the position over the course of the last number of years that by and large, the investment cycle in, call it, the platform, the websites, et cetera, the rollout of the Expedia Traveler Preference program, largely, that big investment cycle is behind us. And that's in steady-state now. And what we're focused on now is really driving more volume over the platform. And we do that by driving more aggressive sales and marketing on the consumer side; and on the supply side, by signing up more hotels and really trying to drive as much volume into those new hotels as we can. So the investments that we're going to be making are really to those ends, reaching new pockets of consumers, screaming a little bit louder to get their attention; and then on the supply side, signing up new hotels, really, around the world. If you look at our total hotel count of just over 300,000 and compare that with the number of hotels listed on TripAdvisor or trivago, which is 700,000 or 800,000, there's just tons of room left for us. And so we're going to be putting those dollars to work to continue to penetrate into both the consumer side and the supply side of the platform. The payoff for those, I think, is a little bit more predictable and a little bit more short term than certainly large replatforming efforts. But it's not all in year, it does build a long-term asset. Some of it flows through in period. But also, a big portion of it will flow through to future years, 2015 and beyond.
Operator: And that is from Michael Millman at Millman Research.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Could you talk a little bit more about ETP, in particular the signings you're getting? Are those typically new client hotels? Or are they existing? And is there a difference in terms of choosing where they came from, agency or merchant, between the new and existing? And also, on the rental cars, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about -- you indicated that [indiscernible] integrated, how that's actually working out, if indeed you're seeing some of the suppliers want to get more involved in understanding your platform. And then what the availability of cars has been for Hotwire and what the pricing looks like in the second quarter. And to what extent all the recalls have affected the industry. Sorry, for this long -- this message.
Dara Khosrowshahi: No problem, Michael. Thanks for the question. As far as ETP and sign-ups that we're getting, I'd say, in general, because we have a very significant, call it, base of hotels out there, the majority of the ETP sign-ups, so to speak, are hotels that are already in the fold. I think those hotels, they see a couple of things, which is higher conversion from consumers when they're given choice. And often, average length of stay can increase because consumers don't necessarily have to pay upfront. So hotels that are looking for more share within our marketplace, existing partners, usually our market managers go out there. They pitch them ETP. And it's a pretty good pitch, and the hotels that have been signing up have been quite happy about that performance. So that's been route one as far as extending ETP, and it's -- and it continues to be a higher and higher percentage of our volume. It has also allowed us to be much, much more flexible when we go out there and sign up new hotels. There are some hotels who may want to work on an agency-only basis, who aren't looking for a bunch of promotion, who aren't looking for long-stay package bookings. And we can offer them a simple agency product there that's nicely integrated into our systems, and it's all one platform versus multiple platforms. And there are some hotels in Asia, for example, or Latin America who might prefer the merchant, a merchant model. And again, we can offer those hotels a merchant model and offer them the ability to get carriage on Expedia, on Hotels.com, et cetera. So ETP has really given us a lot of flexibility. And the market managers are using that great tool to go out there and sign hotels, and we're seeing it as far as revenue from new hotels really improving significantly on a year-on-year basis. As far as the rental cars goes, the -- we're quite happy with the rental car trends. Our days -- car days that we are now marketing, and transactions have accelerated pretty consistently. So Q2 was better than Q1 and Q1 was better than last year. And in general, pricing is pretty solid. Our revenue per day is up on a year-on-year basis at modest amounts, but it is up. One area of pressure that we have seen is that as it relates to Hotwire, a lower percentage of car rental bookings are opaque this year than last year. As demand has improved, the percentage of opaque sales has gone down a little bit, and that has proved to be a bit of a challenge for the car business inside of Hotwire. But overall when we look at rental cars, we like what we see on the Brand Expedia side. And then within car rentals and the Auto Escape Group, et cetera, we think we have a ton of potential and we've got a growth business ahead of us.
Operator: It's from Heath Terry at Goldman Sachs.
Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I caught the ticket number that you gave in terms of the impact of Travelocity, but any sense that you can give us on the impact on room night growth would be helpful. And then you've talked about sort of the way that you're viewing the instant-booking product at TripAdvisor. At the same time, Tingo, which is participating in that product, is leveraging your network. Is that something that gives you some leverage to that product? Do you see that as something that gives you leverage to the success in instant bookings should they have it? Or does that also sort of fall into your view of it not necessarily being something that you're looking to participate in from a network side of things either?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Right. Thanks, Heath. So Travelocity contributed about 400 basis points of global room night growth this quarter. That's compared to about 300 basis points roughly last quarter. And then I'll turn it over to Dara to answer the Tingo question.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. As far as Tingo goes, listen, they're one of many, many suppliers who hook into our EAN inventory. EAN powers literally thousands of websites. And we believe fundamentally in an open marketplace. We make our inventory available to lots of players. It's profitable for us. So those players don't have as many margin dollars to invest into marketing as, let's say, Brand Expedia or Hotels.com does. And in general, as long as those players aren't doing things that are unacceptable to us or unacceptable to, for example, our supply partners, or illegal, we make the inventory available to our EAN partners, and then the EAN partners make whatever decisions that they want with their marketing dollars. So -- and our philosophy has been open marketplace, make it open to competitors. We -- and I think that we will continue to in that manner. But as it relates to our brands, Expedia, Hotels.com, et cetera, we don't see those brands participating in TripAdvisor, we -- in TripAdvisor instant book. We just don't see the value there, the strategic value. And so at this point, I wouldn't expect to see those brands show up within that product.
Operator: And we'll go to Doug Anmuth at JPMorgan.
Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Two things. Mark, first, you talked about having most of the investment cycle behind you at this point. So just as we look out a little bit -- and I know, of course, you're not really talking about '15 here. I mean, is it just reasonable to think that we'll continue to see leverage in the business? Is there anything that could derail you from that investment perspective? And then the second question, just on trivago. Can you give us some more color there just on how effectively the brands are using trivago and how you think about the efficiencies that you're getting there relative to other sources of marketing?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So with respect to the investment cycle being behind us, we're really running the business towards the target P&L that we laid out at the time of the TripAdvisor spinoff. And the formula is essentially for us to continue to have discipline in fixed and overhead costs. And as a group, have R&D, G&A, cost of sale leveraging nicely. And there'll be different bumps between the categories. But broadly, those will be growing slower than revenue. And then really, pushing for, really, the next marginal dollar on revenue based upon pushing sales and marketing as much as we can. So overall, P&L expansion is not something that we're solving for. We're solving for bottom line growth. And to get there, we do expect to be leveraging our fixed costs, and that's certainly our intention. So with respect to trivago, listen, it's been really good for our brands. trivago itself is a very fast growth business, as we've shared with you. And it's also aggressively pushing into markets in parts of the world where either we're strong right now and are looking for channels of growth or parts of the world where they're very strong and we're underpenetrated. And both Hotels.com and Expedia, as well as some of our smaller brands like Venere, have found just being -- working closer with trivago incredibly helpful. It's enabled them to just piggyback the channel growth that trivago has seen. For example, in the U.S., as trivago has grown pretty nicely and aggressively in this market, we've been able to grow in that channel across all of our brands pretty nicely. And then just in being closer to the trivago team and helping hone our own skills in being a good third-party bidder in that marketplace, it's enabled us to take share in markets where trivago is already mature. And perhaps, we're less strong, places like Europe, for example. So it's been a really good acquisition or at least investment for us. It's a welcome addition to the family. And I think all of our brands are quite happy to have them as part of the team.
Operator: And we'll go to Ross Sandler at Deutsche Bank.
Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just 2 quick questions. Mark, first one on the guidance and then one on the international room night growth. So given the strong 2Q performance, I think the midpoint of the updated guidance assumes that EBITDA growth will slow down a little bit in the back half to below the 16% level. Is that just conservatism? You mentioned some planned investments. So can you give us a little more color there? Or is it potentially some seasonal aspects of Travelocity that may have kind of moved it first half, second half? And then on the international room night growth, this is very solid, 31%. Can you just talk about how the growth looked in Europe versus APAC? And what do you expect there, given the supply additions that you mentioned earlier as we look out a couple years?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. Yes, so there's a few factors that are impacting our guidance and our outlook for the second half. And really, just for context, I think the first half of the year, in total, when you look at our first half of 2013 and you add in the addition of Travelocity, I would call it an easier comp than the back half of the year. So as we move into the second half, we are facing tougher comps. The business started to perform much more solidly in the back half of 2013, both in the top line but then also it's a difficult comp for us on the bottom line, too. Because as you can imagine, we weren't overly joyed with our performance last year. And our performance compensation adjusts nicely, given the outperformance so far this year. If that continues, it should go the other way. So it puts some pressure on our comps. The investments also are incremental. So again, those are things that will not, in their entirety, have in-year payoff. And then as Dara mentioned, we did have some disappointment or some downside in Hotwire. And so we're not expecting anything extraordinary from them in the back part of the year, too. So that does put a little bit more pressure on the growth. With respect to international room night growth, I would say that with the exception of pockets, Europe and Asia were broadly consistent with trends that we have seen for a fairly, fairly long time now. Europe growing nicely. APAC, given our mix into China and South Korea and some of these other higher-growth markets for us, growing a little bit faster. There was some disruption in the quarter, continues to be disruption in markets like Malaysia, given what's going on in that country, as well as Thailand. But broadly, I would say, consistent trends with what we've seen historically. And we don't see any immediate reason, absent changes in the geopolitical climate, to expect anything different in the future. But it is difficult to predict.
Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: If I could ask one quick follow-up to the first one. So if we take the back half run rate, stripping out any contribution from Wotif, is that the more reasonable way to think about how this is going to look going forward? Like, is Travelocity contribution going to grow in 2015, do you think? Or is it too early to tell?
Mark D. Okerstrom: It's too early for us to start talking about 2015. I think that we generally produce a minority of our adjusted EBITDA in the full year in the first part of the year. So we still got a long road ahead of us in 2014. So we're not ready to talk about 2015 yet.
Operator: And we'll go to Manish Hemrajani at Oppenheimer.
Manish Hemrajani - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Can you talk about mobile here a bit? What was mobile share of total bookings? And any color you can provide regionally where you're seeing better traction with mobile? And also, how do conversion rates on mobile compare with the desktop?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as mobile share bookings, it continues to be in excess of 20% and it continues to grow much, much faster than desktop. And this is true -- on a worldwide basis, really, it's grown quite fast in the U.S. Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, pretty consistently there. I'd say in general, we have excellent traction, where -- especially on downloads on iOS devices. And we are building up our download base in geos where you have Android dominating as an operating system. And I think one of the muscles that we have to work out and flex is, is how to drive Android downloads, in general, at scale effectively. I'd say, we're very, very good on the iOS side. I think we can get better at Android. But the teams are working quite well there. China, of course, mobile and mobile downloads are growing incredibly fast and we think will continue to grow. We've got over 150 million downloads now across the EI family. We're also -- we also believe that we can improve on mobile web. The app world is one -- is a great one in which you can get loyal customers who come back to you with a nice frequency and can come back to you direct. But we think mobile web -- we see lots of consumers turning to mobile web. And we are continuing to optimize our sites to be more effective on mobile web. And in general, I think that our mobile web optimization has only just begun. We are at the beginning-to-middle stages of that. And I think we can expect a lot of improvements on a go-forward basis. In general, conversion rates on mobile tend to trail conversion rates on desktop, if you look at the same booking window, and we've -- and as a result of that, we think that there's plenty of improvement there. Length of stay, obviously, for mobile, is much, much lower than desktop. So a mobile click, so to speak, in general is worth less to us than a desktop click. But we're very -- we're working very, very hard to build conversion and to increase our ability to pay for those mobile clicks on a global basis.
Operator: And we'll go to Kevin Kopelman at Cowen and Company.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: So you called out the Welcome Rewards loyalty program. Is that a situation where you saw performance hitting an inflection point this quarter? Or is it more just a continuation of what you had already been seeing?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. It's really a continuation of what we have been seeing. Welcome Rewards has been a very significant investment in really marketing dollars that Hotels.com has been making. They took it international. I think it was a little over 2 years ago. And so the member base as of, I'd say, 2 years ago really started accelerating. It continues to grow. And in general, if you look at the Hotels.com business, the growth that we see from repeat customers and Welcome Rewards customers is quite impressive. And those customers tend to be, as I said, quite loyal and they tend to come through much more direct channels. So it's a great battery that's being charged up and it's getting to be of significant scale within the Hotels.com business at this point.
Operator: It's from Brian Fitzgerald at Jefferies.
Brian Patrick Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Maybe 2 quick follow-ups. One on the -- on ETP mix, what percent of it is Hotel Collect room nights stayed, as it stabilizes, or does agency continue to grow higher? And then the second follow-up is on Travelocity. Now that the rollout is complete, you've mentioned before, you're going to fine-tune it and you also have new products. Wondering if we could get a little bit more color on where the focus is there between new products and fine-tuning?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So with respect to ETP agency, hotel room nights continue to grow at rates significantly faster than merchant. We're continuing to see the trend in terms of upward mix, as you might expect, in agency as a percentage of our total bookings. So broadly similar trends, as we've seen in prior quarters. And again, we're very happy with the results of that program so far and continue to be pretty excited about how it's performing and what it means for our business. With respect to Travelocity, listen, I think we're still a bit a ways from tuning it perfectly. That said, we have been very happy with the performance so far. We think that the Travelocity marketing team, from what we can tell, has done a really nice job adjusting to the new platform and getting their bidding algorithms and models built up in a nice form. But I don't think we're quite done yet. And I think it'll be several quarters before we get to sort of the full year optimized rate.
Operator: And we'll go to Brian Nowak at SIG.
Brian Nowak - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I have 2. The first one is to go back to Travelocity. It sounds like it's going out better than expected. Could you talk to how user conversion is trending compared to the old Travelocity platform? And how are you thinking about Travelocity EBITDA contribution under the new higher guidance? And then the second one on trivago. Could you help us on trivago kind of post-intercompany EBITDA contribution either for the quarter or year-to-date? And then for the back half, how do you guys think about kind of managing investing for more top line growth versus letting the incremental margin advertising dollars flow through?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Just starting on Travelocity. We don't have access to perfect data as far as user conversion at Travelocity goes. So we've got access to our own data. We don't have access to historical Travelocity data. But we believe that conversion, especially on the hotel and package path, is up year-on-year and up significantly. But we don't have perfect data on that. Mark, do you want to talk about the other questions?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So with respect to EBITDA contribution, we're not providing an update on the guidance we've given previously. I would just say that the ramp-up has gone better than we expected in terms of the replatforming effort. And I think the Travelocity marketing team has done a great job ramping up their side of the equation. And I think that's been in excess of our expectations as well. So it's -- we're not going to give a full year number. But I would say the first half of this year has been ahead of our expectations, really as a result of things ramping up to, call it, full potential at a steeper curve than we had anticipated. With respect to trivago, just a couple of things that I would say. We continue to invest behind what is an exceptionally well-executing company with a very talented management team that has a pretty consistent formula. And we've got expectations for them that we will have at least some adjusted EBITDA growth this year. But we're really investing for the top line. And really, the shape of the year is as we've said previously, which is pretty steep sales and marketing investments in the first part of the year. And then we see that starting to pay back in the back half of the year. As I did say in my prepared remarks, though, the back part of this year, we do start to lap over their ramp-up in the U.S. last year. And so we should see a bit of slowdown in the top line. But we're pretty happy with what we're seeing and continue to see great signs from that business. With respect to our investments, listen, we set objectives for ourselves in terms of what bottom line performance we expect on an overall basis, what bottom line performance we expect from each of our different business units. We're very happy to have outperformance and we're very happy to have outperformance, a portion of which we do end up dropping to the bottom line. That said, we've been pretty consistent that we are a player that's looking out on the long term. And so we're always balancing the short term with the medium to long term. And when we see opportunities to invest dollars with real, material payback, it may shift money from 1 year to another or 1 quarter to another. Generally, as long as we're hitting our objectives on the bottom line that we've set for ourselves and set for our brands, those are investments that we look pretty closely at. And I think 2014 is one of those years where we see some of those investments. We've looked at them pretty closely. And we feel pretty comfortable in the payback, but it does mean that we would drop less to the bottom line than we might otherwise, had we just been running this thing for quarters or for an annualized year.
Operator: And we'll go to Naved Khan at Cantor Fitzgerald.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Just a quick clarification on the guidance and how the acquisition of the Auto Escape Group is impacting that? And then I have a follow-up on Hotwire.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So there should not be a meaningful impact from the acquisition of Auto Escape, positive or negative, in this year. So next question?
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Yes. Just -- so Dara, on Hotwire, I think you mentioned that you saw some additional weakness. Can you just talk about it a little bit more and give us some more color on it?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. I think the most significant factor for Hotwire, we believe, is -- one is the competitive environment, where Priceline has introduced Express Deals, which is essentially a copy of the Hotwire product. And obviously, they're executing well. They're advertising aggressively, as they have in the past. The second factor is really the travel cycle. If you look at the travel cycle, this is a -- we started the call saying how the -- how travel, in general, is performing well. And in upwards travel cycles, you have opaque channels typically underperforming retail channels. And as a result, the kinds of pricing and the kinds of discounts that an opaque channel is able to deliver consumers in a less strong environment becomes challenged in a strong environment. The discounts are lower. The prices in general tend to be higher. And you've got a group of customers who's quite price sensitive. So one of the moves that Hotwire has made is to bring down pricing within the Hotwire system. So that this year versus last year, Hotwire is making less revenue per transaction because Hotwire is still trying to deliver very, very significant value to its customers. It's a right call to make long term. But short term, because you're making less revenue per transaction, without a real offset, it provides some revenue challenges and profit challenges. So as Hotwire has been reducing margins, we've been seeing some challenges with the P&L. But the team there is adjusting quickly. They are -- we talked about a pivot -- an aggressive pivot to mobile. They've got a new iOS app, which looks great. And they're also working on driving better supply and also better website conversion in order to offset some of the margin challenges and the pricing challenges that they've seen. So we're absolutely optimistic that the team can turn it around, but we're not assuming anything heroic [ph] for the balance of the year because we know that these margin challenges are going to continue at least through 2014.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: So as far as the guidance goes, does it assume further weakness or further weakening or sort of continued performance at current levels?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think it assumes that current trends don't change. And in general, current trends are a bit challenged for Hotwire. Even though the team is doing all the right stuff, at this point, we're not assuming that current trends change significantly.
Operator: It's from Dean Prissman at Crdit Suisse.
Dean Prissman - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Dara, you indicated you're seeing the cost to reach the consumer online up on a year-over-year basis. Can you comment on the degree to what you're seeing this both in North America and Europe? And then are the Expedia and Hotels.com rents fully represented as advertisers on trivago. Or said another way, to what degree do you see an opportunity to increase their representation and thus offset your marketing spend?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as the cost to reach online consumers, I'd say geo, in general, it's up fairly broadly. The FX in Europe was a tailwind, both for revenue and marketing cost, to some extent. APAC kind of went the other way. But in general, this is something that we're seeing on a global basis. And we continue to obviously execute through it, but we don't expect it to change, at least for the balance of 2014. As far as our brand's participation in trivago, on a year-on-year basis, trivago is the fastest-growing, I'd say, significant customer acquisition channel for our brands. So whenever our folks talk about it, they talk about it with a smile on their face. And we've been able to grow our participation in trivago at efficiencies that are quite good. And the quality of the traffic is quite good, in that whenever we look at any channel, we look at -- a channel may get a customer to book immediately. So trivago -- if we get a click from trivago, that customer could click in that session or that customer might be shopping and they might come 2 days later or 5 days later or 10 days later. And trivago will get some kind of credit for that as well. When we look at the pattern of the trivago transactions, it's a very high-quality pattern. Those consumers, they're real shoppers. They're very much engaged. And they are booking and booking quickly, which makes it a very high-quality click. So whenever you've got a marketing channel that's big, that's growing quickly and is driving high-quality clicks, it's a marketing channel that you pay attention to, and it's one that you invest into. And I'd say, so far, so good for us.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Yes. Dean, the only other thing I would add to that is we still have a significant opportunity in trivago, just with respect to the hotel acquisition focus that we have. If you look at our total hotel count versus the number of hotels that are advertised on trivago, there are a significant number of, call it, auctions that are happening in trivago that we simply just don't have a horse in the race for. So as we build out our hotel inventory, which is something that we mentioned we are doing on a much more aggressive basis, it will provide an opportunity for us to participate more broadly in the trivago channel and gain share versus where we are right now.
Operator: And gentlemen, I have no further questions. At this time, I'll turn the program back over to you for any additional or concluding remarks.
Alan Pickerill: Okay. Thanks, everyone, for joining the call. The webcast replay will be up on the IR site shortly. Dara, any closing comments?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. Just a thank you to the team EI for a really, really strong quarter. Mark and I get to talk about it, but it's the team who's actually doing the work. So we appreciate it. And as far as our investors go, we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Thanks.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, once again, that does conclude today's conference. I'd again like to thank everyone for joining us.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-01 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Alan Pickerill Dara Khosrowshahi - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Mark D. Okerstrom - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Corporate Development
Analysts: A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Thomas Cauthorn White - Macquarie Research Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Eric James Sheridan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Ronald V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Andrew D. Connor - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Brian Nowak - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Expedia Q1 2014 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded today. And at this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Alan Pickerill, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Alan Pickerill: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Expedia, Inc.'s financial results conference call for the first quarter ended March 31, 2014. Pleased to be joined on the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, Expedia's CEO and President; and Mark Okerstrom, our CFO. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, May 1, 2014, only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate or similar statements. Please refer to today's press release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You'll find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the company's IR website at ir.expediainc.com. I encourage you to periodically visit our Investor Relations site for important content, including today's earnings release. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense, technology and content expense, exclude stock-based compensation and depreciation expense, and all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2013. With that, let me turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Alan. We're pleased with the solid first quarter performance and a good start to the year. From a geographic perspective, revenue growth was healthy across all the major regions. Outsize gross bookings growth of 29% was driven by continued strong performance at most of our major brands, in addition to the gross bookings generated through the Travelocity implementation. From a brand perspective, Brand Expedia continued to deliver strong top line performance despite tougher comps, as it continues driving innovation on its new technology platform. Hotels.com had healthy gross bookings growth and launched their new largest-ever integrated U.S. brand campaign called Captain Obvious, which is off to a good start, obviously, otherwise, I wouldn't mention it on this call. Hotels.com's loyalty program, Welcome Rewards, continues to do very well, with an increasing number of members driving a higher mix of gross bookings. Egencia and EAN, our private-label business also posted good results for the quarter. Near-term results continue to be challenging for Hotwire, but we're investing aggressively in growing our mobile channels, improving our supply and analytical capabilities, and are confident that the team is executing on the right plan that will get the business back to growth. Just a quick update on the Travelocity implementation. The rollout has been going well and the early results are encouraging. Travelocity Canada just launched this week, and the teams will continue to enhance and optimize the sites to improve conversion and add a few remaining products. Overall, the speed of this implementation and the success we've seen are strong evidence of the strength of our execution, technology and teamwork. From a product perspective, we saw healthy hotel room night growth, essentially consistent with the growth we posted in the fourth quarter, with the positive impact from Travelocity largely offset by the shift of Easter into Q2. We're pleased to see continued healthy growth in Brand Expedia's air ticket volume. The team continues to improve our cross-selling capabilities so that we can put air ticket bookers into hotel rooms and rental cars, and we believe there's a lot more potential here. We continue to build a big advertising and media business from both trivago and our Media Solutions group, which sells advertising for global OTA brands. trivago revenue was up over 80% year-on-year on a stand-alone basis, and we expect the team to continue with their aggressive global expansion efforts and heavy brand advertising. Media Solutions grew revenue 26% for the quarter and saw ongoing strength from their TravelAds product, which allows hotel partners better exposure in our marketplace. In fact, hotels that have participated have seen an improvement in room night growth of as much as 20% using this product. We're also ramping up media sales for Travelocity sites, and we believe this represents an attractive media opportunity for advertisers. Advertising and media represents a high-growth, high-margin business with low capital requirements, and we're excited about the opportunity and pleased with our progress. In terms of innovation, as we move past our focus on platform migration, we're getting into a product and technology rhythm of test and learn as part of our regular operations. And while the results would be most visible on our customer-facing front-ends, like the new Expedia.com responsive homepage, or the award-winning Hotels.com app, we're executing across all aspects of our business; from using automation to scale our marketing platforms and financial systems, to improving our connectivity and tool sets to make it easier for our hotel partners to work with us, to increasing our air and hotel search query speeds, to continuously improving our APIs for our private label and affiliate partners. All of this is dedicated to building the very best search and booking machine for our travel customers and supply partners, wherever they are, however they want to connect. We continue to see incredible opportunities in this large, global and competitive industry, and our teams are all up for the challenge. Mark?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Thanks, Dara. Overall, the results for the first quarter were slightly better than we had expected for both revenue and expenses. Disciplined expense growth in cost of revenue, technology and content and general administrative expenses again allowed us to invest aggressively in selling and marketing to drive solid top line trends and deliver slight adjusted EBITDA growth in a quarter that we had originally expected to be down year-over-year. In hotel, room night growth of 24% consisted of domestic growth of 20% and international growth of 27%. Travelocity added just under 3 percentage points of room night growth, the majority of which we estimate was offset by the shift of Easter into the second quarter. And note that the Travelocity bookings were 100% U.S., and as such, had a disproportionate impact on our domestic trends. Revenue per room night was down 10% year-over-year in the first quarter, driven primarily by the same 3 factors we have been discussing now for a while: expansion of our supply portfolio, including efforts to rollout ETP; improved inventory availability and adjust margins to account for specific market conditions; growth of our loyalty programs, along with discounting and couponing; and lastly, overall geographic mix, as we continue to build scale in international markets where unit economics and margins are lower. Note that all of these efforts are specifically designed to improve our customer experience through broader selection and choice, as well as competitive prices, in order to increase the likelihood that travelers will return to our brands as loyal customers, driving unit growth, scale and efficiencies over the long term. Advertising and media revenue grew 116% in the first quarter, adding over $50 million of revenue, with trivago driving most of this growth along with the strong performance for Media Solutions. Air revenue grew 28% on ticket growth of 30%, with solid performance in both domestic and international markets. Growth in both gross bookings and air revenue was amplified this quarter, as we scaled up the Travelocity site, which accounted for 18 percentage points of ticket volume growth, again, with a disproportionate impact on our domestic trends. Excluding Travelocity, the air business grew both ticket volume and revenue at healthy rates, similar to those we posted in the fourth quarter of last year. We are pleased to deliver a quarter where expense growth was in line with our target P&L, leveraging cost of revenue and G&A, de-leverage in selling and marketing as we grow the business globally and take share in key markets, and technology and content growing in line with to slower than revenue. Note that technology and content expense did grow a bit faster in Q1 than we had seen for the prior couple of quarters. Looking forward, though we continue to keep a close eye on our overall cash spend in this category, we do expect to see an acceleration in the growth of our reported tech and content spend over the next few quarters, due primarily to lower rates of capitalization, certain technology investments for some of our growth brands, like trivago and eLong, as well as incrementally more difficult expense comps. Regarding depreciation. We expect to see dollar growth on a sequential basis, similar to what we saw in the first quarter, for the remainder of 2014. As a reminder, although we have structured the business to drive towards a targeted P&L shape on an annualized basis, we don't expect to see it every single quarter. Before moving to our full year financial expectations, I'd like to cover a couple of quick housekeeping items. This quarter, we revised our presentation of operating expenses in the Discussion of Results section of our earnings release. Specifically, we have presented the expense line items there, excluding both stock-based compensation and now, depreciation. In this manner, the discussion of expenses is consistent with our adjusted EBITDA profitability metric. We included depreciation expense in total as a separate item with the applicable explanation of growth. Note that the GAAP income statement was not affected. Secondly, you'll note that our effective tax rates on both the GAAP and adjusted basis, were a bit anomalous this quarter. The GAAP effective rate was driven primarily by certain foreign losses for which we do not recognize a tax benefit, along with a revaluation of some deferred tax balances. The effective rate on adjusted net income was on the high side, also due to the foreign losses. The year-over-year comparison for both measures was also impacted by some items in the first quarter of 2013, which we described last year. Though difficult to predict with precision, we are expecting our full year effective tax rate to be around 25%. Turning to our financial expectations for 2014. We continue to expect full year adjusted EBITDA to grow in the range of 13% to 16%, with the vast majority of the dollar growth generated in the back half of the year. With that, let's move to Q&A. Operator, will you please remind participants how to queue up for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Justin Post with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A couple of questions. I don't know if you called it out, but maybe you could call out the Travelocity contribution to total bookings. I'm sorry if I missed that. And then, Dara, bigger-picture question. Several years of technology investment in the platform, where are you with that now? Do you think you've closed the gap versus peers? And then as far as like managing during the quarter, do you have better visibility now and are able to make adjustments more on the fly, so maybe less surprises? Pretty consistent results this quarter with last quarter.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So on Travelocity, we didn't disclose the gross bookings number. It did add just under 3 percentage points of global room night growth and about 18 percentage points of air ticket growth. This should help you approximate the number. And I would just remind you that Travelocity has a heavier air bookings mix, so there would be a disproportionate impact on gross bookings relative to revenue.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. And in terms of our investment on our technology platform, listen, we're very happy about where we are as far as the technology capabilities go across the board as a company. And I think the -- as I mentioned in my remarks, the parts of that you see are the website themselves, but our investment has gone much deeper into the core platforms. And I think at this point, we're at a place where we can continue to roll out new feature sets, whether they're customer-facing feature sets, supplier-facing feature sets, et cetera, while at the same time, continuing to make the kinds of platform investments, reinvest in our platforms so that we don't get into the situation that, frankly, we got into 5 years ago. I think we're at a very, very good place here. There are parts of the business that are still really aggressively investing in technology. trivago is increasing their investment; Egencia, as it integrates; and VIA continues to pretty aggressively invest in technology and appropriately. But I think we've seen the results that we've seen on our consumer sites. We're encouraged. And our execution is getting consistently better across the board. And I do think that you're seeing it on the results. The results have improved. And as you've said, the results in general have gotten more predictable. We're sometimes subject to the vagaries of the market, if there are significant changes in the competitive environment, et cetera, but we do feel like we have a lot more tools at our disposal. And the business is feeling much more like business as usual, which as far as I'm concerned, is great. And I'd say our confidence as a team in our ability to execute is much higher now than it was 2, 3 years ago.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Naved Khan with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Yes. So just on your room night growth, Dara, can you give us some color on room night growth for different geographies between EMEA and Asia Pac? And then, as for the total properties you had, it seems like you added 30,000 properties in the last quarter alone. Is that sort of a run rate you expect to see for some quarters moving forward?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. As long as the room night growth goes, the room night growth is pretty consistent, as it was last quarter, in that the U.S. room night growth was quite solid. It was aided by Travelocity coming into the mix. EMEA room night growth continued to be healthy, and then Asia Pacific room night growth was at very strong levels, along with Latin America as well. So we aren't seeing any significant changes one way or the other as far as the room night volumes and where they're coming from. It's pretty predictable. And we're really happy to see the strength that we're seeing domestically and internationally as well. As far as our total number of properties that we've added, a fair amount of those properties were coming in from eLong. We're integrating the eLong inventory into our mainline inventory, and we'll continue to do so. We are, in general, losing hotels on the GDS side and adding them onto our ETP and other platforms. We do expect that, this year, the contribution that we are getting from new hotels added to the system is going to increase significantly on a year-on-year basis. So I think you will see that as the year goes by. We think that new hotel adds are going to be a bigger part of our business going forward and we like where we started, although it's early.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: And in terms of the dynamics of hotels sort of dropping on the GDS side and being added more on the ETP side, are these the same properties or -- can you speak to that a little bit?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think it depends. We often see our big GDS producers, we're able to go to them and offer up much stronger merchandising capabilities, packaging capabilities, et cetera. So very often, we're moving them over from the GDS over to our systems. And it's a big win for the hotels, and obviously, it's a big win for us.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ross Sandler with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just a follow-up on the room night growth, so the 24% average and 20% domestic. Can you give us a little color on -- as you mentioned the 3-point benefit from Travelocity and the 3-point headwind from Easter, but we also are comping the slowdown from Hotwire from the beginning of last year. So can you just give us a little more color on maybe, at the brand level, what's outperforming or underperforming the prior trend line, given the easy comp with Hotwire?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So I mean, the 2 biggest factors were the ones we called out, Travelocity and Easter offsetting themselves. From a brand perspective, I would say, quarter-to-quarter, pretty consistent trends this quarter to what we saw last quarter across the portfolio. I think that the Hotwire comp will get incrementally easier as we move from Q1 into Q2. It really won't get purely clean until Q3. So that's a bit of a headwind for us. And then the other headwind to keep in mind, although trends continue to be very strong at Brand Expedia, is that we were ramping up on the new packages platform last year in Q1 and into Q2. And so that's an incremental headwind as well. But I think the important message is that, broadly speaking, trends were consistent this quarter to what we saw in the prior quarter across the portfolio.
Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then as we look into 2Q, you got the swing factor of Easter now benefiting the second quarter, that could be 3 to 6 points potentially, and the easy comp with Hotwire. So you could see a much more meaningful re-acceleration, potentially, north of 30% in the second quarter. Is that the right way to think about it?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Well, I would say that Hotwire is actually a headwind for us until Q3. It was -- performance was, I would say, on the way down in Q1 and continued into Q2. And actually, some of the bigger challenges we saw were in fact in Q2. And so, whether that and Easter completely offset each other or not, I'm not sure. But we wouldn't expect a net good guy in Q2. And then I would just remind you what we said or what I said on the last call with respect to Q2, which was that we -- despite the fact that the Street's expectations were higher than ours, we broadly hit our bottom line objectives for Q2, with the exception of some incremental investments in eLong and trivago that we made, and we called out $13 million on a year-on-year basis. And those are brands that we continue to invest in. So we don't expect that Q2 is a particularly easy comp for us on the bottom line. I think we do have some easier volume comps, just given the TripAdvisor transition that started really dropping in, in the second quarter.
Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And if I can squeeze one more, I'm sorry. But the TripAdvisor spend in the quarter, I don't think you guys broke it out. What was that?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, we're not going to break out our spend by channel broadly. You can see that, in general, our sales and marketing spend overall was up significantly on a year-on-year basis. And our strategy has been to invest aggressively in variable channels. So you can come to your own conclusions as it relates to TripAdvisor, but we're not going to be breaking out channels specifically.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Yes. And Ross, just specifically on the disclosure this quarter. Effective into the future, TripAdvisor is no longer going to be treated as a related party for disclosure -- financial disclosure purposes. And this is a result of the ownership and governance changes that we saw in late 2012 and into 2013.
Operator: Your next question's from the line of Tom White with Macquarie.
Thomas Cauthorn White - Macquarie Research: My question's on Travelocity. And I realize it's still a little bit early since the implementation. But relative to their marketing activity, I'm just wondering, do you guys have any visibility there? And are you in touch with them about kind of their marketing strategies or objectives or timing? Would their willingness to spend marketing dollars in a given period impact your appetite to do so in any way?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, we are -- Travelocity is very much an independent entity as it relates to their marketing spend. So we have very little visibility into what their marketing strategy is. Obviously, we talk to them. But it is a real third-party relationship. And so we see the effects of their marketing spend after the fact. After they spend it, we'll see more visitors, we'll see more transactions or not. So really, we do have some limited visibility there. So far, the implementation has been going well. So far, we hear from Travelocity that they're happy. And obviously, our technology platform and our supply base seems to be converting quite well for them. But other than that, we have quite limited visibility into what's going on down there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Douglas Anmuth with JP Morgan.
Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I just want to ask you a couple of things. First just on ETP, if you could update us on the progress there. And I may have missed it, but if you could talk more about the upticks that those properties are seeing in terms of room nights and how you're managing the incremental demand there, just as hotels want to increasingly shift over? And then second question, just regarding Room 77 with Google, if you could comment on how you're thinking about that partnership from a competitive perspective, but then also, perhaps, of course, as you're -- seem to be an investor in Room 77 as well.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Great. Thanks, Doug. So for ETP, it's really transitioned into business as usual for us, and it's really transitioned into our primary form of contracting new hotels and our primary form of relationships. 2013 was a year where we transitioned a whole lot of new relationships over to -- our existing relationships over to the ETP contract. And I think we ended the year with about 45,000 hotels live. And really, in 2014, it's just about, as new contracts come up for renewal, putting hotels on those contracts and as we sign up new hotels, putting them on the ETP platform, I would say, broadly speaking, for our consumers and for our suppliers, ETP has been and we expect will continue to be a huge success. It's really removed a lot of the barriers that we historically had with going with the pure merchant model, barriers that consumers felt, barriers that suppliers felt, and really have opened up our platform. Specifically, just in terms of some of the impacts that ETP has driven to our business, really best shown through the growth in our non-eLong agency room nights. Last quarter, we disclosed that the room night mix for the non-eLong Hotel Collect or agency room nights was over 15% and growing at rates over 100% year-on-year. And we actually saw metrics broadly consistent with that in the first quarter this year as well.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And as far as our investment in Room 77, the investment that we did have in Room 77 was pretty small in the grand scheme of things, so we don't have any particular insights as to that acquisition and discussions that happened behind the scenes and/or Google's strategy. If you level up a bit, Google has been investing in their hotel search experience for some period of time in the HPA product, as well as their other mobile products. So their investment in Room 77 and the team there certainly makes sense from a thematic standpoint. And that Room 77 had, we feel, built a nice travel search product, a nice hotel search product. So it fits along that theme, as far as Google's investments go. As long as we are able to work in partnership with Google and are able to competitively bid for their travel search volume, not just hotel search volume, we think we can continue to build our partnership with Google. And at least so far, we don't see any reason why we won't be able to be competitive in the very large Google marketplace on a go-forward basis.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Eric Sheridan with UBS.
Eric James Sheridan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I guess, now that you've had some time with the partnership with Travelocity, I want to understand if there was any update on the way in which you think sort of the run rate benefit to EBITDA might be, once you have sort of a full 12 months of full implementation, not this year, but further beyond. Second question on the guidance, with EBITDA coming in slightly better than the way you had talked about Q1, curious about maintaining the guidance at the 13% to 16% and what we might be looking for on the investment side for the rest of the year.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Thanks, Eric. So with respect to Travelocity, we're not giving an update. It's really just too early for us, for one. Secondly is, on the last call, I went through a number of the unknowns, if you will, around where that lands. Implementation, I think, is better known now than, certainly, it was the time of our last call. But what they spend on sales and marketing and the ultimate conversion of the websites are still an unknown for us. So we have no updates. Our full year guidance does include our expectations for Travelocity. Our next year guidance will include our expectations for Travelocity. And with the exception of some incremental disclosures that we'll make, similar to what we did this quarter around the impact on some operating metrics to help the investment community and our shareholders understand what's happening with the core business, we don't plan to give specific disclosures around Travelocity, similar to the way we treat our own owned main brands. With respect to our full year guidance, listen, all I'd say is that Q1 is a relatively tiny quarter for us, particularly on an adjusted EBITDA and net income level. And so a slight beat versus our expectations results in a de minimus change to our full year outlook. And certainly, we, at this point, are not -- have not changed our outlook on the business and our guidance remains the same.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Two questions, please. I want to follow up on Doug's question. And maybe there was some commentary or controversy intraquarter about Google and hotel product finder. Can you just comment a little bit more on whether you think there's any of the things that Google is doing, like hotel product finder is changing the economics -- unit economics for online travel agencies? And then secondly, can you talk big picture about alternative accommodations? And I know you've got a -- you've been working on an implementation with Home Away. Your thoughts on -- if they've changed at all, on how interesting that market could be to Expedia over the next 3 to 5 years?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks. As far as Google's hotel product finder, listen, they are -- Google is constantly testing and learning, and they are making all kinds of changes now. Obviously, because of the market share that they have, any changes that they make can have significant downstream effects on partners of theirs, such as ourselves. I'd say the greatest worry that we have with Google in general is not specific to hotel product finder, but it's in general, with the amount of space that they give to other third-party sites, such as ourselves, both on paid and unpaid basis, relative to the amount of space that they give internally. And in markets where they're dominant, which are many markets, this can be a real issue for any one -- any website that really wants to have any kind of share on the Web. That said, we have a partnership with them. We build our partnership with them. They are -- and as they make changes, we adjust. And because of the status of our technology, et cetera, we're able to adjust that faster. So this quarter, we haven't seen anything material that changes our trends overall that we haven't talked to you about previously. As far as alternative accommodations go, we're early in the partnership with Home Away. We're very hopeful in the partnership with Home Away. And right now, we're working collaboratively to optimize the pilot going forward. There's some technology work that they have to do and we have to do in order to essentially connect more of their hotels into our system. Right now, there's a minority of their hotels that -- not hotels, properties that are bookable that we can book through Expedia. And the work that's being done, both by their teams and our teams, is to essentially wire up more of their properties. As we wire up more of those properties, I think we'll have a better sense as to how big alternative accommodations can be. But at this point, we're optimistic.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ron Josey with JMP Securities.
Ronald V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: So Mark, I just want to follow up. I think you said one quarter -- first quarter results are better than you all had expected, both on revenue and expenses. And on the revenue side, I was just curious, was the better-than-expected due to Travelocity, or just a better overall travel environment? And then a quick follow-up.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Yes, I would just say broadly across the board, we saw strength in the business. I think Travelocity is, as you probably gathered from our remarks, pretty tough for us to forecast. So that was a bit of it. But broadly, the business has performed a little bit better than our expectations. Brand Expedia we knew was comping over -- starting to lap over the launch of the package product, and that continued to grow at healthy rates, notwithstanding the tougher comp. So it was broadly felt. With respect to the overall travel environment, it's hard for us to perceive the overall macro trends, just given the fact that we operate in a segment of the market which is growing faster than the overall market, and we think that we're taking share in that segment. But broadly, from what we see and read, which is similar to what you can get access to, the travel market remains pretty healthy: healthy in the U.S.; Europe continues to be, I would say stable to improving; APAC and Latin America are mixed bag. But broadly, we'd say it's a healthy travel environment.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And I guess, Ron, putting it the other way. When you look at last year, we had some pretty difficult headwinds with Hotels.com and Hotwire. There were negative surprises that we had to scramble to recover from. And I think in the second half of the year, we recovered from them pretty effectively. And so far, this quarter has been a pretty boring quarter as far as surprises go, which we're quite happy about. And if the trends continue on a go-forward basis, I think we're set up for a pretty good year. I think that we're going to see lots of competition on the brand marketing side, especially for the summer booking season. So we're certainly prepared for that. But so far, so good. But it's just 1 quarter and we have a long year ahead of us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Millman with Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Following up on, I guess, the Home Away. Are you seeing any pushback from either hotels and/or regulators regarding that business? And secondly, you put out, or at least Expedia put out a survey for what's expected at Memorial Day, air up 5%. I was just wondering if you could also give us what you expect European rooms to be up and what you expect rental car prices to be up in U.S. and Europe. And related, what -- are you seeing any changes in rental car availability in the U.S. in -- for the second quarter?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Absolutely. So as far as Home Away goes, we haven't seen any pushback from our hotel partners or regulators. I know that there's been a significant amount of controversy around Airbnb and regulators there. I think Home Away has been in business for a much longer time. And from at least what I'm aware of and what we're aware of, has their regulatory marks right on target and isn't seeing any significant push one way or the other. So for now, we're quite happy with the partnership and we hope to build that partnership. We think that complementing our hotel inventory with a vacation rental inventory is only going to be good for consumers. And that's really our goal, is when a consumer searches for Orlando, to give them the most complete set of listings possible. And we think Home Away adds to that and adds to the consumer experience. As far as our -- the surveys, et cetera, those surveys are largely consumer-oriented in order to get kind of consumers looking and booking for travel. As it relates to earnings and financial performances, we typically don't make those predictions. So the general prediction or general observation that I would make is that the travel business, on a global basis, there are ups and downs, obviously. Locally, the travel business has recovered nicely. Most of the airlines that are reporting, the hoteliers that are reporting, the car rental companies that are reporting, are doing well, and we are doing well with them in partnership with them. As far as car goes, in general, we're seeing our car trends improve on a year-on-year basis, kind of Q1 was better than Q4. And we are seeing the suppliers try to up prices a little bit on the car side and with some success. And in general, we're seeing pretty good trends on the car side, at least as it relates to our brand scope.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: When you say pretty good, it means good demand, lots of availability?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I'd say good demand, good availability, good transaction trends.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray.
Andrew D. Connor - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: This is Andrew Connor on for Mike. Dara, I know you guys have had a lot of success with mobile. Your rankings in the App Store are very good. Are you guys able to give like a mobile bookings penetration number? And then I had just a quick follow-up.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. In general, as far as our mobile penetration goes, for the brands who are active in mobile, we have in excess of 20% of our transactions on mobile. Hotwire is actually trending up very, very significantly, over 30%. So I'd say the penetration numbers and the trend numbers in mobile are good across the board and are improving across the board. We're very, very happy with the quality of our apps. We continue to drive app downloads aggressively. And we're interested in driving our mobile app business, as well as our mobile Web business, on a global basis. And so far, mobile has been a very nice tailwind for us.
Andrew D. Connor - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: And have you guys seen the behavior sort of shift toward longer lead times?
Dara Khosrowshahi: At this point, mobile still continues to be largely a last-minute type of activity -- not all last-minute, but last-minute is a very significant part of our mobile activity, continues to be. Tablet looks a lot like the PC. So tablet is certainly not last-minute, but the handset continues to be fairly last-minute focused.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Brian Nowak with SIG.
Brian Nowak - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I've got 2 questions. First one, Dara, I know in the past, you've talked about Hotwire stabilizing this year. It sounds like there's still a little bit of work to do in Hotwire. Can you just give us an update on how to think about Hotwire for the year? And when you say stable, do you mean flat or is there still more work to do to kind of keep that booking or revenue trajectory from declining this year?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Yes, Brian, I'll take that one. Hotwire essentially experienced, through Q1 and through Q2 of last year, what we would call a reset. It was a reset towards the new reality of the car industry that's more consolidated, new competitive reality with a large competitor introducing a comparable product. Since that reset, if you will, the business has stabilized and they are working towards implementing the strategy that we think is very sound. And you can see it with some of the mobile numbers that Dara shared with you. But it still faces difficult year-on-year comps until Q3. So it was down in -- it was down last quarter. It was down year-on-year this quarter. We would expect to see something similar, but easing in the second quarter. And then things will start to look a little bit better on Q3 and Q4. And on a full year basis, what we've said is we're not counting on Hotwire to contribute to our EBITDA growth story.
Brian Nowak - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Got it. And then the one other one I had is any help on how much of the sales and marketing growth came from the Travelocity WebShare payment?
Mark D. Okerstrom: We haven't disclosed that. But the bulk of the sales and marketing growth continues to come from our core businesses, plus trivago. trivago, again, you've seen and we've disclosed on an inorganic basis, they added about 800 basis points to our sales and marketing growth. So that was a big driver. Travelocity was a factor, but then our core businesses, Brand Expedia and Hotels.com, on their new technology platforms, are spending aggressively, really funded by the discipline we've got around our overall cost base.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Kopelman with Cowen and Company.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Just a follow-up on Travelocity. You mentioned that it contributed 3% to room night. Given that's the first quarter, how fully ramped is that? I know you're just rolling out in Canada now. Should we expect that contribution to be similar next quarter?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Yes, the hotel path was live for the majority of the first quarter. We implemented that through the end of the fourth quarter. There was some optimization in the first quarter. That's going to continue, actually, throughout the year. So it is hard for me to -- yes, it's hard for me to know for sure whether that's a good proxy. I would call your attention, though, to the fact that in a ramping business, we do see a disproportionate impact on gross bookings than we do on the revenue or stayed room nights, which is the room nights we report. And therefore, the 3%, possibly, could be on the lower side, again, to the extent we're able to have [ph] those stays, and they will happen over the course of subsequent quarters.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Great. And then on advertising expense, you talked about competition in brand advertising. Can you give us any more color on how you're thinking about advertising expense growth for the rest of the year?
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as our advertising expense growth, I think what you will see is pretty similar to what you really saw last year and the last couple of quarters. From a timing perspective in Q1, typically, we spend up very aggressively and some of the revenue comes in Q2. And this year, it will be, call it, augmented by Easter and the timing of Easter. But in general, all of our brands are aggressively marketing in the variable channels. We're growing our brand marketing as well. The variable channels, in general, are less efficient than the other direct channels. So we do expect to continue to see sales and marketing growth higher than revenue, especially with trivago being part of the family. All that sales and marketing activity, we think, is net profitable overall. And we have also talked about the financial model, where we use the leverage of our fixed costs, et cetera, to be able to deliver profit growth, even as we're aggressively investing in sales and marketing. So that formula continues, at least for the first quarter of the year. And hopefully, it's something that we can deliver for you for the foreseeable future.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the conference back to Alan Pickerill for closing remarks.
Alan Pickerill: Okay, yes. Thanks, everybody, for your interest in Expedia and for joining us on the call today. A replay will be up on the IR site shortly. Dara, any closing remarks?
Dara Khosrowshahi: No, just thanks, everyone, for joining. And thank you to the Expedia Inc. employees for a good start to the year, and we've got lots of work ahead of us, but looking forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Expedia Q1 2014 Earnings Call. Thank you very much for your participation. And at this time, you may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-06 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Alan Pickerill Dara Khosrowshahi - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Mark D. Okerstrom - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Corporate Development
Analysts: Thomas C. White - Macquarie Research Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division Eric James Sheridan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Dean Prissman - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Kenneth Sena - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Brian Nowak - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Ronald V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Brian Patrick Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Paul Judd Bieber - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Expedia, Inc. Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded today, Thursday, February 6, 2014. And I would now like to turn the conference over to Alan Pickerill, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Alan Pickerill: Thanks, Britney. Good afternoon and welcome to Expedia, Inc.'s financial results conference call for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2013. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, Expedia's CEO and President; and Mark Okerstrom, our CFO. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, February 6, 2014, only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate or similar statements. Please refer to today's earnings release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You'll find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the company's IR website at expediainc.com/ir. I encourage you to periodically visit our Investor Relations site for important content, including today's earnings release. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense and technology and content expense exclude stock-based compensation. And all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2012. With that, let me turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Alan, and hi, everyone. I'm actually joining you from Geneva, Switzerland, which is the headquarters of our global lodging group. So if you hear a little discontinuity between me and the team, it's because I am offsite. Talking about 2013. We expected 2013 to be a year of heightened competition. And while we encountered our share of challenges, I'm happy to say that our teams responded well. As a result of their efforts, we finished the year with positive momentum in both the top and bottom lines, and feel good about our overall competitive position. From a brand and geographic perspective, we're happy with the Q4 results pretty much across-the-board, with most of our major brands and all major regions showing healthy revenue growth. The lion's share of the revenue growth in the fourth quarter came from Brand Expedia, trivago and Hotels.com, but other brands like Expedia Affiliate Network, Egencia and eLong contributed as well. The environment for Hotwire remains challenging but the teams seems to have found its footing and we believe that they can deliver stable results in 2014 while setting the foundation for long-term growth. From a product perspective, we were pleased with 25% room night growth, accelerating from the 20% we posted in the prior quarter. In addition, although it's a much smaller component, we saw improved volume trends in our air business as we invested in and continue to improve that product. Our teams have worked very hard on the implementation of the Travelocity agreement that we announced in the third quarter, and our progress so far has been strong. We began to ramp traffic on the U.S. hotel path in Q4, subsequently ramping the air path and now packages. The vast majority of Travelocity U.S.'s traffic is now on Brand Expedia technology and early performance indicators are as expected. We'll continue ramping additional products and traffic, as well as the Canadian website, and expect to complete the full implementation within the first half of the year. We view this as a strong testament to our technology and our teams, and a great example of how we can drive additional returns on the investments that we made over the last several years. We're also pleased with the progress that trivago is making as it continues to expand globally, with revenue growth over 85% for the full year. As I mentioned last quarter, we expect the formula for trivago to remain the same in 2014; boost seat selling and marketing investments in the first half of the year as we head into the peak travel shopping season, and profits delivered in the back half of the year. Notably, we do expect trivago's revenue growth rate to slow down as the business scales. Operationally, trivago's seeing strong results in mobile web, exiting the fourth quarter with over 30% of its leads on mobile devices. In closing, although the environment remains intensely competitive and will likely continue to present us with challenges, we remain confident in our competitive position as a leader in the global online travel space. The worldwide travel market is vast and spend continues to move online, now boosted by mobile adoption, especially in developing economies. Our core travel transactional brands, Expedia and Hotels.com, are growing nicely, with great teams executing effectively and advanced technology platforms in place that are delivering innovation at a faster pace than ever. And we continue to execute effectively and invest aggressively in trivago, eLong and Egencia, big long-term growth engines that we believe can meaningfully drive value. All in, we believe that we're building a business that can have strong top and bottom-line growth over a number of years, which when combined with smart capital allocation, can build real long-term value for our shareholders, employees and partners. Mark?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Thanks, Dara. Strong performance in our hotel business, along with growth in advertising and media revenue, drove nice results for the fourth quarter. Room night growth accelerated to 25% year-on-year on a difficult comp. Recall that the 33% growth posted in the fourth quarter of 2012 was a record for the company, the negative impact from Superstorm Sandy notwithstanding. Domestic room nights were up 18%, and international room nights grew 31%, both nicely faster than third quarter growth rates. Hotel room nights in Europe grew faster than the growth rates for the last couple of quarters, and though a significant opportunity remains for us in this important region, we are pleased with our progress recently. Room night growth was partially offset by a decline in revenue per room night of 9%, a trend driven by the same host of key factors that we've seen for a while and which, in aggregate, we expect will continue through 2014. We now have approximately 45,000 hotels signed up for the Expedia Traveler Preference program, with the vast majority of them live and in production. In 2014, ETP will ship from its initial rollout or project phase to business as usual, and just another key part of how we do business around the world. Suppliers who have adopted ETP continue to see an improvement in room night growth of as much as 10 percentage points or more compared to the period just before they went live. We anticipate that in the ordinary course of business, we'll sign up additional hotel partners on the ETP program as we move through the year. Remember that ETP drives both merchant and agency room nights. And for reference, excluding eLong, agency room nights represented over 15% of our global room nights in the fourth quarter and grew in excess of 100% year-over-year. Air revenue grew 17% with solid growth in both domestic and international markets. Brand Expedia drove overall ticket volume growth of 13%. Regarding advertising and media revenue, Dara mentioned the revenue growth that we're seeing from trivago and we're pleased with these results. While we're primarily focused on trivago's global expansion and top line growth, we're happy that they delivered healthy adjusted EBITDA for the year, broadly in line with our expectations. Additionally, Expedia Media Solutions, which is responsible for the ad and media revenue for our global OTA brands, continued to perform well and drove strong revenue growth in the fourth quarter. From an overall P&L perspective, we are pleased to deliver a Q4 largely in line with the target P&L that we laid out 2 years ago at the time of the TripAdvisor spin. Healthy top line growth, leveraged across cost of revenue and G&A, tech and content expenses growing in line with, to slightly slower, than revenue and de-leverage in selling and marketing as we aggressively push our overall global growth plans. To be clear, due to the seasonality of our business and discrete decisions to make incremental investments or to shift the timing of planned spend from time-to-time, it is unlikely that every quarter will take this shape. Turning now to key expense items for the fourth quarter. Cost of revenue grew slower than revenue, with growth in credit card processing costs, including fraud and chargebacks, partially offset by strong efficiency gains accruing from our global customer operations platform. Selling and marketing grew faster than revenue, largely as a result of the addition of trivago and our aggressive global expansion efforts. trivago added approximately 6 percentage points of growth to our selling and marketing expense in Q4. Tech and content expenses grew 15% in the fourth quarter, continuing the trend begun in the third quarter where this expense line grew slower than revenue. And G&A expenses were down slightly year-over-year as we pushed for overall cost efficiency in our business and benefited from some easier comps in legal fees and in bonuses. Taken together, these factors help drive robust adjusted EBITDA growth of 31%. We continue to drive incremental shareholder value through capital allocation decisions, and for full year 2013 we deployed over $1.1 billion towards a combination of acquisitions, our dividend and share repurchases, including the 9.3 million shares we repurchased over the course of the year for an average price of $55.59. It is also worth noting that since our Q3 conference call, we repurchased almost 2 million shares, a portion of which occurred in 2014. Turning now to our financial expectations for 2014. We are expecting full year adjusted EBITDA to grow in the range of 13% to 16%. In terms of how the year is likely to play out, we expect adjusted EBITDA to be down year-over-year in the first quarter and for the vast majority of total adjusted EBITDA dollar growth to come in the back half of the year. On that note, I would like to highlight a few important points to consider as you reshape your models for 2014. Easter will be much later in 2014 than it was in 2013, which will push some revenue and profitability into the second quarter. Early in the year, especially in the first quarter, we expect significant growth in selling and marketing expenses for both eLong and trivago. The trivago acquisition closed in early March of 2013, creating a difficult expense comp in Q1 2014, especially with the steep first half investment profile highlighted earlier. The pressure on revenue per room night that we have seen for some time will continue in 2014, with some risk to the downside as we continue to focus on growth and share over unit economics. Remember, that one of the drivers of the pressure on revenue per room night was the rollout of the Expedia Traveler Preference program which ramped as we move through 2013. Lastly, I would remind you that our business is very seasonal and a significant portion of our cost of revenue and direct selling and marketing expenses are incurred ahead of, or in conjunction, with our gross bookings, while the revenue is recognized later when the travel occurs. The result of this dynamic is that in a growing business, profit growth will generally skew towards the second half of the year where the distribution of annual revenue is greater than the distribution of these annual variable costs. Lastly, I would note that we expect our full year effective tax rate to be around 25% for 2014. With that, let's move to Q&A. Operator, will you please remind participants how to queue up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from line of Tom White with Macquarie.
Thomas C. White - Macquarie Research: On the room night growth re-acceleration, I was hoping maybe you could just parse out a little bit about how some of your various channels performed? It seemed like your visibility on some of the big metasearch properties was up quarter-over-quarter. Curious how that performed relative to, say, your direct navigation traffic in some of your other channels. And then just quickly on hotel count, it seemed to be picking up again. Is that sort of a function of the lowered commissions that you guys highlighted over the past couple of months? Or is it maybe a change in the way that salespeople are attacking the market?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Tom, thanks for the question. As far as our channel performance and the improvement in room night growth Q4 versus Q3, it was pretty strong across-the-board. So most of the channels that were performing in Q3 performed in Q4. The direct channels performed a bit better in general, and also, the meta-channels continue to improve. As you remember, we told you in Q2 that we thought that our performance in meta, left something to be desired. And in Q3, we improved and we saw a better Trip. Our spend on TripAdvisor in Q4 would be up on a year-on-year basis, and it was. So I think we're getting into a better operational rhythm here. We like our channel performance pretty broadly and, obviously, we are hoping that we can take the momentum that we built into Q4 and continue into the balance of the year. But the performance has been pretty broad and pretty good and we hope that it will continue. As far as the hotel count goes, it's the increase of a combination of factors. One is that in China, in eLong, we are on an aggressive hotel acquisition path. And when you look at the EI brands as well, we are a bit more aggressive on the hotel acquisition path as we're seeing strength on the room night production. So what you want to do is add hotels as you're adding room nights, because you don't want to spread out your demand too thinly across hoteliers. We're pretty confident as far as our room night growth goes, and as a result, we are picking up acquisition. And I would expect, unless things change significantly, that I would expect for acquisition pace for hotels, both in China and the rest of the world, to pick up as we enter into 2014. It's a pretty important part of our formula.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Naved Khan with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Just on the Travelocity rollout. Can you guys sort of talk about the contribution to revenues and maybe room night growth in Q4 from this relationship? And then I have a follow-up.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. Yes, I would say the contribution is nothing meaningful. We ramped it up towards the back part of the quarter and it didn't have a significant impact on our results at all. Did you have another question?
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: I do, actually. So on TripAdvisor, it seems like your performance has been improving. Do you think you're at sort of at a stable state or do you more room improvement from here?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Well, it's very difficult to tell. Our performance on TripAdvisor is a function of our own performance, but it's also a function of the competitive environment, how aggressive other players are in the TripAdvisor marketplace, as well as TripAdvisor's growth, in general. So when we look forward to 2014, we definitely want to ride the TripAdvisor wave. They're a very big partner. They have been growing traffic pretty consistently over a long period of time. So we will look to keep or build our share. But I think the most meaningful growth over the long-term for us with TripAdvisor is going to be TripAdvisor and our working with them to keep our share, and grow with them as they grow internationally.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan with UBS.
Eric James Sheridan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Two questions, one on ETP. Maybe we could drill down a little bit on how broadly deployed it is now and what you think that means as a tailwind for opportunity on revenue and bookings as we move from 2013 into 2014 and beyond? And then the second question, for Dara, given all the choices you have in front of you around capital allocation, whether it be reinvesting back in the business, return capital to shareholders, possible M&A, maybe you could just help us understand a little bit better about how you look at those choices, again, for sort of 2014 and beyond?
Dara Khosrowshahi: So why don't I take the first -- actually, the second question, and Mark can talk a bit about ETP. As far as capital allocation goes, I would tell you that history should be a guide as to what we do going forward, which is we're opportunistic. And we will look to allocate capital based on our anticipated long-term returns. And you're not going to get kind of consistency from us on a quarter-on-quarter basis. We are going to look through -- to grow through acquisition. We've done that in the past. We'll be opportunistic on the acquisition front. And then we will look to consistently pay dividends over a long period of time, and over long period of time, we'll hopefully look to increase those dividends to the extent that the company can pay those dividends, and we certainly think it can because of the free cash flow nature of the company. And then on an opportunistic basis, we'll buy back stock. We've certainly been aggressive and opportunistic as the market took a negative turn, gone up in the middle of the year. And over a long period of time, we think that the business has the kind of free cash flow where we can hopefully shrink the capital base. So there's no reason why things are going to change, but we'll look to allocate capital every day based on the best value for that next dollar spend. Mark, you want to talk bit about ETP?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So ETP is rolled out across just about 45,000 hotels. Most of those are live and up and running. We're happy with the performance that we saw in 2013 and, importantly, the hotels that have signed up are generally very happy with our performance and are really seeing better performance in our channel versus their peers that aren't signed up. Listen, in terms of go-forward impact on our overall business, I'd make a couple of points: One is that what we've essentially done is removed a few barriers from the growth of our business. Barriers, whereby, hotels who didn't want to be part of the merchant model found it difficult to do business with us without the agency model. Those barriers are gone. And consumers that wanted to do business via the agency model in markets where we didn't offer that, wouldn't do business with us historically and, now, they can. So we view that, certainly, as a very positive catalyst for our business. Going forward, it's going to be really difficult to really discern the specific impact of the Expedia Traveler Preference program versus all of the other great innovations that we're making and the strides we're making in building world-class online marketing capabilities. I would say, though, that going forward, because ETP is business as usual, because we have spent a lot of effort in 2013, a lot of the resources of our market management team, which just does a fantastic job around the world on converting existing hotels, with a lot of that work behind us, the focus for 2014 is going to be around redeploying those resources towards acquiring new hotels and making sure that we really got the best prices and availability across our new hotels and our existing hotels. And we think that could be a great catalyst for the business, in addition to, again, just having these barriers removed for both supplier and consumer adoption to our platform.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Douglas Anmuth with JP Morgan.
Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I just wanted to ask 2 things. There have been some recent reports [indiscernible] some national search visibility on Google. I was just hoping that you could comment on that. And then secondly, just within your -- the '14 EBITDA outlook, can you comment on what you're expecting from Travelocity? I think you said $42 million to $60 million previously?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, as far as Google goes, look, listen, we're not going to comment on speculative articles about our Google trends. What I'll tell you in general is that our traffic from Google, both on a paid and an organic basis, continues to increase on a year-on-year basis. We look at all of our practices in Google, our SEM practices. We make sure that the content on from our side is great, our SEO practices, et cetera, and we're constantly auditing them and making sure that our practices are industry-leading. So really, that's the only comment I'll make. Google's a big partner. We continue to grow with them. And from a long-term basis, we look to continue to grow with them going forward. Mark, you want to answer the second question?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So we're not going to, on this call, or really going forward, break out specifically what Travelocity adds to our business, just like we don't give specifics on other large affiliates that we have sitting on the platform. I will just reiterate a couple of things for you, though, which were true on the last call and they're true on this call. We are expecting run rate adjusted EBITDA from this program to deliver in the range of $40 million to $65 million. Again, that's full year run rate, once we've got everything up and running and, essentially, optimized. The other thing I would say is that when you look at public disclosures around the Travelocity business made by Sabre or other public sources, generally that includes the Travelocity-branded business in the U.S. and Canada, which is part of this deal. But also generally includes their last-minute business and the Travelocity partner network business that is not part of this deal. So I would just encourage you to make sure we just think about the overall size of the business that's actually in scope. Third thing I would say is that the -- there are a number of unknowns that still remain with this transaction. We highlighted a few on the last call, and those were essentially the timing it would take to implement. On that, we feel reasonably good and things are on-track and we're pleased with the progress. Secondly is, we just don't know how well these websites will convert, and really, how well the Travelocity consumer will take to something that looks different from what they have seen before. And again, on that front, it's just too early to tell. And then thirdly, we are entirely dependent upon the marketing spend that the Travelocity team puts against this new platform. It's something that's outside of our control. It's something that we just don't have a track record on yet to assess against. And so again, there's a whole lot of uncertainty around that. The other thing I would note is that there have been some disclosures around the incentive payment that is payable on us hitting certain milestones per implementation. I would say we feel good about the prospects of us earning into those incentive payments. But the accounting treatment of those incentive payments are such that their recognized over the life of the contract, which is over 8 years. So I would not expect a significant windfall as a result of those incentive payments should we be able to earn into those. Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Wonder if you could talk, please, about alternative accommodations and your efforts at maybe building that out as a larger market opportunity for Expedia in the future. I think you've been working -- started to begin a little bit of work with 1 or 2 of the major providers in that space. Any color on that? How exciting you think? Or how material you think that opportunity could be, long term, for the business?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Mark, I think it's too soon to tell. We're very optimistic about our partnership with Home Away. And really, we are in the early stage of the testing and learning, understanding whether and how our consumers are interested in alternative accommodations, what percentage of them click through and then what percentage of them convert into alternative accommodations, and how that affects our overall conversion rates. So we're pretty early into this experiment. We're just starting to gather some data. Home Away is a terrific partner. And to the extent that we see interest from the consumer, we will expand it. We certainly think that it can be a good thing for the Expedia or Hotels.com or other brands for us to expand the scope of accommodations that we have. But it's really too soon to call. I think we will have better data towards the second half of the year and then based on that data, we'll decide whether this is an area that we are going to invest in or not. I would say that, in general, we do want to broaden our supply base on the lodging side. Our greatest focus, obviously, is going to be on the basics and adding significant numbers of hotels that we don't have in the Expedia and Hotels.com and EAN marketplaces, and then we'll look to also add alternative accommodations to the extent that our consumers are interested. And the good news is we can test and learn, and based on the data that we find out, we can either move forward or we can slow down.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dean Prissman with Crdit Suisse.
Dean Prissman - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So I think it's been a couple of quarters since you migrated to the new vacation package platform. Any color there you can share in terms of the degree to which you're contemplating a re-acceleration from this revenue stream within your EBITDA guidance?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I think on the vacation package side, we are actually seeing very nice revenue acceleration on the vacation package side. When you look at the package business, there are headwinds and tailwinds to the business. In general, because vacation packages tend to be an opaque kind of a product, as the economy gets better, it becomes a bit more of a challenge to acquire package inventory at a discount to retail, especially at significant discounts to retail. So that's a headwind, I'd say, that the supply teams, in general, are fighting. There are significant tailwinds, and that the package business is an enormous business, especially in Europe, especially beach destinations in Europe where our penetration is very, very low. So we think that there's a lot that we can do to increase our vacation package business. Our re-platforming has definitely worked. This is a business that has been flattish to down for a number of years, and it's absolutely turned positive. And it's a function of a better product, it's a function of the supply groups acquiring better inventory, both on the lodging side and on the lift side, especially in Europe going to beach destinations. There's a lot of optimizations that we can do around this product, including dynamic pricing, et cetera. It's a unique differentiator for the Expedia brand, and we think it's a long-term growth vehicle for us. So we're looking forward to the product developing over a period of time. But again, a recovery is a little bit of a headwind on the supply side, but we think we're certainly up for it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Sena with Evercore.
Kenneth Sena - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: So our agency discussions are suggesting that travel is starting to come up in -- or starting to step into social and programmatic and some of the emergent display areas in a bigger way. So I was just wondering if that's the case for Expedia, and if you can maybe comment on any top line contribution or margin -- or marketing leverage that you might have seen in the quarter from that effort?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Ken. We're certainly experimenting with these alternative, call it, display in advertising platforms. We were always looking to diversify our traffic sources. We're always looking to diversify our marketing spend. At this point, the spend, the traffic and the transactions aren't of a material nature but we're working quite aggressively with a number of players, including Facebook, who's very, very innovative in this area, and we're hoping to increase our spend over a period of time. At this point, it's not a material spend or material in the overall context. I'd love it to be.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Brian Nowak with Susquehanna.
Brian Nowak - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Dara, you mentioned that Europe grew faster in this quarter than the prior few quarters. I was wondering if you could talk a bit, what drove that? I mean, is that trivago traffic that you're gaining, or is it better paid search or something else? And given these improving trends, does the '14 guidance assume the European business actually accelerates throughout 2014 as the compares get easier?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Brian, on the European side, again, the strength was pretty broad. So metasearch definitely worked in Europe. trivago is a very fast-growing channel for us, chiefly because trivago is just growing in very, very fast speeds and the trivago brand is a really powerful brand in Europe. So we're certainly taking advantage of trivago growth there. TripAdvisor numbers improved for us which helped us both in the U.S. and Europe as well. So there's a lot of things that we're doing to improve the business and when we make platform improvements, as we are now on conversion on marketing, they typically work across geographies. So our European growth has been pretty broad across different brands, and across channels and we're hoping that it continues. Mark, you want to talk about '14 guidance to the extent that we want to give any details?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Yes, I mean, I would say that our guidance reflects, essentially, our view of the business right now just given all of the trends we're seeing. We're not expecting extraordinary things out of Europe, but we are expecting continued strength in that region. I would also just add that the Expedia Traveler Preference program, in addition to the things that Dara mentioned, does generally have a disproportionate benefit in Europe. Those consumers are more interested in the agency product generally than consumers in North America. And so that's looking to be a nice tailwind for us, and we do expect that to continue through 2014. But I wouldn't, again, assume that there is a huge amount of acceleration. I would just expect continued stable health to that business going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Ron Josey with JMP Securities.
Ronald V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: So wanted to ask about domestically, bookings grew 19%. Certainly, very strong accelerating. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the competitive environment domestically? Perhaps highlight what channels worked well. I know you've talked about TripAdvisor. And then also, if you could highlight just progress at Hotwire. I know it stabilized in 3Q.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Absolutely. I feel like a broken record in that domestically, the strength was pretty broad. The pay channels worked well, the metasearch channels worked well and our direct channels worked well and you saw the results in the bookings acceleration. One additional feature of our bookings growth is that the air business is starting to work. And historically, air ticket volume, other than Egencia, for a couple of years, was flat to down. And with the really good work that the teams are doing on the air side and on the package side, we're seeing air ticket volume increase as well. And that has certainly helped our domestic bookings growth. So it's a good hotel story and it's good air story. And along with that, we've seen a pretty consistent ADR growth and pretty consistent ATP growth. As far as Hotwire goes, the progress that we've seen is that the business has stabilized. I think the team has a good handle on the business. We believe that there are some dials that we can turn on the business. We think that we can improve our mobile product pretty significantly, and we think we've got a significant opportunity there. And we think that car can be a grower over a period of time, both through Hotwire and through our car rentals business as well. So at Hotwire, we're really looking for stability in 2014. We're looking for solid execution from the team. And Q4 has been certainly a step in the right direction that we hope to see more in 2014 and beyond.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Millman with Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: So following up on your car rental comment, I was wondering if you can give some more details regarding what you're seeing or what you saw in prices, in mix, the impact of Firefly and Payless and those discount brands and general availability? And then I had a question on what you're seeing on your new flight data and Scratchpad, the impact that, that's showing?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. Thanks, Michael. As far as cars go, I'd say the trends are stable to good to improving on the -- both as far as unit growth. Now we do have some upside from the Hurricane Sandy comp last year, but I'd say the unit trends are good. The pricing trends are fairly stable, and supply improvements, in general, helped a bit, too. We've expanded our supply a little bit in Q4 and we hope to continue on a go-forward basis. So I'd say in general, moderately positive trends coming out of the car business and we hope to continue that into 2014. So we haven't seen really significant changes there. On the Scratchpad product, we're really excited about that Scratchpad product. We're seeing very high levels of production and engagement from the folks who interact with our Scratchpad product. So when they work with Scratchpad, they come back to the site much more often, frequency increases. And in general, with higher frequency, we get stronger buying behavior. We're very early in the test and learn on Scratchpad. This is the first generation. So, we think it's a product that is great for consumers and it's a product that has a whole lot of potential and a product that we want to work into many different parts of our site, including our mobile experience. So we're looking forward to really developing the Scratchpad product. It's a promising start.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies & Co.
Brian Patrick Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: A couple of quick ones. You mentioned 30% of leads are on mobile. Qualitatively, are you seeing anything unique with respect to the dynamics around conversion rates there? Are they improving? Are you finding people are both sourcing and doing discovery there but then they're converting there also? And then quickly, any impact from the weather in the quarter at the margin banks?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, as far as the mobile goes, I'd say qualitatively, we don't want to specifically comment on conversion. But as a lead generator, in general, mobile monetizes at lower rates than desktop. But other than that, it's a significant growth driver. It's -- and growing very nicely for trivago. Our brands, in general, are investing aggressively in the mobile channel. In downloads, we got over 90 million app downloads. So I think the mobile trends continue as they are. And we think it's a big opportunity and we'll continue investing into that opportunity. As far as the weather goes, no significant impact at this point. Remember, last Q4, we did have Hurricane Sandy. We've had some bad weather in January, obviously. But you have bad weather sometimes, and with the global business you tend to be able to work your way through it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Pope with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Paul Judd Bieber - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is Paul Bieber for Justin. I was just hoping you could provide some qualitative color on the biggest drivers of the room night growth acceleration? Is it conversion rates, is it mobile, is it ETP, a little bit of everything? And then secondly, I was hoping you could characterize just the European and Asian demand environments?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, Paul, it's -- it really is a little bit of everything. Our -- and usually, conversion, which has been generally positive for Hotels.com and Expedia over a period of time, higher conversion allows you to invest more aggressively in marketing channels, especially variable marketing channels, which then, obviously, leads to more traffic, which leads to more transactions. So we have that flywheel, so to speak, working at some of our major brands. And it's really about executing on that flywheel and then adding to your supply base and making sure that your supplies have high quality, your availability is strong and you're adding to your supply base. So we're just really focused in on the base execution of the formula and it is a little bit of everything, it's not one particular channel. It's not one particular geography or it's not just conversion-led or traffic-led. It's a combination of all of those factors. As far as the demand environment, I think general macro trends are stable as far as we can see in. Despite the uncertain economic environment and the GDP numbers that you read about, travel spend, on a year-on-year basis, on a global basis, was up 5% on a year-on-year basis. Overall travel spend in the U.S. and in Europe was up above that of GDP. Travel spend in emerging economies continues to be strong. So travel tends -- what we're seeing with travel is it seems to be immune to some of the variability that we've seen in the overall economies. And we're certainly hoping that, that continues. And for us, we're riding the wave of travel growth and then on top of that, we've got online penetration and mobile penetration. So as long as we keep executing as a team, I think we can do quite well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Sandler with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just 2 quick questions. First, on mobile. Just wanted to hear your thoughts on Google and Trip smartphone booking apps. Are you likely to participate in that channel and how do you think these unit economics will look compared to your other channels? And then Mark, guidance, so if we strip out Travelocity -- I know it's kind of a wide range. You're probably looking at like 10% to 12% organic growth with a base business which has like the Hotwire, the 2Q comp, in '14. So is that the right way to think about longer-term organic growth, or is there any reason why it could potentially be higher than what you laid out?
Dara Khosrowshahi: So I think on the mobile side, I don't want to specifically comment on how we're going to work with various players there. There's -- I think there's going to be a lot of testing and learning. We're testing and learning different booking paths. Our partners are going to be testing different booking paths, and we're going to be working with them. And in general, our goal is pretty simple, to build the best experience for consumers and provide great coverage and volume growth for our supply partners. So I think you'll see plenty of experimentation going forward, and all we're looking to do is improve the product in every single channel. In general, the mobile channel monetizes at a lower rate than desktop channels. A big part of that is because the average number of nights for a mobile booking is significantly lower than a desktop booking. As you might expect, the mobile booking tends to be last-minute and is often for a single night. And that's very different from desktop kind of vacation planning, which can be for a number of days or for a week. So that's just the fact with mobile. And what we look to do on mobile is to invest based on ROI guidelines and based on lifetime value. And what we're continually looking to do is to build conversion and find new sources of traffic with all of our partners, including Google, including TripAdvisor, including a lot of other players out there. But our approach is going to change based on significant experimentation going forward. Mark, you want to talk about guidance?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Yes, sure. So Ross, I don't want to try to get into the game as for long-term sustainable growth rates. But let me just highlight a few specific things and then just reiterate how we're thinking about this business. First, very specifically, around Q2, I would just urge you guys to take a look at our commentary on Q2 where we said that, with the exception of some incremental investments that we said that we made against trivago and eLong, from a bottom line perspective, the quarter came in broadly in line with our expectations. So when we look at it from an adjusted EBITDA perspective, we actually don't view Q2 as a particularly easy comp. We pulled a number of levers during the quarter and further to the year to make things work. And those create -- can create some more difficult comps, notwithstanding the share price reaction on Q2, specifically. Secondly, in terms of the just sort of the long-term outlook for this business, I would say that we've got this great core OTA business in Brand Expedia, and Hotels.com, and our private label business, which are really in growth and scale mode and we think we can deliver healthy top- and bottom-line growth in those businesses. They're in a stage now where they've got modern technology platforms. We're sort of through the big investment cycles. They're innovating, working on making sure we've got world-class online marketing. And we've now got ETP rolled out, and that can be a tailwind for us because, really, the barriers on the supply side are gone as well. So we look at those businesses as really businesses that can grow in scale nicely and deliver consistent nice growth year after year. And then we've got our, what I call, our investment businesses; businesses that, right now, in the near term. We're not focused on adjusted EBITDA growth. We're focused on maintaining healthy, call it, absolute dollar EBITDA levels. But we're really focused on driving the top line and building scale in those businesses for the long term and that's eLong. Again, it's just a great opportunity in China. We're really happy with our position there. Egencia, which has got a very unique position in the corporate travel space, a huge part of our industry. And we're very pleased with their progress on the VIA integration. They're going to be focused on that in 2014. But again, we're not really focused on bottom line growth. And then again, trivago, which is going to continue in the formula that they've had and were successful for years and years before they were part of the Expedia family, which is really just maintain a healthy level of absolute dollar adjusted EBITDA growth and really drive the top line. Our expectations for them is that's going to be something we'll continue in. And as the business matures, we definitely could see more EBITDA drop to the bottom line. One last point I'll just make on trivago with respect to profitability because we do get a fair bit of questions around their margins and how to think about their margins going forward. When we look at trivago's mature markets, Germany, Italy, really all of Southern Europe, even parts of the U.K., what you see there is a business that is mature, that has healthy margins, and certainly, margins that are higher than the overall Expedia, Inc. margins, and nice media business margins. And really, what you see with them now and what you see show up in our P&L is a result of that team taking otherwise healthy EBITDA growth and reinvesting that into building new markets. And that's something we support and something we can expect to see going forward. So I hope that gives you some help in how to think about how we're thinking about the business.
Dara Khosrowshahi: The only thing I'd add is, while trivago's EBITDA margins in those core markets are mature, they're top line is anything but mature. Did you have another question, Ross?
Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I was just going to say the Travelocity channel, is that something you think can build on what you said on the run rate, or is that just going to be kind of out of your control?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, a lot is going to be out of our control. And listen, it's very early in the relationship with the Travelocity team, right? It's -- we're just moving over to the new platform, we're just looking at our conversion rates, and we're just starting to track user behavior, et cetera. And I think the Travelocity team has to figure out how they're going to market, what channels are working for them, what channels aren't working for them, and we really don't talk to them about that. So it's just very early in the Travelocity integration and we don't have any patterns that we can really talk to you about. So I think as the year moves on, we'll be much more comfortable talking about Travelocity trends, which is very early at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Kopelman with Cowen and Company.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to follow up on an earlier question about the competitive landscape. Can you talk about what you're seeing in Q1 to date? Are there any important changes versus Q4? And how are you thinking about ad spend versus growth for the year?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Kevin, at this point, we're not seeing, I think, anything significant as far as a change in dynamics in the competitive environment. But it's very early, right? It's -- January is just over, so things could change. And last year, we saw a lot of action kind of in Q2, Q3. So our expectation is it's certainly going to be a competitive environment on a go-forward basis. And we don't see that changing. As far as ad spend goes, the one consistent expectation that I would have is that our revenue from international points of sale is going to probably grow faster than domestic revenue, even though domestic revenue is growing at really healthy rates. But in general, our marketing efficiencies internationally are lower than that of our domestic efficiencies. And also, in general, our traffic from variable channels, because we are seeing, in general, conversion growth, which can translate into higher spend in these variable channels, our traffic from variable channels is growing quite quickly and as a result, results in a mix of more expensive channels on a margin basis. So I would expect on a go-forward basis for sales and marketing to grow faster than revenue. trivago becoming a bigger part of our business is also going to add to that. And then, obviously, we'll look to leverage our fixed costs as well. Where that comes out is something that's unknown at this point.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And then just one other question. You talked about improvement in the direct channel. Are there any key drivers that you could call out in terms of that improvement in the direct channel in Q4?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think that the biggest driver is better product. And as we introduce new consumers to the Hotels.com product, to the Expedia product and other brands, a certain percentage of them and a healthy percentage of them like the product. We've invested aggressively in loyalty programs. We talked about Welcome Rewards at Hotels.com having over 10 million members. I think it's the absolute the best loyalty program out there. So the formula for us is acquire new customers through brand channels, especially through variable channels, and then let the product and our loyalty programs get those customers to come back. And at least, we're seeing good signs of that.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back to Mr. Pickerill for any closing remarks.
Alan Pickerill: Okay. Thanks a lot. Thanks, everybody for joining us today. A replay of the call will be available on the IR site shortly after the call. Appreciate your interest in Expedia. Dara, anything you'd like to close with?
Dara Khosrowshahi: No. Thanks, everyone, for joining the call. And a big thank you to all of the Expedia, Inc. employees for a strong finish to the year. It's a result of the good work of a ton and ton of people and we're very appreciative of it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Expedia, Inc.'s Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-30 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Alan Pickerill Dara Khosrowshahi - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Mark D. Okerstrom - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Corporate Development
Analysts: Thomas C. White - Macquarie Research Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division Bo Nam - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Eric James Sheridan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Brian Patrick Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Kenneth Sena - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Brian Nowak - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Paul Judd Bieber - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Andrew Marok - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Dean Prissman - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Nishant Verma - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Andrew D. Connor - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Expedia Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded today, October 30, 2013. I would now like to turn the conference over to Alan Pickerill. Please go ahead, sir.
Alan Pickerill: Thank you, Douglas. Good afternoon, and welcome to Expedia Inc.'s financial results conference call for the third quarter ended September 30, 2013. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, Expedia's CEO and President; and Mark Okerstrom, our CFO. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, October 30, 2013, only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate or similar statements. Please refer to today's press release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You'll find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the company's IR website at expediainc.com/ir. I encourage you to periodically visit our Investor Relations site for important content, including today's earnings release. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense, and technology and content expense exclude stock-based compensation. And all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2012. With that, let me turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Alan. We're pleased to deliver a strong Q3, showing solid top line and bottom line trends and setting us for a good finish to the year. I'd like to update you on the status of the challenges we discussed last quarter, and then cover a couple of other developments before turning the call over to Mark. First, for Hotwire, although revenue and profitability are still down, the trends have generally stabilized. The team now has a strong handle on both the challenges and opportunities, and they're mobilizing to build up the Hotwire brand and products to position the business for future growth. The TripAdvisor channel has generally improved since the initial global transition to metasearch during the second quarter. Although we see the performance in this channel vary week-by-week and also by geography, our bidding models are improving and we're generally regaining click share. It will still take some time for this to settle out, but we're confident about our ability to compete effectively in the metasearch channel in general. Lastly, while the U.S. markets remain extremely competitive, we've seen some improvements in our direct type-in channel. There's still work to do here, but we're cautiously optimistic given the recent trends. Brand Expedia performance continues to be robust, and we're pleased with our agreement to power Travelocity's U.S. and Canadian sites, including providing the underlying supply across product lines, along with the related customer service. We believe that this is a strong testament to the technology investment that we made over the past several years, and to our strong global supply footprint. The Travelocity team will be responsible for driving traffic through various marketing channels, and our brands will be competing with them for that traffic. The implementation work commenced, essentially, the moment the agreement was signed and continues as we speak. As the capabilities are completed, we will begin to transition traffic, test the results and scale up over time. It's still early in this implementation, but we're happy with our progress thus far, and expect to launch in the first half of 2014. eLong and trivago continue to execute well. eLong is growing in the highly competitive Chinese market with a real focus on and strong acceleration in the mobile channel. We're also pleased with trivago results in Q3, with continued strong revenue growth on an aggressive global expansion. We expect trivago to be nicely profitable for 2013 and expect more of the same playbook next year, steep selling and marketing investments made in the front half of the year and profits delivered in the back half. trivago's terrific product and branding campaigns have earned it the right of being the most recognized hotel metasearch brand in Europe, and we're eager to continue introducing trivago to the rest of the world. In closing, we feel better about our recent trends after a difficult first half of the year. We fully expect continued competition around the world, but we've demonstrated an ability to adjust and execute in an attractive, dynamic and highly competitive space. Our core online travel agency business is transitioning from a deep investment phase into one where we can grow in scale, while at the same time, we continue to invest in earlier-stage businesses like Egencia, eLong and trivago, where the focus is more on top line growth and share gains than on near-term profits. We continue to believe we have a long runway of growth ahead of us in this huge market, and consistent with that belief, we've continued our stock buyback program, including the repurchase of 6 million shares since the beginning of the third quarter. With that, let me turn it over to Mark.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Thanks, Dara. Overall revenue growth of 17% came mostly from Brand Expedia, trivago and Hotels.com, with all our major brands growing at healthy rates year-over-year, with the exception of Hotwire. The challenges at Hotwire remain, but since the time of our last call, we have seen relative stability for this brand. Overall, our hotel business continues to drive our performance, and we had solid room night growth this quarter at 20% year-over-year. Domestic room nights were up 12%, and international room nights grew 28%, both similar to second quarter growth rates on more difficult comps. This growth was partially offset by a decline in revenue per room night of 7%, a trend that we have seen for a while. Pressure on revenue per room night comes from a variety of factors, including mix shifts to Asia, growth from our chain hotel partners and growth in our loyalty programs, along with various forms of discounting and couponing. In addition, as we continue to expand the breadth and depth of our global hotel offering and continue to roll out Expedia Traveler Preference, we have made and expect to continue to make adjustments to our economics in various geographies, including changes based upon local market conditions. Based on all of these dynamics, as we look forward, we expect revenue per room night to continue to decline. As we have said before, given the size of the global opportunity ahead of us, we will continue to trade unit economics for greater volume growth over the long term. ETP is now in full swing, with more than 35,000 hotels under contract and 90% of those hotels live in production. Please remember that ETP gives the customer the opportunity to choose whether they want to pay us in advance or pay at the hotel. Based on recent room night data for ETP-participating hotels on Brand Expedia and Hotels.com, production is coming in at around a 50-50 split between Expedia Collect and Hotel Collect, including package, nonrefundable and other room night productions for these hotels across our portfolio of brands that makes us roughly 25% Hotel Collect. We expect travelers to continue choosing both options and as such, expect to see meaningful merchant and agency bookings in the future. Advertising and media revenue also grew substantially, mostly due to the inorganic growth from trivago, which represented approximately 6 percentage points of our total revenue growth for the quarter. From an expense perspective, we are pleased that every expense item, with the exception of direct sales and marketing, leveraged versus revenue. Of particular note, tech and content expense grew 14% in the third quarter, representing the third consecutive quarter of deceleration and the slowest growth rate in more than 2 years. Selling and marketing grew faster than revenue, largely as a result of the addition of trivago and our aggressive global expansion efforts there. trivago added approximately 12 percentage points of growth to our selling and marketing expense. Additionally, cost of revenue and general and administrative expenses grew slower than revenue, all leading to nicely growing adjusted EBITDA, up 16% year-over-year to $340 million. Although we still have strong seasonality in our business, which will continue to impact the shape of our P&L from quarter to quarter, we are happy to be able to show visible progress towards our target P&L. In terms of capital allocation, year-to-date, we deployed over $1 billion towards a combination of acquisitions, share repurchases, including the 8 million shares we have repurchased year-to-date, as well as our dividend. Turning to our financial expectations, we told you last quarter that we expected full year adjusted EBITDA to grow in the mid- to high-single-digit range, with efforts to do better than that. Including the impact of the costs associated with our Travelocity implementation, we remain on course to deliver against that guidance. Regarding Travelocity, from a financial perspective, it is difficult at this time to get too precise because there are a lot of variables at hand. We don't know the specific timing of the full launch. We can't yet gauge customer reaction and don't know what the specific conversion rates of the new sites will be. And of course, we are dependent on Travelocity's marketing efforts to drive traffic to the new sites. Having said that, our base case assumes that, once live, with 100% of the traffic moved over, this agreement can generate as much as $40 million to $65 million of incremental adjusted EBITDA for Expedia on an annual run-rate basis. As usual, we plan to give our 2014 guidance on our Q4 call, and we'll build in our expectations for the Travelocity contribution at that time. From a housekeeping perspective, we expect to account for the Travelocity agreement similar to how we account for other affiliate deals. We will report 100% of the gross bookings, revenue and room nights generated by the sites, and record the payment to Travelocity as a component of selling and marketing expense. With that, let's move to Q&A. Operator, will you please remind participants how to queue up for questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of Tom White with Macquarie.
Thomas C. White - Macquarie Research: So room night growth accelerated just slightly relative to last quarter. Can you talk a bit about some of the movements in the various channels you called out last quarter, such as TripAdvisor and direct navigations? Did the some of those improve and others deteriorate, or were things kind of sort of steady across everything? And then just quickly on revenue per room night, any kind of color you can give us about what sort of delta we should expect between kind of ADRs and revenue per room night kind of over the next, I don't know, call it, 4 to 8 quarters or so?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, absolutely. As far as the room night growth went, I'd say that the theme this quarter was relative stability. We did see some improvement in the TripAdvisor channel. The TripAdvisor channel got better as the quarter progressed. And then obviously, we had a tougher comp as far as Q3 of last year versus Q2 of last year. So those 2 kind of offset each other. But in general, we're happy with the room night growth. And as far as the balance of top and bottom line growth as part of [ph] -- Mark, do you want to talk about revenue per room night?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. Again, the big drivers of revenue per room night, you've got mix shift to Asia, a lot of which ends up being driven by eLong. You've got the rollout of Expedia Traveler Preference program. You've got mix shift to chains, discounting, coupons, et cetera. All of those things combined over the course of the last several quarters, with a few exceptions, has led to a gap of around 6% to 7%-ish. We're expecting that revenue per room night will continue to decline, so I would just model that in. It's tough for us to predict the exact amount, but some of the trends you've seen recently are certainly directionally in the range of what we might expect, with probably a little bit more pressure to the downside than the upside.
Operator: And your next question is from the line of Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I wonder if you could talk a little bit more about the metasearch transition at TripAdvisor. Based on their disclosures, it didn't seem like you materially changed your spend with them quarter-to-quarter, but you clearly had very strong results here. I guess the twofold question is, how long do you expect this transition to impact you? How long do you think it will take you for a while to work through that? And has it been material, the fact that you've materially cut back on your spend with TripAdvisor, and yet you're able to post these kind of nice growth metrics this quarter?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, Mark, I think on TripAdvisor, the spend over the period, so to speak, Q3 versus Q2, was fairly comparable. We are -- I'd say the trend for us through the quarter was positive. So my expectation is that the Q3 -- the Q4 spend on TripAdvisor is going to improve over what you saw in Q2 and Q3. And that's just part of our optimization efforts on trip in general is testing and learning, understanding how the meta model works. And I'd say we are incrementally more confident with TripAdvisor meta and kind of more comfortable with the various parts of -- moving parts of that business than we were going into Q2. So we feel better about it, and we're certainly hoping that our Q4 spend in TripAdvisor will be up year-on-year.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Naved Khan with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: So if I look at your bookings, the agency bookings seems to have accelerated. And also, the agency revenues show a nice acceleration. Is that mainly because of ETP, or are there some other factors contributing to that? And then I have a follow-up.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. When you look at things at the bookings level, the air business can have a pretty significant impact, and that's a lot of what you saw this quarter. ETP is a contributor, but we saw nice growth in the air business, both on ATPs, as well as unit volume. A lot of that was driven by Brand Expedia, which has rolled out its new air platform and continues to test and learn. We're also seeing good performance in Egencia North America. That's really getting great traction in this market as people sort of modernize their approach to corporate travel. You've got one more?
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: And then -- yes, I did. So Dara, you talked about some improvement in direct type-ins and direct traffic. How sustainable is that going forward?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Naved, it's tough to tell. The direct channels are the ones that I would say are least responsive, at least on a short-term basis, to spend. So we have a pretty good idea when we're up or down on SEM or meta, because often it is directly related to our own activity or competitive activity. That is not quite true with the direct channel. So it's tougher to tell. We would guess that the competitive activity going into Q3 was a little bit less competitive, but as far as brand spend goes, our share of voice is where we want it to be. In general, we have gotten a bit more effective on variable channels, both on the Hotels.com and Expedia fronts, and that could have a kind of, call it, rebound effect on the direct channels. So those could be 2 factors, but again, our ability to be very specific on the direct channels is a bit more difficult.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Douglas Anmuth with JPMorgan.
Bo Nam - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is Bo on for Doug. Can you talk a little bit about much of your bookings you're seeing for mobile and if you're seeing any shift? Previously, I think mobile generally accounted for a lot of the near-term, maybe next 24-hour bookings. If you're seeing any shift away from that, and if there's any difference between tablets and smartphones?
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as our -- the percentage of mobile, mobile is basically one of our fastest-growing channels and continues to be growing very quickly, high-double digits, sometimes triple digits. We are seeing a very, very fast growth in mobile in Asia. eLong has been focusing on mobile very aggressively. Mobile downloads across EI are now approaching 80 million downloads. And we're attacking that channel aggressively across both apps, which tend to attract customers who are loyal to the brand, who then come directly second and third times, and then on web as well. One of the areas we're quite focused on right now is responsive design and building out sites that are able to respond based on whatever device that you use. And for example, the Expedia -- Brand Expedia hotel path now is fully responsive, and we're looking to move other paths responsive as well. So mobile for us is, we feel, a very, very big opportunity, and we're quite pleased with our progress there.
Bo Nam - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Could I ask just a quick follow-up to that also? Do you see any difference between air and hotels on mobile?
Dara Khosrowshahi: For us, hotels, because it is our largest revenue generator, is the first product that, in general, we have been rolling out on mobile. So our mobile penetration is the highest in hotels. Hotels.com has done a great job going mobile early, et cetera. On Expedia, we did introduce the air path on our app relatively recently. It's also available on mobile web as well. We think it's industry-leading experience, so we're seeing great early results. But air is very, very early right now.
Mark D. Okerstrom: And then just on your question on booking patterns and shifts between tablets and smartphones, no significant shift. We continue to see smartphone bookings to be much nearer in and tablet bookings to look a lot more like desktop. The exception to that would be in Asia, where we actually see smartphone activity look a little bit more like desktop, as folks in the Asian market seem to be using that as their primary booking tool.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Eric Sheridan with UBS.
Eric James Sheridan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Two questions. Dara, now that you guys have been working and operating with the trivago business since the close, you mentioned -- talked about next year growth, the marketing expense to support that growth. What is your vision for longer term for how that asset fits inside the broader Expedia platform, maybe thinking out sort of longer term? And then second, on ETP, is there any sense you can give us of how -- where ETP has been deployed and adopted, what it might have done to sort of hotel room night growth or sort of bending the curve on revenue for the company?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, as far as trivago goes, we try not to think too hard about these things. Our approach is going to be similar to our approach with TripAdvisor. We obviously a created a lot of value with TripAdvisor, and our shareholders at the time of the spinout are quite happy about that. As you know, TripAdvisor was operated fairly independently from the OTA assets. It allowed that team to be independent, to be innovative, to move fast. And the plan for trivago is the same. We have a great group of founders as our partners. It is a fast-moving company. They are growing very, very quickly on a global basis, and we expect them to do the same going forward. So as that business grows, as hotel and meta grows, it will become a larger portion of our business on a go-forward basis. And we think that it will be quite value-additive over the long term to our shareholders, and we're looking forward to that. We're also very -- trivago's geo focus is also quite complementary with our brands in that they're very [Audio Gap] obviously, we're getting smarter about European travel trends, working with the trivago team in order to try to gain more share within the trivago marketplace in Europe, although it's an absolutely fair game. And then as trivago is coming into the U.S., we are bidding aggressively in the trivago channel as far as our brands in the U.S. go. So it's a complementary relationship. It's a relationship that worked with TripAdvisor. And while those brands are run totally autonomously, we do think that they can be complementary within the portfolio. Mark is going to talk ETP.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Yes. So with respect to ETP, we are rolling it out globally. The focus this year has been really predominantly on the U.S., as well as Europe, in terms of hotel partner sign-up. And we've seen very positive response in both markets. Some of the things that participating hotels are seeing and we're seeing are really testament to the fact that consumers really like this product. We're seeing average booking values higher for hotels before and after, and for participating hotels versus nonparticipating hotels. We're seeing room night growth accelerate for those hotels that participate after versus before. So we're seeing some pretty positive impacts for our partners. Our consumers continue to like it, and net-net, we'd say a positive result. And we're going to continue to look at rolling this out globally. Again, we said we'd control the rollout. We like what we see, and we're going to continue to go.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Ross Sandler with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: So Mark, I know you don't officially comment yet on 2014, but as we look into next year, you're going to be comping some of the issues from Hotwire from this year. The core business x Hotwire is obviously very solid and now leveraging, and then you've got trivago kind of above average growth. So even before we layer in the $50 million contribution from Travelocity, could we see kind of back to the double-digit EBITDA growth rate for 2014? Is that a realistic way to think about it? And then on marketing efficiency, just to go back to this one for a sec, if we strip out trivago, it looked like the direct marketing spend was up about 11%. Units were up about 20%. Hotel room nights, up 20%. So that's a pretty big efficiency gain. Can you just talk a little bit more about where that's coming from in the quarter?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So yes, I don't want to comment too much further on 2014, beyond what we said would be the run rate impact for Travelocity. We'll give more guidance on our next call. I'd just remind you that the competitive environment remains pretty hot, and we do believe in the strength of this business. But let's not get ahead of ourselves yet. I will give you more guidance on the next call. With respect to marketing efficiency, listen, we -- one of the big drivers there from a year-on-year perspective is, as you'll recall, we had some pretty hard comps in Q1 and Q2 based on what we were doing last year. And the comps started to normalize in Q3, and they will be more normalized in Q4. A lot of that was driven by the fact that we were a little bit more reserved in our spend, particularly in Brand Expedia, in Q1 and Q2 of 2012. And then we stepped it up as we saw the conversion gains, and we're now lapping over that. So that's sort of the driver between the delta there. If you look at sales and marketing, excluding eLong and trivago, per room night, the numbers look a little bit more stable, particularly if you look at that on a trailing 12-month basis.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies.
Brian Patrick Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Maybe a follow-on to Ross' question. Are you seeing any dynamics to your e-mail marketing campaign with that your partnerships with Groupon post Google's kind of newer e-mail filters? And then when you think about ETP, does it resonate more or less with different types or styles or locations of hotels?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as the e-mail marketing campaigns go, we haven't seen material changes to our e-mail channel as far as trends go. So it could be just that Gmail is not a high enough percentage of our opens, et cetera. I'd say that the most significant trend for our e-mail channel is that the percentage of our e-mails now open using some kind of mobile device, a mobile phone, tablet, et cetera, is very, very significant. So our building out our e-mail templates, et cetera, to be responsive, to look good on a smartphone, as well as on desktop, is something that we're much more focused on, on a go-forward basis. And we made good strides there. As far as ETP resonating more or less with different types of hotels, we're getting broad acceptance for ETP and expansion of ETP. I would say that ETP penetration in Europe is leading as far as our total penetration, and we think that ETP is going to be a very, very significant part of our European business, really, going into Q4 and next year. And we're looking forward to that helping our European business and building our base there.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Yes, the only thing I would add to that is we do have a lot of the major chain hotels signed up and seen very, very positive results. So it's -- between chains and independents we're seeing good adoption. And again, the numbers that I mentioned around some of the benefits that participating hotels are seeing are really shared broadly across all segments.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. The volume helped.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Ken Sena with Evercore Partners.
Kenneth Sena - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Anything else you could say in terms of marketing efficiency, possibly across channels, in terms of search or meta or maybe by geography that you saw in the quarter? And then also, can you update us on your own review efforts in terms of maybe building a verified review base for your users? And also, just lastly, I know the Travelocity deal, you're still working through the integration, and you commented on next year. But there wasn't anything in the quarter that you can comment in terms of impact, is there?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Great. So with respect to marketing efficiency, just generally, what I would say is that we have all of our major brands driving to improve conversion. And we like what we see. Brand Expedia continues to test and learn and improve conversion. The Hotels.com continues to drive conversion gains. Obviously, having the Expedia Traveler Preference program is starting to help us with conversion. And all of those things lead to the ability to have better marketing efficiencies. What that ability translates into for us, particularly in variable marketing channels, is the ability to reinvest that money to drive continued strong top line and unit volume growth trends. So that's basically what you're seeing across our businesses, and it's something we're going to continue to try to drive going forward. Dara, do you want to take the review?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, sure. As far as the review base goes, we think having Verified Reviews is a significant competitive advantage over other players who don't. Obviously, the reviews that show up on Expedia, Hotels.com, et cetera, are there from our users. And really, the activity that we have been focused on has been trying to drive higher the percentage of users who stay and review their hotel stay. The more reviews we have, in general, we think the better content we have for our users, and we do think that the number reviews is also correlated to conversion. So there's a lot of activity going on as far as review collection goes. Our review collection percentages are increasing, and we think an important next step is going to be review collection using your phone. At this point, we are focused on desktop, but we will certainly move to mobile review collection, which we think will be a big, big improvement. Our mobile itineraries are getting much better. The experience is getting much better, and we're certainly going to move that experience into reviews as well.
Mark D. Okerstrom: And with respect to Travelocity, I would say nothing meaningful. Obviously, there's transaction costs, and we did start to buy some of the hardware and infrastructure associated with the deal. But I would say nothing meaningful. And I would remind you that our full year guidance includes -- for 2013, includes the impact of any incremental spending we'll do to ramp that deal up this year.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, and I think that spend will show up more significantly in Q4 and Q1.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Michael Millman with Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: I have some questions on car rental, and then I have a follow-up on mobile devices as well. So in the third quarter, could you give us some idea comparing rental days -- year-over-year rental days and revenue per day and maybe also kind of an opaque retail mix?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure, Mike. So I would say that we didn't see significant changes in those metrics. They were sort of flattish year-on-year. I would say generally, what we're seeing in the car industry is broadly consistent with what we've seen over the course of this year. You've got domestic rising fleet costs and consolidation providing a landscape that allows suppliers the ability to price up. That said, we have seen a little bit of a recent softening in demand in the industry, and that has created a little bit more inventory to be available for some of the deeper discount channels.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Talking about the deeper discounts, [Audio Gap] look at Hotwire and then look at your advertisements on Expedia. It looks like the pricing is at -- or at least for the discount, is at or below Hotwire. Has this basically putting Hotwire in an untenable position in the car rental business?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sorry, this is -- you're saying retail pricing at Brand Expedia versus Hotwire?
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Yes, and for the discounters, not for the premium brands.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I think -- listen, I think Hotwire's car business in general is following its overall business, in that it suffered early in the year because of the issues that we talked about. It's stable at this point, and we did go through a period where opaque discounts at Hotwire weren't quite what they were earlier. We're seeing some return there. So while the Hotwire car rental business is by no means peppy, it's stable, and we're hoping for some improvement going forward.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Okay. And on the mobile phones, on the mobile devices, who are the -- we know who the winners are. Who are the losers? Where is this business coming from?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Well, I don't think there are any losers. I mean, I think that consumers are certainly winners because they get a lot of benefit from using these mobile devices. They have more choice, and we are there, and a lot of other OTAs are there, when they want to make those last-minute bookings. So I don't see any losers in this, in that it's a net better product, and we're seeing consumers flock to that net better product. And we're certainly seeing our suppliers participate in mobile and mobile-only deals, for example, pretty aggressively. So we think it's a win-win. Maybe your traditional phone line company is a loser, but I think for the travel space, mobile is quite a positive factor on many fronts.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Brian Nowak with Susquehanna.
Brian Nowak - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I have a couple of quick ones. On Trip, I just wanted to follow up, so what steps do you think you still have to take in order to fix your share of traffic and exits? Is it due to bidding? Do you need to bid more in order to fix the share of exits or there's something else? And how do you go about fixing it? And then, Dara, I guess at a higher level, how do you think about the lifetime value of customers coming through meta versus coming through Google versus coming through the old Trip pop-up model?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, as far as the steps to fix traffic share on Trip, I want to say I think we're on our way, and it's a lot of steps to make sure that our inventories display properly, to get more data, to be able to bid more efficiently and to make the right bid based on predicted conversion and predicted ADRs, to increase the breadth of hotels that we're bidding on and the languages and the geos, et cetera. And this is not a process that happens overnight. It's a process that's iterative. And on a weekly basis, in general, we see trends getting better, and we certainly feel better about our TripAdvisor channel and the performance there coming out of Q3 than we did coming out of Q2. So we're hoping for more improvement. The TripAdvisor channel -- the TripAdvisor team has been very good to work with, and we look forward to working with them to continue to improve our performance with Trip. As far as lifetime customer value, we do look at customer behavior coming from different channels after the initial booking. What does the customer do? What does the customer do the second time they come back to us through a meta channel, Google channel, Trip channel, et cetera? We certainly take that into account as far as our bidding algorithms on each of those channels.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Justin Post with Bank of America.
Paul Judd Bieber - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is Paul Bieber for Justin. I was hoping you could comment on the demand environment in Europe. And then secondly, on the Travelocity base case you outlined, can you provide us with just some very high-level assumptions behind the base case scenario?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as the demand environment in Europe, I'd say broadly stable. We're seeing good European growth, Northern Europe, Southern Europe, et cetera. The euro strength is a new positive factor for us. And we are seeing growth in a number of channels, including trivago, which is growing very, very quickly in Europe. So we're satisfied with the trends we see. We definitely think that we can do better, and at this point, we don't see any red flags in Europe. It's a very competitive marketplace. And as you know, Booking.com is quite strong in Europe. So we've got an uphill climb, but the direction, at least, is positive for us. And Mark, you want to talk Travelocity?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure, yes. So with respect to Travelocity, obviously, the results of Travelocity historically are not our information to share, and I don't want to get into a ton of detail. But I will give you a few other tips on how to think about this. One is, firstly and foremostly, the historic Travelocity business is a result of the historic Travelocity platform, and the results that they're able to produce on our platform may be significantly different. So I think that's one caveat. Secondly, I would just remind you of the fact that the guidance we gave was full year run-rate guidance and not a 2014 realized number, and there's lots of variability around that. So with those caveats in mind, just a couple of things. One is that, historically, the Travelocity business has been a little bit more air-heavy than we would have seen in our Expedia U.S. and Canadian points of sale. Secondly is that there are some historic figures floating around, either by industry observers or actual historic numbers that have been put out there. I would just caution you that the business for which this deal relates, which is the Travelocity-branded websites in the U.S. and Canada, is a subset of the historic Travelocity business, which would include things like Last Minute, a car business they had, ZUJI, a fairly big private-label business. So I would just ask people to take that into consideration when they're modeling. And then the last thing, as I've stated, that our base case sees that business as accretive to our EBITDA margins. So hopefully, that gives you a few other things to help you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And just to add on, on an operational basis, you should think about our integration of the Travelocity platform as quite similar to how we rolled out the Brand Expedia platform. So it's not going to be flipping a switch, and all of a sudden, you're going to see a new site. It will be rolled out on a sterial [ph] basis by product. As you might guess, the hotel product is going to go first because that's where most of the money is. And there will be testing and learning. So the timing of the rollout is really going to depend on a bunch of testings that we do live on the site. And if things are working well, the rollout will be faster. And if they're not, we'll go back to the drawing board and we'll do so more work and then try again. So it will be gradual, and there won't be any kind of switch that's flipped, so to speak.
Paul Judd Bieber - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And one quick follow-up. You mentioned a couple different times the elevated competition in the U.S. and yet, you benefited from direct traffic. Can you just help me reconcile those 2 comments?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Well, I would just say that what we said on direct traffic is generally in the bucket of all of the challenges we saw last quarter. We've seen trends stable to improving. Of those trends, direct traffic in aggregate would be one of them. So I wouldn't draw a dramatic conclusion that we're seeing a huge increase in our direct traffic. What I would tell you about competitive intensity is that it is increasing, that there are more players in the marketplace, particularly players who are focused on television advertising, including existing incumbents who weren't historically focused on television advertising. And that creates a tougher environment for getting share of voice in that channel, which can have an impact on our direct sales -- our direct traffic. Versus the end of Q2, in Q3, there was probably a little bit of quieting in that television advertising noise. But again, I wouldn't take -- I wouldn't allow that to take away from the fact that competitive intensity is strong, and we expect it to be that way in the U.S. for a long time to come.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Andrew Marok with Cowen & Company.
Andrew Marok - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I just had 2 quick questions. On the mobile front, I know you had highlighted eLong. Are there any other brands in your portfolio that you wanted to highlight as performing particularly well in the quarter? And then on the 28% international room night growth, I was wondering if you saw any geographies that were notably strong or weak in the quarter.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, as far as mobile front, I'd say that Hotels.com has done a terrific job with mobile broadly, both domestically and internationally. The download numbers are very, very strong, and Hotels.com has been an early investor in both mobile products and mobile downloads for some period of time. So it's not a quarter story. It's a long-term story for Hotels.com. And then on the Expedia side, I think the Expedia team arguably started late, but I think the Expedia product in mobile, the experience on hotel, the experience on air is just terrific. And that team has done a great, great job as far as design, experience, et cetera, goes. And I think we'll see great benefits from that going forward. Both Hotels.com and Expedia are coming up with some pretty terrific iPad apps, Hotels.com this year, Expedia into next year, that we're very excited about. And then Egencia is also coming out with an app that we think is dynamite as well. So mobile for us is broad, and we are investing aggressively. And again, we think it's a very, very big opportunity for us, and we're investing appropriate to the level of that activity.
Mark D. Okerstrom: And with respect to international room night growth, I would say nothing specific to call out. You'll see growth pretty consistent this quarter versus last quarter, similar to what you might expect in terms of trends. Europe growing nicely. Asia Pacific and Latin America are growing more quickly.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I think the only thing that I'd add to that is that some of the currency effects have certainly affected traffic patterns. So the Japanese yen being down has hurt Japanese outbound business. The Australian dollar being down has hurt the outbound business a bit. But those are relatively minor factors within the full portfolio.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Dean Prissman with Crdit Suisse.
Dean Prissman - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Is there any additional color you can provide in terms of the measures and your approach in managing through the challenges at Hotwire? And then secondly, on mobile, have you seen any benefits from Google's rollout of enhanced campaigns?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, as far as Hotwire goes, we don't want to get into detail as far as the Hotwire plans go. Suffice it to say that the trends have stabilized, that the teams are very focused on making sure that Hotwire is relevant and competitive within the broader comp set, but also as it relates to Priceline Express Deals, which is a new product that's out there. And I think at the mobile front as well, the Hotwire product can really sing with mobile, especially with the last-minute nature of mobile in general. And that's something that the Hotwire team is quite focused on. So we are certainly not satisfied by any way with Hotwire performance, and I think that team is not satisfied. But they're focused. They're executing, and we're very confident that they're going to come out running in Q4 and going into next year. As far as the mobile goes, the benefit from enhanced campaigns, nothing material there. We see, obviously, there are a lot of players engaging in mobile. I'd say our ROIs on mobile web are less than our ROIs on desktop. CPCs still seem to be fairly elevated relative to conversions and also length of stay. The length of stay for mobile tends to be much shorter. So we haven't seen significant changes there, and we'll work to optimize that channel. And I think we're making great traction there, especially on the app front.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Scott Devitt with Morgan Stanley.
Nishant Verma - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: This is Nishant Verma sitting in for Scott. Could you provide some more color on your partnership with Home [Audio Gap] I guess, both strategic rationale and then how you envision integrating the vacation rental listings onto Expedia.com. Would it be sort of in the search results or more so a separate tab? And any other color would be helpful.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think the visioning is pretty simple in that Home Away is a -- has terrific product out there. And we want to see whether that product is a product that resonates with our consumers. As far as integrating listings into our search results page or separate tabs, I think it's a little bit too soon to talk about that. We would like to have the most integrated experience that we can, but there will be -- how it shows up is really going to be driven by customer preference. We're going to try a number of different approaches, and then we'll let the customers vote on the approach that they like the most.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray.
Andrew D. Connor - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: This is Andrew Connor on for Mike. Really following up on the Home Away discussion, just really curious to hear Dara's high-level thoughts on the growth associated with short-term rental sites like Airbnb and Wimdu. And particularly in Europe, do you guys view this sharing economy trend as sustainable and long term? And do you feel like there may be an opportunity for you guys to potentially layer in more short-term rental inventory to your bookable properties?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I think from a long-term standpoint, it's obviously hit a consumer chord, and I think one of the real unknowns is going to be the regulatory environment, our government regulators, what are government regulators going to do about this product, is it safe long term. And from a regulation standpoint, how does it relate to hotels that have to pay occupancy taxes, for example, here, VAT. So there's -- it's a fragmented marketplace that's forming. We do think that it will continue to form. We do think it will be regulated over time, and the size of it will, to some extent, partly depend on that regulation. But we think from a consumer standpoint, it is a -- it seems to be good product and product that consumers like. So as part of our relationship with Home Away, we want to see whether that's product that is important to Expedia customers and Hotels.com customers. And we think that it's a potentially new source of supply for us, and new sources of supply to the extent that they are scalable and safe. And our sources of supply that consumers enjoy and consumers value are quite valuable to us, because our ability to consolidate that supply give consumers one look at all kinds of different choices as to where they can stay in a particular marketplace. That's where we add value. So we've got great brands. We've got great traffic. So to the extent that this business does consolidate and grow, we think we can partner with it and we think we can be a significant positive for all the parties involved. So we're really looking forward to our partnership with Home Away. We'll see how that goes, and then we'll take it from there.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions in queue. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Pickerill for closing remarks.
Alan Pickerill: Okay, thanks a lot. Thanks, everybody, for joining us on the call today. Really appreciate your interest. Dara, any closing words?
Dara Khosrowshahi: No, just good work from the Expedia Inc. team across the world. We did a good job, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. I guess it's in June -- I guess it's in February. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. We'd like to thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Alan Pickerill Dara Khosrowshahi - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Mark D. Okerstrom - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Corporate Development
Analysts: Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Thomas C. White - Macquarie Research Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division Eric James Sheridan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Bo Nam - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Kenneth Sena - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Brian Patrick Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Paul Judd Bieber - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Kevin Potterton - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Ronald V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Q2 2013 earnings call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded today, Thursday, July 25, 2013. And I would now like to turn the conference over to Alan Pickerill. Please go ahead.
Alan Pickerill: Thank you, Katia. Good afternoon, and welcome to Expedia, Inc.'s financial results conference call for the second quarter ended June 30, 2013. Pleased to be joined on the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, Expedia's CEO and President; Mark Okerstrom, our CFO. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, July 25, 2013, only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate or similar statements. Please refer to today's press release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors, which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You'll find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today on our earnings release, which is posted on the company's IR website at expediainc.com/ir. I encourage you to periodically visit our Investor Relations site for important content, including today's earnings release. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense and technology and content expense exclude stock-based compensation. And all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2012. And with that, let me turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Alan. We expected the second quarter will be a tough one, with a number of factors stacked up against us, and it was. Mark will get into the details, but I wanted to lay out some of the issues that affected our performance this quarter. From a year-on-year perspective, we had difficult revenue comps in Q2 due to Easter falling earlier this year than last. In addition, the challenges at Hotwire we called out last quarter were particularly in acute in Q2. And in fact, Hotwire's performance in the quarter was worse than we expected. Lastly, on the expense side, we had a particularly difficult comp for sales and marketing. In addition, we saw some incremental factors that affected our second quarter results and our trends moving forward. First, we continue to face a challenging competitive environment, especially in the U.S., with 3 major travel players entering the brand marketing space: Booking.com, TripAdvisor going forward and our very own trivago. This translated into weaker growth in Q2 for some of our highly profitable direct channels. The impact was more pronounced for Hotels.com and Hotwire, since Brand Expedia was able to offset the impact with strong performance in variable channels as its conversion rate continued to improve. Second, we saw a broad negative impact of TripAdvisor, one of our largest marketing channels, moving to the metasearch model globally, impacting traffic, revenue and profitability. The transition has been difficult, and the environment is quite dynamic relative to our past history with them. We continue to work with TripAdvisor and are beginning to see signs of improvement in the channel relative to early results, something we would expect to continue over time as we move beyond the initial transition. Although making us incrementally more cautious, we haven't let these pressures affect our desire to make smart investment decisions to drive long-term growth, and we continue to push very hard at both eLong and trivago. eLong continues to aggressively compete and gain share in China, affording us a unique and sizable position in our Asia-Pacific operations. And in its first quarter as an Expedia business, trivago continued its international push and grew its revenue nearly 80% year-over-year. trivago is continuing its global expansion and is currently focusing ramp-up efforts in some very key markets, including the U.S., Canada and Australia, New Zealand. And based on a strong consumer response to these markets, we've increased our marketing investment relative to our initial plans. Combined, eLong and trivago investments drove a $13 million year-on-year reduction in adjusted EBITDA compared to the second quarter last year, the bulk of which represented incremental spending relative to what we described to you on our last earnings call. We remain optimistic about just how big these businesses can be over the next few years and are allocating capital accordingly. Now let me turn it over to Mark to take you through some of the numbers before I give a few closing remarks.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Thanks, Dara. Despite the headwinds and incremental pressures that Dara described, our consumer travel brands, Expedia, Hotels.com, EAN and Hotwire, taken together, delivered adjusted EBITDA broadly in line with our expectations, as did Egencia, our corporate travel business. Now as Dara said, the brand marketing and metasearch dynamics are such that our top line growth is a bit lighter than we had expected, and we do see those trends extending into July. But we believe we have sufficient cost levers to size the business for a changing environment should these conditions persist. Despite top line pressure on our consumer travel brands, we did make selling and marketing investments at both trivago and eLong, which were incremental to what we had anticipated at the time of our first quarter conference call. trivago's progress thus far in the U.S. and elsewhere has been impressive, and we decided to pour a bit more fuel on the fire. Similarly, we are happy to put more marketing weight behind eLong's continued share gains in the Chinese market. We continue to see strong results for Brand Expedia, with very robust room night growth, along with some promising early results from our package migration. A/B testing of new functions and features on the hotel, air and package paths continue at a very strong pace, and conversion continues to improve. Helped by one last month of inorganic growth from VIA, Egencia grew gross bookings 27%; revenue, 26%; and room nights, 32% for the quarter. Overall, we're quite pleased with the performance at Egencia, as they continue to take share in the global corporate travel market. In total, hotel revenue grew 12% for the quarter, with 19% room night growth and a decrease in revenue per room night of 6%. Domestic room nights grew 11% and international room nights grew 29%. Room night growth decelerated this quarter compared to Q1 2013 due primarily to Easter timing, TripAdvisor's metasearch transition and an eLong channel disruption, as well as our private label business comping over significant growth on some big partners in the prior year. As Dara mentioned, we also saw some impact, particularly towards the end of the quarter, from increased competitive brand marketing in the U.S. As a reminder, as we move through the year, we're facing increasingly difficult comps as we lap over the room night acceleration of Brand Expedia last year. The decline in revenue per room night was driven by a number of factors, including ongoing mix impact of fast room night growth in China, the impact of competitive discounting and couponing and share shift to bigger hotel chains with lower margins. In addition, the shift to ETP is also having an impact as we transition over to the new model. Notwithstanding the positive conversion benefits we are seeing with ETP, we expect that the migration will have a negative impact on hotel revenue margins as we expand the program. More broadly on ETP, we now have more than 30,000 hotels under contract, with over 70% of those hotels live in production. Consumers continue to love the product, and our supplier partners are learning more about how this program can drive their room night growth. Air revenue grew 8% in the quarter on ticket growth of 7%, and advertising and another revenue grew 37%, driven by hotel metasearch revenue at trivago. Now turning to key expense categories. Cost of revenue grew slower than revenue in the quarter and would have generated even more leverage had it not been for the one last month of inorganic impact from the VIA acquisition. In addition, we do continue to see more credit card fraud than we had seen historically, and this is having a negative impact on cost of revenue. As we expected, selling and marketing expense grew faster than revenue, primarily due to our marketing spend at trivago, difficult comps for certain of our other brands, as well as our continued expansion in key international markets. It's worth noting that a significant majority of trivago's operating expenses consist of selling and marketing. And in the near term, we plan to continue investing for growth at an aggressive pace. In total, trivago added roughly 11 percentage points of growth to this line item for the quarter. Technology and content grew 21% year-over-year, marking the slowest rate of growth in more than 2 years and the second consecutive quarter of deceleration. We expect this trend to continue and the relationship between the growth of tech and content expense and revenue growth should continue to get better in the back half of the year. General and administrative expenses grew just under 14%, with 3 percentage points of this growth driven by 1 month of inorganic impact from the VIA acquisition, as well as the addition of trivago. In terms of capital allocation, year-to-date, we deployed over $700 million towards a combination of acquisitions, buybacks and our dividend. In addition, we are pleased to increase our dividend to $0.15 per share for payment in the third quarter. Turning to our financial expectations for full year 2013. Given the environment we've described today, we now expect full year adjusted EBITDA growth in the mid to high single-digit range, but we'll work very hard to do better than that. Regarding the shape of the year, the back half, in particular, the fourth quarter, is expected to generate significant adjusted EBITDA growth, primarily because our selling and marketing and tech and content expenses are expected to grow at slower rates than the first half and because we expect trivago to deliver healthy adjusted EBITDA in the back half of the year. With that, back to Dara for some closing remarks before we move to Q&A.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Mark. Although we're facing some near-term challenges, our core consumer travel business is one that we believe can grow at healthy, sustainable top and bottom line rates over the long term. We're excited about the global growth opportunity, the growth of our mobile business and the conversion upside from our ETP program. With the bulk of our replatforming efforts behind us, we're now transitioning this part of our business from a phase of technology and platform investment to a phase of leveraging those investments and positioning the business so our overhead costs are growing slowly than our revenue. In addition, we have 3 important businesses that we consider to be future growth drivers at Egencia, eLong and trivago, where we're very focused on global growth, size and scale rather than on growing near-term profitability. We believe these businesses represent huge long-term opportunities, and we'll continue to drive them aggressively with an eye on a significant payoff in the future. Finally, Expedia, Inc. is a business with a strong balance sheet and strong annual cash flows, and we strive to be smart allocators of capital, investing in acquisitions opportunistically while returning cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases over time. We think the combination of strong base OTA business built to grow and scale globally, 3 very big growth drivers in huge categories in Egencia, eLong and trivago and strong cash generation, along with smart capital allocation, puts us in a great position to grow shareholder value going forward. Now let's turn to questions. Operator, would you please remind listeners how to ask a question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Ross Sandler with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Two questions. Mark, can you talk about the cadence of EBITDA growth in 3Q and 4Q? I think most investors are struggling to get to the -- get back up to the mid to high single-digit growth rate, given the current trajectory and the comments about July. So what gives you the confidence? And then, Dara, it seems like Booking.com is getting more aggressive in every marketing channel in the U.S., not just TV, but within Kayak, within TripAdvisor, within Google. So what can you do to offset some of these dynamics in the medium term?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Thanks, Ross. So with respect to EBITDA growth for the rest of the year, just as a reminder, our expense comps gets significantly easier throughout the year. Cost of sale, the VIA impact basically disappears. Sales and marketing in the first half have very difficult comps as last year, Brand Expedia was ramping up. We'll be comping over that in Q3 and Q4. G&A gets a lot easier. And then also, technology and content starts to slow as well. So the expense comps get just particularly easier. And then, revenue is something that is -- as we said, we think is sustainable over time. And I will remind you, too, that at the time of our last conference call, we spoke about the Hotwire organic forecast takedown being replaced by trivago. And just a reminder that Hotwire is much more of a normal seasonal business and, therefore, has particular impact. They have particular impact in this quarter. trivago, given the phase they're in right now, is just much more back-end loaded. So the organic business was already back-end loaded, and trivago basically accentuates that.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And Ross, as far as Booking.com and they're competitiveness, they've been competitive in those channels for some period of time. It's nothing new. And we talked about the global travel opportunity being $1 trillion opportunity. And even in the U.S., our business represents close to 6% of U.S. room nights. That leaves plenty of growth for many, many players. And I would say that we haven't seen any particular change in Booking.com's competitive activity within the trip channel or SEM. Where we have seen a change is definitely the offline channel. And in the off-line channel with booking coming in, with TripAdvisor coming in and with trivago advertising as well, it's tougher for some of our brands to get the kind of share or voice that we've had in the past, even if we up our spend. So from that standpoint, the direct channel, the brand marketing is definitely becoming more competitive. One of our own brands, trivago, is one of the entrants there, and we're seeing really, really good success in the U.S.. But in the other channels, the real issue for us in TripAdvisor was a switch from pop-up windows to metasearch, and that hurt us in the near term. Although, we're seeing some good constructive trends as we optimize that channel. And in search engine marketing, if anything, for example, for Brand Expedia, the SEM channel has been a significantly positive channel as we have increased conversion. And as a result, were able to market more effectively. So it's really the brand channel where we're seeing the competition and the change in the marketplace.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom White with Macquarie.
Thomas C. White - Macquarie Research: I guess, I'm trying to reconcile the acceleration in the marketing spend a bit more with the deceleration in the hotel revenue. You guys talked a little bit about the impact of trivago, but the spend on TripAdvisor was down year-over-year. I guess, can you guys just talk a little bit more about where you are spending or where you're shifting dollars, if they're not going to trip? And maybe comment on the relative ROI differentials you're seeing between some of the key variable marketing platforms, be it sort of traditional search or metasearch?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So generally, the trip spend was a significant takedown this quarter, and it really evolved throughout the quarter. We are positive year-on-year in April and went significantly more negative through May and June. That spend, essentially, was replaced with increases in both trivago, as well as increases at eLong. That essentially filled the gap there, and that spend that, at least in period revenue, is a little bit less efficient. So that's probably the biggest story. I would also say that again, towards the end of May and into June, as we saw more pressure on -- in the brand marketing channel, again with the TripAdvisor, trivago, Priceline, Hotwire, all of the players in the marketplace, that did impact a bit our direct type-in traffic, which is really the most efficient traffic. And so that creates a bit of a mixed shift, if you will, into more expensive channels. Just to give you a little bit of the numbers I said in my script, but trivago itself added 11 points of growth to sales and marketing this quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Naved Khan with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: I'm just trying to understand the -- Dara, you already spoke about the U.S. and the factors behind the slowdown. I'm trying to sort of understand the international performance. Can you talk about the different geographies outside the U.S. and how they performed? And what are you seeing there in terms of competitive pressures and if anything has changed there?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I'd say, from an international basis, we've seen a couple of factors. One is Southern Europe continues to be, on balance, weaker. Spain, for example, for trivago, was in a particularly strong market, although Germany was a very strong market. So there seems to be a difference between Northern Europe and Southern Europe, and those trends have been continuing for some period of time. We did see with hotels.com some slowness in the U.K. and Ireland and especially toward the June time frame. Some people chalked it up to the warm weather there. And we talked to some of our search partners, and they were -- they talked about search volume for travel being pretty weak, especially during the summer season. From a Brand Expedia standpoint, the European regions look pretty good. Expedia last year was weaker in the European regions. We have invested in product. We have invested in increasing some of the brand marketing and also invested pretty aggressively in variable channels and in the European regions. And Europe has gone from being, let's say, a weak point last year for Brand Expedia to gaining positive momentum, and we're hoping to build on that momentum. And then when you look at the APAC region, the Asia Pacific, we're seeing continued competitive environment in China. eLong continues to gain share, but that does come with a significant investment on the marketing side. And we don't see that competitive environment easing up. We see it continuing, and we're going to continue to invest in that marketplace because we really do think that we are building a scale operation and securing possibly a leadership position in that marketplace.
Mark D. Okerstrom: And I would also just give you just some color on the international room night growth deceleration story. Last quarter, it was about 43%; this quarter, about 29%. The big drivers there and the biggest driver was the disruption that eLong had with [indiscernible] in China. That started at the beginning of the quarter and ended more or less in the middle of the quarter. The next will probably be Easter, which was a big factor as well. And then TripAdvisor is another big driver for us internationally. So those were probably the 3 biggest drivers. And then we did see some tougher comps for a number of our businesses internationally as well.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: That sounds cool. And then just on Hotwire. You guys did say that it performed worse than or below your expectations. Is that primarily on the hotel side or is it also -- is it car rentals? What are you seeing there?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, it was a combination of both hotels and cars. That business, it continues to be fairly weak. And we talked about the competitive factors. And in an environment with rising occupancy and rising ADRs, we continue to see inventory pressure, so to speak, on the Hotwire front. And that hasn't eased up. We are working through some initiatives to hopefully regain some momentum in that business. But at this point, it's not operating the way that we want it to.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Eric Sheridan with UBS.
Eric James Sheridan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I guess one of the comments from the call I wanted to talk about a little bit more was you made mention that since the last earnings report, you've sort of have made decisions to put more capital to work in the business as part of the longer-term business plan. I guess understanding what drove those decisions and what assurance you could give investors about whether there'll be additional decisions like that as we move through the year or whether you feel fairly comfortable with the budget as it's now laid out in the new EBITDA guidance for the full year. And then the follow-up question would be about capital, raising the dividend today, but in terms of longer term and just using the balance sheet to possibly return capital to shareholders as you move through this investment cycle. I'd like to understand your thoughts on that as well.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as the investments that we made in some of these growth areas, listen, we want to have flexibility as a company going forward. We think that these are good investments that are going to pay off, and they're significant markets that we think, if we win in, can give outsized return to our shareholders. The assumptions that we've made on the second half of the year are that trivago is going to go into a bit more of a profit mode. trivago's profitability is almost all second half from investment mode in the first half. We're pretty confident that's going to happen. And then we're assuming that eLong continues to invest heavily in the China market, both in variable channels and off-line channels as well and also continues to gain share and to grow their room nights at accelerated rates. We don't see that changing. We think we're in a pretty good spot. And what we will do is we'll make sure, just like this quarter, when we talked about the $13 million of incremental costs, we'll make sure that we break out sort of the emerging investments that we're making so that you can track the core OTA business as against some of these emerging areas. As far as our balance sheet goes and our capital allocation strategy, I'd say nothing's changed. We have brought in a significant number of shares over a long period of time, and we believe in reducing our capital base. And I think on a go-forward basis, you can expect the same, although we're not going to talk about exactly when or how we're going to do it. And we will look to make acquisitions on an opportunistic basis. And we have started our dividends, and we just announced an increase of dividends as well. So we -- this is a company that produces a lot of cash flow, and we believe in a balanced strategy as far as capital allocation goes. And I'd expect the same going forward as what you've seen in the past.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Douglas Anmuth with JPMorgan.
Bo Nam - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is Bo Nam for Doug. Can you discuss a little bit about your trivago marketing strategy and why you've decided to push trivago more aggressively into the markets that you mentioned, U.S., Canada, Australia and New Zealand. Are you targeting more cross-border travel there or domestic travel within these regions? And does trivago help your position in Europe for any of your core brands? And then secondly, just want to see if you're seeing any trends or any differences from the supply or direct channels, like are hotel direct sites any more competitive now than they have been in the past?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Bo. So with respect to trivago's marketing strategy, trivago has a very strong track record of entering new countries using predominantly television advertising to build strong brands with which they back up with a great product. And over the course of their expansion, and they're now at 39 countries around the world, they have developed a pretty sophisticated formula on how they do that. And it goes along, like I said, you spend up, you build up a strong brand. And generally, over time, these markets become profitable and you can move on and reinvest into greater expansion. We saw, based upon the historic track record of multiple country launches, great traction in the countries we mentioned, U.S., Canada, Australia, New Zealand, including a number of other countries. And we liked what we saw, the team liked what they saw. And we decided to pour a little bit more fuel on the fire. Again, it's all very measured investment based upon metrics, and they've got a strong formula. With respect to competition from supplier direct, we're not seeing any material changes. It's been fairly consistent for us over the course of the last number of years and nothing different to report.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Sena with Evercore.
Kenneth Sena - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Can you just maybe share a little bit more about the level of confidence that you have in terms of maybe restoring the TripAdvisor at metachannel to the efficiency in terms of traffic, revenue, profit, where it was previously? And maybe also, could you breakdown maybe the incremental deterioration that you saw in the Hotwire business in a little more detail?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as TripAdvisor goes, we're seeing good early signs. The move initially off of the pop-up into meta for us created a significant headwind as far as both the revenue and profitability that we saw from that channel. And the great thing about these variable channels is that you can optimize, you can gather data and you can respond pretty quickly to the track that you see in the near term. So over the past month, we've been working with the TripAdvisor team, who've been great, as far as optimizing the channel, working our CPC kind of buckets, et cetera. And the early results that we're seeing are encouraging. They haven't gotten to the same levels that we were with-- in TripAdvisor earlier in the year last year, but the results have been improving on a week-on-week basis. And we don't anticipate any reason for that to change. Mark, do you want to talk about Hotwire?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. I'd just say the Hotwire situation, as we mentioned on the last call, Hotwire was responding to what they saw. They ran a big May sale, and that caused incremental spend above and beyond that, which they were able to recover through revenue. And that really drove the situation. So beyond that, that's not much more to comment on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies.
Brian Patrick Fitzgerald - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: A couple of competitive questions. Are you seeing any impact from Trip extending further down the funnel into the transaction area? And then you talked a little bit about your SEM trends and what you're doing there. Are you seeing any impacts from Google rolling out its Carousel product in the core search?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Brian. As far as Trip moving further down, I think it's much too early to tell. The difference that we saw with Trip was a pretty substantial decrease in the number of clicks that we got from Trip. And we've been working to optimize our click share, so to speak, within the Trip marketplace. And again, the early results that we're seeing are encouraging relative to the first couple of weeks. So we're working to optimize that, and we're pretty optimistic that we can. As to Trip going more downstream, et cetera, I think it's too early to tell. Trip has always been a very significant traffic generator for us. It's, as you know, one of the leading travel brands, and we don't see that changing. We do think the meta product is a better product for them. We'll keep an eye on it, but we haven't seen anything fundamentally different now. As far as Google goes and the Carousel product goes, we've taken a look at it. Google is a company that experiments constantly. We have not seen any material change in either our paid or our free traffic from Google as a result of the Carousel. But it's early, and it's something that we'll keep an eye on.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Justin Post with Merrill Lynch.
Paul Judd Bieber - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is Paul Bieber for Justin. Just wanted to clarify a little bit where you said -- your comments about the demand environment in Europe. I was wondering if this softness that you mentioned was isolated to Hotels.com? Or did you see some weakness also at Brand Expedia in Europe?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Are you talking about the comments on Southern Europe or U.K.?
Paul Judd Bieber - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I think you said -- well, I think you said U.K. for Hotels.com.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. So I think in the U.K., the weakness that we saw was more Hotels.com, but we've definitely felt in the last couple of weeks with Brand Expedia some weakness as well. I think that the Hotels.com and Brand Expedia are a little bit different in that Brand Expedia because of the platform changes that we've made, because of the replatforming and especially because of the package business, we just moved up to the new packages platform, was able to mitigate some of that weakness. But I would say that the last month or 2 in the U.K. has broadly been weaker from a market standpoint. Just Brand Expedia was able to offset it a little bit because of the packages platform.
Paul Judd Bieber - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then can you give us some more context just around the impact of Booking.com on Expedia in the U.S.? I think you mentioned that you're seeing a little bit less direct traffic. Is it possible to put some numbers around that or give us some more color?
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as the effect on Brand Expedia, Brand Expedia has been actually quite strong in the U.S. over the past couple of quarters. I think the effect that we're seeing with Booking.com is just a share of voice effect. And again, the brand marketing that were out there with both for Brand Expedia, Hotwire and Hotels.com, on average, has a lower share of voice than we've had in the past. Brand Expedia, because of the platform investments, I think, is mitigating some of those effects. We're possibly feeling some of those effects with Hotwire and Hotels.com, although it's tough to tell whether it's specifically booking or if it's the environment or if it's generally a number of competitors in the marketplace.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Millman with Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: First question is, one, hotel companies talked about a drastic shortening of the booking window in Europe. And I was wondering, A, are you seeing that? And if you are, who the winners and maybe who's getting hurt by it and what the impact of this may be on occupancy and pricing and to what extent that's helping or hurting your ETP? And also, on the U.S. rental car business, I think the last quarter, you said that year-over-year prices were rising. Is that still going on? Are fleets still short? To what extent are the deep discounters affecting your opaque market? And what are you seeing on the retail reservations, any offset from the retail reservations?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Michael. As far as the booking windows in Europe, I wouldn't say that we've seen a drastic shortening of booking windows one way or the other. We're seeing a couple of factors. One is that the Brand Expedia package business is growing quite nicely. The beach vacation package business is growing again, and we think that's, to some extent or to a large extent, the result of the replatforming that we have been working on for some period of time. We are also seeing significant strength on the mobile channel. On a global basis, we now have over 50 million mobile downloads across our various brands. And the mobile channel, especially as it relates to handsets, tends to be much more last-minute than the desktop channel or the tablet channel. So I think that the increase in mobile bookings that we're seeing, both in the U.S. and in Europe, would probably indicate kind of a second order shift to shorter booking windows. But other than those 2 factors, we're not seeing very, very big movements one way or the other. And I'd say on the ETP standpoint, we haven't seen ETP being affected one way or the other as far as booking windows go. As far as our -- the trends that we're seeing in the rental car market, we do continue to see prices being fairly strong. Revenue per day looks good. And we think that's a result of the ongoing consolidation in the industry, and that consolidation continues. In general, we did see some of the weakness that we saw, Hotwire offset by a bit more strength on the retail portions of our other businesses. Some strength in EMEA and the Asia-Pacific regions, but that wasn't enough to offset the weakness that we saw in core Hotwire, so to speak.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets.
Kevin Potterton - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: This is Kevin on for Mark. I'm just wondering as you roll out ETP, is that widespread enough that it's going to be material to conversion rates for the company as a whole?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Well, I would say that it's starting to be material to the company with respect to our rev margin. And of course, we are seeing conversion uplifts if you take ETP in isolation alone. But of course, there are a whole host of other factors that go on into conversion rates, and so it's difficult to isolate the impact and expect that you would see broad-stroked acceleration across the business directly as a result of ETP. You've got the TripAdvisor transition going on. You've got some brand pressure. You've got continued overall improvements and conversion across really all of our brands. So we certainly think that ETP is a product that opens up the aperture to us in a huge way in terms of Europe and international, to some extent, domestic. We think it's overall long term going to be a great thing for this business. But I think in terms of expecting acceleration on the back of ETP, as it grows, to be more material, we are optimistic but it's not something that we would urge you to expect.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Just to add 2 points to that. We are absolutely seeing ETP hotels or hotels that we convert to ETP perform better than hotels that have not converted to ETP. We see higher length of stay. We see average higher ATPs [ph]. And we see those hotels gain share in our marketplace, which is broadly as a result of higher conversion. There are higher cancellation rates with ETP agency transactions. But overall, the hotels that convert over to ETP do materially better in our marketplace than hotels that haven't converted. We do think that based on the pace of higher -- the pace of our ETP sign-ups, by the end of the year, we're going to have a pretty significant percentage of our hotel volume over ETP. And I think at that point, going into next year especially, you should see ETP become more of a driver for the overall business that shows up in the metrics.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ron Josey with JMP Securities.
Ronald V. Josey - JMP Securities LLC, Research Division: So I wanted to follow up, Dara, on what you were just saying with ETP. And specifically, I just want to understand a little bit more why hotels are performing better if you're on the platform or not. And also given, I believe you said there's a negative impact on hotel margins despite positive conversion rates, just wondering how ETPs could have -- be more of a driver next year just, I guess, overall volume. And then last question with ETP, and there's 3 of them, so sorry for the long-winded question. But how is it trending with 30,000 hotels relative to your expectations?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as the hotel -- listen, the hotel performance is a function of conversion. And when we tested out ETP with our consumers and we gave consumers the choice of either buying merchant or having a choice or even buying pure agency, ETP was the choice that won out. And the beautiful thing about our business is that we can experiment. We can run experiments against each other. So clearly, ETP has been -- consumers have voted, and we've built back the product based on the consumer vote, so to speak. And we're seeing the result of that within the marketplace. And as a result, the hotels that have transferred over to ETP are producing more than they did and are producing more than their comp set. So from that standpoint, we're very pleased with the product, and really now what we want to do is roll it out so that it becomes a higher proportion of our overall revenue on a global basis. As far as, has it matched our expectations, et cetera? I'd say broadly, yes. There are always operational pains that you're going through, et cetera, but the team has done a great job working through those operational issues. And we're seeing really good momentum now with some of the big brands as well. The Marriott's of the world are signing up. Those hotels are being converted, and I think everyone is happy with the early results that we're seeing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Kopelman with Cowen and Company.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Could you just talk at a high level about how traffic on your site has been in July, just given that TripAdvisor has commented on traffic headwinds in the month?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. We have seen some traffic headwinds in general, but some of those headwinds for us have been really a question of mix. So for example, you have a situation with TripAdvisor where if you are advertising on TripAdvisor and you're one of the top 3 advertisers, consumers would be popping windows every single time they clicked on show prices. As TripAdvisor has moved to a meta model, all of those windows aren't being popped up. And that will translate into lower traffic to our sites, which you probably have seen in some at the comp score metrics. We are also cleaning up some of the lower converting traffic with pop-ups, et cetera. And in general, I'd say we're moving more away from that kind of traffic than we have been in the past as we've looked into consumer behavior and whether that traffic really converts or not and the lifetime value of consumers coming in through those channels. That said, we have seen in the U.S. with some of our brands, particularly Hotels.com, a bit of a slowdown with direct type-in traffic, and we've observed that really in June, July. And it's something that we're watching closely because that kind of traffic is pretty valuable traffic, both in terms of the kind of customers that are loyal to you and in terms of the profitability of those customers. In the meantime, we are investing in variable traffic generators, et cetera, to build up our traffic base and build up a loyal customer base, which we're hoping to keep with our loyalty program. So that program continues, but we have seen some short-term headwinds.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And also, just a follow-up on mobile. Can you just give us an update on what kind of -- how the activity has been on mobile devices or maybe what percentage of your transactions are coming from mobile now?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, the activity continues to increase across the board. We are seeing very, very strong app trends across the various brands. We got over 50 million apps downloaded across our brands right now, and it's broad. It's in the U.S., it's in Europe, it's in Asia Pacific. eLong is doing a terrific job as far as driving app downloads, and I think the quality of our mobile product is second to none. Expedia has won a Webby, et cetera, for the quality of those products. And Hotels.com, if you'd look at them in the app ranking, they are consistently on top of the app rankings in many, many countries. So we're very, very happy with our production on mobile and our growth in mobile. It is in the 20% range on many of our brands and in many of our countries, and it continues to increase in share on a global basis. So it's a very positive trend for us, and we certainly see no loss in momentum there.
Operator: I'm showing no further questions in the queue at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Pickerill for his closing remarks.
Alan Pickerill: Thank you very much. Thanks everybody for joining us. The replay will be up on the IR site shortly after the call. Dara, do you have any closing remarks?
Dara Khosrowshahi: No, just thank you everyone for joining us. We know it was a tough quarter, and we know that we've got our work cut out for us for the balance of the year. And we're certainly up for the challenge.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Alan Pickerill Dara Khosrowshahi - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Mark D. Okerstrom - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Corporate Development
Analysts: Brian Patrick Fitzgerald - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division Thomas C. White - Macquarie Research Eric James Sheridan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Kenneth Sena - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Paul Bieber Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Michael B. Purcell - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Expedia, Inc. First Quarter 2013 Earnings Call [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded today, April 25, 2013. I would now like to turn the conference over to Alan Pickerill, Vice President of Investor Relations for Expedia. Please go ahead.
Alan Pickerill: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Expedia, Inc.'s financial results conference call for the first quarter ended March 31, 2013. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, Expedia's CEO and President; and Mark Okerstrom, our CFO. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, April 25, 2013, only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate or similar statements. Please refer to today's press release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors, which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You'll find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today on our earnings release, which is posted on the company's IR website at expediainc.com/ir. I encourage you to periodically visit our Investor Relations site for important content, including today's earnings release. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense, and technology and content expense exclude stock-based compensation, and all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2012. With that, let me turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Alan. After a solid year in 2012, we're off to a promising start in 2013. We continue to see healthy top line performance, driven primarily by hotel room night growth of 28%. Top line results have been solid for essentially all of our brands with the exception of Hotwire, which has seen its share of challenges. Mark will discuss these issues further in his remarks. We're also quite happy to officially welcome trivago into our family of leading travel brands with that deal closing in early March. Our key technology projects remain on track, and the teams continue to execute. We've successfully migrated significant Expedia package end-to-end traffic to our new platform with promising early results. We're also seeing progress in our Air UI path, which we've been testing for some time. Hotels.com has consistently been delivering terrific new features, and one in particular I'll call out is increased self-service capabilities on our sites. This is a true win-win. Our customers prefer online self-service, and we save money on our contact center costs. Across all of our brands, our pace of innovation, which we believe is a key ingredient for long-term success, is at an all-time high. Speaking of innovation, our Expedia Traveler Preference program is rolling out as expected, with nearly 25,000 hotels signed up and over half of those live in production. We've taken a look at performance metrics for a group of participating hotels in Europe and compared those metrics to the results prior to joining the program. For these hotels, we can see an improvement in room night growth well over 500 basis points for bookings where payment choice is enabled. As far as consumer preference, for ETP standalone room nights, we're seeing about a 50-50 split between Expedia Collect and Hotel Collect. All in, including packages and nonrefundable room nights, the mix is currently around 75% Expedia Collect, 25% Hotel Collect. Now these results are based on very early data and won't be the same for all hotels, but we believe that the hotels participating in the program will see better results than hotels that are not participating. I'd also like to reiterate a point we made previously that as ETP rolls out globally, we expect it will result in lower blended hotel revenue margins. Of course, we're also expecting the program to draw higher conversion and unit growth over time. The overall impact will depend in part on the pace of the rollout and the relative product and geographic mix. We continue to see progress in mobile, passing the 30 million global app download milestone across our major brands. The mobile channel is growing at an extremely fast pace, and the mobile booking mix continues to increase. While there's certainly risks in mobile as it evolves into a key channel, we're optimistic about our ability to grow and take share over time. We firmly believe that global players like Expedia, Inc. who are investing in great mobile functionality and design, driving the distribution and downloading of apps while sourcing great content in mobile-only deals for customers are most likely to succeed over the long term. Notably, we updated our brand Expedia app this quarter with a beautiful, new itinerary feature. Customers can see all of the components of their upcoming trips, whether it be the hotel room, the air ticket or the rental car. We believe we're one of the few to provide this kind of functionality to our customers and that our design is second to none. While we're satisfied with the solid start to the year, we're keenly aware that the competitive environment remains difficult and still have a lot of work to do. This is an execution game for us. We'll continue to invest appropriately in new technologies, new markets and new channels, and we're confident that as we execute on our plans, we'll create real value for all of our stakeholders, our customers, our investors, our employees and our supply partners. Mark?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Thanks, Dara. Overall, we're pleased with our first quarter results. Hotel revenue grew 24%, driven by room night growth of 28%, which was offset slightly by a 3% decrease in revenue per room night. Domestic room nights were up 15% year-over-year, while international room nights were up 43%. Note that room night growth comparisons in Q1 were much more difficult than they were in Q4. Also remember that the first quarter last year was helped by an extra day from leap year, which was more or less offset by this year's earlier Easter. But note that the Easter comp will create a bit of a headwind for Q2. Our international business continues to thrive with gross bookings and revenue growth of 30% and 36%, respectively. Importantly, we closed our acquisition of trivago in early March, and we're happy to have that business and team as part of the Expedia, Inc. family. trivago is an early-stage business growing very quickly, and we expect them to push on the gas pedal for quite a while. With less than 1 month of trivago in our results, they added a little more than 150 basis points of global revenue growth for the quarter. At the brand level, we continue to see healthy results for most of our brands with the notable recent exception of Hotwire, which is being challenged by 3 key trends: Firstly, the Domestic Car business has become increasingly challenging, primarily due to continued fleet constraints and associated efforts by rental car companies to drive up pricing. This environment creates clear challenges for the Opaque deep discount car rental business. In addition, Hotwire is probably the most countercyclical brand we have, so as economies stabilize and hoteliers see higher occupancy rates, the gap between Opaque pricing and retail pricing for consumers narrows, and this business comes under increased pressure. And lastly, the competitive intensity in the Opaque space has heated up with Hotwire's closest competitor recently launching a very similar deep discount product. To the upside, Hotwire is seeing nice international growth, but that business is not yet large enough to move the needle. Revenue from our air business grew 14% year-over-year. Ticket volume increased 9%, again largely due to our VIA Travel acquisition. Revenue per ticket was up 5%, primarily on volume incentive compensation for certain carriers. Note that because we will lap the VIA acquisition at the end of April, we don't expect such positive air trends to continue. Other revenue grew 29% for the quarter, primarily on growth in corporate travel fees, insurance and hotel metasearch revenue of trivago. In contrast, rental car revenue was a headwind. Now turning to key expense categories. Cost of revenue grew slightly faster than revenue in the first quarter, primarily on the impact of our acquisitions. On an organic basis, cost of revenue would have leveraged. As we expected, selling and marketing expense grew faster than revenue, primarily due to difficult comps, our continued marketing efforts to support improved product performance across our Expedia and Hotels.com brands, as well as our aggressive expansion in key international markets. Selling and marketing expense growth was also further amplified this quarter as a result of the inclusion of trivago's results, which added almost 400 basis points to selling and marketing expense growth for the quarter. As a result, looking forward, we now expect selling and marketing expense to grow faster in Q2 than it did in Q1, and the organic comps will get easier in Q3 and Q4. Growth rates will continue to be high throughout the year as the trivago team continues to invest aggressively to expand their scale and global footprint. Technology and content grew 27% year-over-year on higher headcount cost driven by continued investments in our key technology projects and fast growth and depreciation expense. For the remainder of 2013, we expect depreciation to grow sequentially in a pattern very similar to what you've seen over the past several quarters. As a result, we expect tech and content expense to continue to grow at relatively high rates on a reported basis but start looking better relative to revenue growth on a cash basis later this year. General and administrative expenses grew 19% for the first quarter with 700 basis points of growth coming from acquired businesses. In terms of capital allocation, since our last call, in addition to our dividend, we deployed nearly $700 million towards a combination of acquisitions and buybacks, closing our trivago acquisition and repurchasing 2 million shares for $127 million, an average price of $63.60 per share. Before covering financial expectations, I'd like to briefly highlight certain housekeeping items. First, there are some additional impacts to our P&L that will be driven by our trivago acquisition. In the back half of the year and in the future, we expect to see a significant increase in the minority or noncontrolling interest line on our P&L to account for the 37% of trivago currently held by minority shareholders. While not applicable to adjusted EBITDA, this will impact net income and adjusted net income. We're also expecting interest income to be negatively impacted by the cash outlay for trivago. Please note that interest income will also be reduced by cash paid per share repurchases so far in 2013, along with the payments we expect to make to Hawaii. Second, you may have noticed that our GAAP and ANI tax rates were anomalous this quarter. The GAAP impact was driven in part by a couple of sizable, nondeductible expenses, while ANI rate was driven in part by some favorable tax impacts from recent U.S. tax legislation. Though quite difficult to predict, for full year, we are estimating the effective rate of about 25%. Turning to our financial expectations for full year 2013. We continue to expect adjusted EBITDA growth in the low double digits with the possibility of hitting the low teens. Note that we have added adjusted EBITDA for trivago to our forecast in the range of $20 million to $30 million. However, we have reduced our organic forecast by a similar amount due primarily to the challenges we are seeing at Hotwire. In terms of the shape of the year, we now expect all of our annual adjusted EBITDA dollar growth to come in the back half of the year. With that, let's turn to questions. Operator, would you please remind listeners how to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies & Company.
Brian Patrick Fitzgerald - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: With now over 25% of your global room nights under the agency model with ETP, have you seen better conversion there? And you highlighted that the drivers there are varied based on geography and mix, but what level do you think longer term you can get to on Hotel Collect?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Just to be specific, the 25% number is an overall agency number, and a significant amount of that agency number is eLong in China. So our ETP volumes aren't close to this 25% number. They're significantly lower than that, although they're going to be ramping up over a period of time as we launch more ETP hotels. And as we said, we've seen those ETP hotels perform better than non-ETP hotels. As far as the long term goes, so far, based on what we see, we are seeing around 50-50 percent volume between Hotel Collect and Expedia Collect, which would suggest 50% agency, 50% merchant. However, there is a significant amount of package inventory that we sell, prepaid inventory, that we sell as well. So based on the evidence that we see to date, we think that the agency portion of Expedia volume is going to be less than 50%. But it's very, very early. And I will tell you again that we're not focused on the percentage between agency collect and Expedia Collect. We want the best experience for our consumers. So we don't have an agenda here. The only agenda is to drive -- drive kind of consumer preference. We are seeing higher conversion. We're seeing higher average rates from ETP as well. We are seeing higher cancellation rates. So a lot of this has to work itself out, but we do think that ETP over long term is definitely going to be a positive for the company.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ross Sandler with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just 2 questions. So first, on the guidance. Mark, you just said a $20 million to $30 million reduction in EBITDA for the core business x trivago from Hotwire weakness. That's not really a new trend. So is this something new that you're seeing early in the year? Or is this extra conservatism in that guidance? And then the second question for Dara, you stated recently that Expedia spends around $250 million per year on Google. And I think your largest competitor is closer to $800 million per year. Obviously, there's different geographic and product mix between the two of you but as you shift more money to Google, over the next few years, how do you think that will impact the overall ad efficiency at Expedia?
Mark D. Okerstrom: All right. Ross, so with respect to Hotwire, there certainly was incremental weakness in Q1. And really, as you pointed out, the compression issues that we were seeing in Hotwire started with Superstorm Sandy, and what we were expecting to see is once that worked its way through the system, things would return to normal. And instead, what we saw, in large part due to the consolidation that's happened in the car rental space, is that the rental car companies essentially took the opportunity to keep capacity constrained and to push upgrades. And that was something that we certainly had no track record in forecasting because we have gone from many rental car companies to an amount that I can really count on one hand. And so it's just very difficult to call, and that did catch us by surprise. And I think secondly, the competitive intensity part has heated up with respect to Hotwire's primary competitor advertising their new product pretty heavily, and I think that had an impact that we were not anticipating to the degree that we saw. Now with respect to the full year impact, we are basically forecasting that business such that we don't see any material change from what we've seen today. We have no reason to believe that things will get better. So whether or not that's conservative, I don't know. I would say it's just prudent forecast on our part.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And then as far as our spend on Google, we don't specifically want to disclose how much we spent on various channels. I will say that we do believe that the Google channel is a significant opportunity for us. We have focused on that channel quite a bit across Hotels.com, Expedia and many of our brands. And in general, our spend and volume from Google has been increasing at a very significant rate on a year-on-year basis as we have improved our processes there, as our supply basis improved, as we've skilled [ph] up the group and also invested in technology and conversion. So that said, we have stated before that we do see our variable channels, Google is one of our variable channels growing, in general, faster than our other channels, especially in international emerging markets. We don't see that stopping anytime soon. Our efficiencies from variable channels in general are higher or they're less efficient than our direct channels. So we certainly do see some pressure on the marketing front as those variable channels grow very fast. We are seeing some encouraging signs that as we invest in those variable channels, more customers are coming to us directly, our repeat customer base is increasing as well, which is an offset to the margins -- to the margin pressure that I talked about. So really, the question is from a long-term standpoint, how were those 2 going to offset each other? But we do treat each channel separately. We look at each geography separately, and to the extent that the mix hurts our margins, that's not necessarily something that we care about as long as it's a good result. So we do view our Google volume increasing as being good result. And we do think that we will be able to offset some of that adverse marketing mix with leveraging our cost of sales line, leveraging our G&A from a long-term standpoint. So when I look at the whole P&L on a holistic basis, we believe that we're in a pretty good space.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mark Mahaney with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Two questions, please. Dara, any comments on demand conditions in different geographic markets, and I guess particularly in Europe, anything that suggests stability, improvement, and deterioration? And then I don't know if you'd be willing to comment at all about the Google EU proposed solution settlement, whatever it is, and whether that would be good for companies like yourself? Any thoughts on whether that's beneficial to you?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Mark. As far as geos goes, nothing particularly different this quarter than the last quarter. We're pretty satisfied with our -- with our demand broadly, and we do see some weakness in Southern Europe. That's a trend that's been going on for some period of time, and we certainly haven't seen that change. But otherwise, it's business as usual for us. As far as the Google situation, we're just reviewing the proposed commitments. I'd say on a very preliminary basis, we don't think that the commission has gone far enough, and it looks like they're going to allow Google to kind of continue to use their dominant position, which we think, long term, is a bad thing for consumers. So we think that Google favoring their internal product over third-party results reduces choice, stifles innovation over a long term, and we think that's a bad thing for consumers. But again, that's based on a very, very preliminary look at the commission's findings so far.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Naved Khan with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Dara, can you talk about the competitive environment in the domestic market in the last quarter, particularly given the advertising push by Booking.com?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. We aren't really seeing too many differences. Domestically, our room night growth has been very solid with 15%. And we are seeing Booking.com aggressive on the international front. We haven't necessarily seen that affect our businesses. We're quite happy with our growth rates, and we think that we continue to gain share domestically certainly in the overall lodging markets. We do see Booking.com engage in some behavior as far as their display, their price display goes, especially from markets outside of the U.S., where they really never showed the consumer ultimately what the consumer is going to pay, and we know that they've got the technology to do so. They never really display the full price, and we display full price for consumers, especially when they're going to run their credit card and they're going to click on the buy button. So we think that's an issue that we're looking at, and we'll take a look at how we respond to that. But otherwise, at this point, we're pretty happy with the domestic marketplace and the growth there, and we continue to take our competition, especially Booking.com, quite seriously.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then quickly on trivago, do you plan to deploy it in more geographies now that you acquired it? I mean, more or less, can you just sketch out the plans that you have for this year and really just looking out a couple of years?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, yes, definitely, we do expect to enter new geographies quite aggressively. trivago has been very successful expanding across Europe, and is both investing in and growing quite quickly across European geographies. The team there is very good at testing and learning the effect of both offline and online marketing in new geographies and very carefully test and learn into new geos. They are coming into the U.S., and they're seeing some encouraging numbers in the U.S. We're seeing some encouraging numbers in Canada as well, and they will continue to expand geographically quite aggressively. Our agenda for trivago is revenue growth first. And we think that there's a lot of potential there. It's just a terrific service and a terrific team.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Tom White with Macquarie.
Thomas C. White - Macquarie Research: One on trivago. I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about its traffic mix between paid and organic sources. Sounds like the addition of trivago for part of the quarter was a significant contributor to that ramp in sales and marketing spend. And then just secondarily on ETP, I was wondering if you could sort of characterize the types of hotels that are signing up? I saw Accor and La Quinta. Is it still mostly the larger chains? Should we expect that the smaller and sort of independent players will do it? Is it a question of resources for them? How should we think about that?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. So trivago has a healthy mix of traffic across the channels. But really the distinguishing factor for them versus a traditional OTA is that they are very much about brand building and particularly television advertising. So they would skew disproportionately into direct type-in type traffic or branded traffic versus other players that would have a much broader mix. And they did have a big impact on our sales and marketing line this quarter, and that's something you'll continue to see certainly throughout the year. And I would remind you that we had about 23 days out of a total of 90 for the quarter of trivago in our results. So I would just take that into consideration. With respect to ETP, so far, the mix has been a lot of chains. I would say that on the chain side, it's probably about 1/2 chains, 1/2 independents. A lot of that is a result of the fact that you can just be a little bit more efficient with your discussions in chains. You can certainly sign up a lot more hotels with fewer conversations, and I wouldn't take that necessarily as a view on who likes it best. We feel pretty good about what we're seeing so far across chains and independents, and we're very pleased with the reaction. Our suppliers seem to like it, and the numbers we're seeing suggest that it's been great for those who have signed up, and we hope to see a very representative mix of our hotel partners signing up for this in increasing numbers as the year progresses.
Mark D. Okerstrom: And I would say that our relationships with our chain partners are quite deep. We've invested pretty heavily in them, and they're quite sophisticated, both operationally and financially. And frankly, when they see some of the ETP numbers, they see the great results, and for the most part, are working with us quite aggressively.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Eric Sheridan with UBS.
Eric James Sheridan - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: One question on revenue per night -- I'm sorry with the ADR growth. We got back to flat this quarter after sort of multiple quarters of it being down based on some of the issues you worked through last year. Can you just give us some sense of what you're seeing now on a going-forward basis with the trajectory on ADR growth?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. Well, so far, I would say ADR growth in -- if you exclude Asia-Pacific, is pretty healthy, I think, across the markets that we're seeing. It should [ph] have been low single digits. The U.S. is certainly there. Europe would be a little bit lower. Across our business in Asia, of course, the numbers are down. And that's primarily a mix-driven issue for us more than anything.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Douglas Anmuth with JPMorgan.
Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Dara, you talked about increasing your ad spend with Google pretty nicely and in search. But I just want to hear a little bit more just about how you're thinking about sort of your ROI in search, given the platform upgrades and your higher conversion rates, what's happening in general with your ROIs and then also where you are with the packages platform migration and the benefits you're seeing there.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Douglas. As far as search goes, our approach has been to keep our ROIs essentially constant and translate our conversion gains into higher volumes. So we definitely have a choice to make, which is we could translate our conversion gains into better efficiency and higher profitability. The other choice that you can make is to the extent you view -- you drive conversion is to increase your CPC bid at essentially the same efficiencies that you had in the past. And broadly, those are the -- that's the choice that we're making at this point. We are efficient in our search volumes. So typically, we don't go into a loss position, but we are translating our conversion gains into volume. At some point, we may change that, but at this point, we think it's the right strategic decision. And we are seeing some of those decisions result in better repeat rates, et cetera, for consumers, and we certainly see that as being a good trend. On the package platform migration, we are early. But the results are encouraging. We've launched on Expedia in the U.S. for some of our simpler packages: our package end-to-end product. It has resulted in higher conversions. And we are in the process of now rolling out that product on a worldwide basis. We will then expand. Right now, it's really for flight and hotels, the simplest form of packages, and then we'll get into more complex packages. So really the phase now is we've got it done. It works. It works well. We're going to expand it so that we get as many people using the product as possible. And then we'll get into our test and learn. And I think what we've seen with our hotel path is that while there is goodness in the initial flip over to the new platform, there's more goodness as you test and learn and as you experiment. And that's certainly something that we hope to see on the package side.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Michael Millman with Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: While it's in its early days, can you talk about what you see with sequestration going forward, certainly getting a lot of press now, how it -- or if you're seeing anything currently? And regarding car rental, you said prices are up. And I think maybe you can quantify that. And why is that a bad thing? I would assume you just pass that through and your commission actually is helped by those prices.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Michael. As far as sequestration, it's really too soon to tell. It's only been a couple of days, and our results can be quite up and down on a daily basis. And at this point, we haven't seen any trends that are worth calling out. I will say that we hope that its resolved. There's no reason why American consumers shouldn't travel. We've made it hard enough. Let's not make it harder. So we very much support what our travel supply partners, their voice, and we hope that this does resolve itself because it's certainly not necessary to go on like this. As far as car goes, the higher prices are certainly not a bad thing. But they do affect their volume, especially on Hotwire, where we've got consumers who are quite price-sensitive. So what we see when car prices go up is typically, a lower percentage of our Hotwire car volumes go through the Opaque channel, which is on balance and more attractive channel to us. And we do see a reduction in volume, especially amongst the very price-sensitive consumer, and certainly the Hotwire consumer is a price-sensitive consumer. So the team is working through it. But it's definitely something that did affect us for the first quarter, and we're hoping that trends get a bit better on the balance of the year.
Operator: Our next question is from the Ken Sena with Evercore Partners.
Kenneth Sena - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: So your mobile app download has been very strong, and now I just wanted to see if you could give us maybe a little bit more information on relative engagement, either to mobile web usage or just in terms of monetization relative to desktop?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, in general, we're quite pleased with our mobile efforts. And I think there are 3 segments that we look at. One is mobile downloaded apps. Second is mobile handset volumes. And then the third is tablet. We are -- as a percentage of our total volume, our downloaded apps are increasing, and that's a good thing. We're investing significant dollar amounts in order to drive downloads. We passed the 30 million mark. We are continuing to grow at a rapid pace. An obvious benefit of our download is that after you pay for that consumer, to the extent that you've got an app that they engage in and they keep, they tend to come direct versus coming through other channels. And we are seeing that behavior, and we're encouraged by that behavior, which is why we're investing as aggressively in product and marketing on the download side. On the mobile web side, that business continues to grow, and we're really working hard on learning about more ways to attract consumers on mobile web and continuing to build responsive sites that work just as well for the handset or the tablet as they do on the desktop. We do think that we've got a conversion opportunity here in general. For example, our tablet conversion isn't quite as strong as the desktop conversion. And we think that as we make the sites more responsive, as we simplify the sites, we can drive conversion over tablet and tablet-like devices. So it's really about investment in product, like Expedia itinerary, and then it's really making all of our sites responsive as well.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Justin Post with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Paul Bieber: This is Paul Bieber for Justin. I guess related to the previous question, is there any reason to believe the margin deleverage could end at some point in the industry given the increasing mix of mobile and also international marketing -- international market maturity? And then a second question, can you comment on the degree to which macro ETP and then just better conversion rates are contributing to stronger room night growth?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. I think on the deleverage, listen, we could end marketing deleverage tomorrow. Right, Paul? So these are investments that we are making in mobile and international markets. When we look at most of our international markets that are maturing on a stand-alone basis, margins do tend to improve as these markets mature. But it's really the mix of the markets that's causing some of the marketing deleverage. And because we're seeing the pattern of being able to mature these international markets, we think that as we continue over a long period of time, we should see strong revenue growth and we should see some of that deleverage ease. But at this point, the opportunity on the international side, the opportunity to bring in some of that variable volume is an opportunity that we think is worth taking near term. And we think we can grow that top line aggressively and grow bottom lines as well. And we think the balance at this point is a pretty good balance. As far as ETP and better conversion, the -- on ETP itself, I think that ETP volumes are still too small to be really affecting overall numbers. But as the year progresses and especially going into Q4 and going to next year, we do think that ETP volume is going to be material, and if the trends, the early trends, that we're seeing now hold, it should be a conversion positive and it should be a volume positive going to next year. Otherwise, a lot of the conversion strength that we're seeing comes from the good work of the Hotels.com team and Expedia teams on the technology side. We continue to improve the product, and we think that there's still continued opportunity to improve the product.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Kevin Kopelman with Cowen and Company.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Just a quick question on mobile. Could you give us any update on what percentage of transactions are being driven through mobile devices?
Dara Khosrowshahi: That's not something that we disclose on a regular basis, Kevin. But you've seen the download numbers, and they're very healthy. And mobile, again, we think, is a great positive for us.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Sure. And just one other question, the ETP rollout. Do you have any sense of why such a high percentage of consumers continue to choose Expedia Collect even when they have the option to defer?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. Well, listen, there's lots of reasons. I think we're -- I'll give you a couple of examples, but I think our overall approach is we're trying to remove friction for whatever reason. But some of the things we've seen, anecdotally, is as we have seen currencies devalue, people taking long booking window trips, want to lock in their trip to the U.S. now at current prices. So they're happier to prepay than to wait. That's one example. There are a group of consumers or a type of consumers who feel a lot more comfortable that they've actually got a room where they want to stay when they paid for it in advance. So there's a bunch of reasons why people want to pay now. There's a bunch of people -- reasons why they want to pay later. And we're in the business of just doing whatever our consumers would like to choose and making that easy for them and making it easier for them to find the right hotel.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Michael Purcell with Stifel Nicholas.
Michael B. Purcell - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I was hoping we could move back to trivago for a second. When the purchase was made last fall, I believe the run rate was about $132 million of revs or so. And if I do my math here, I think you said 150 basis points of revenue contributed in the quarter, which you now call it low double digits, millions of revenue and about 400 basis points in expenses. So that's a little bit higher. So my first question is I was wondering if there was a negative impact to your consolidated EBITDA from trivago for the quarter. And then secondly, I was wondering if you can give us some kind of thought as how fast trivago is growing.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. So for the quarter, the impact to EBITDA was immaterial. It is a pretty -- right now, anyway, it's a pretty back-end loaded business generally largely due to the growth they're driving. Again, they're very much an off-line advertising-driven business, and that's a business that spends pretty consistently and ahead of demand. So when you're in such a high-growth mode, it ultimately ends up with some decent back-end loading. In terms of growth rates, again, I don't want to update what we said prior, but it has been a business that has been able to double revenue every year for the last 4 years. At some point, the law of large numbers starts to kick in and growth rates have slowed. But it's a high-growth business. We're going to invest aggressively behind them, behind the team. We think it's a great product. It's getting great traction, and there's just tons of headroom for it to expand globally.
Operator: And I will turn it back to Alan Pickerill for any closing remarks.
Alan Pickerill: Okay. Yes, thanks, everybody, for your interest in Expedia and for joining us on the call today. Dara, any closing remarks?
Dara Khosrowshahi: No, just thank you very much for joining us on the call. We're early in the year, but I think we're off to a solid start. So thank you to all the Expedia, Inc. employees and special welcome to the team trivago to the Expedia family. We look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Expedia Incorporated First Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. Should you like to listen to a replay of today's call, please dial 1 (800) 406-7325 or (303) 590-3030 with the access code of 4613367. AT&T would like to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-05 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Pickerill Dara Khosrowshahi - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Mark D. Okerstrom - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Corporate Development
Analysts: Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Brian Patrick Fitzgerald - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Stephen Ju - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Thomas C. White - Macquarie Research Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division Brian Nowak - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Scott W. Devitt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Chad Bartley - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Michael B. Purcell - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Expedia Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Alan Pickerill, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Alan Pickerill: Thanks, Alicia. Good afternoon and welcome to Expedia, Inc.'s Financial Results Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Year Ended December 31, 2012. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, Expedia's CEO and President; and Mark Okerstrom, our CFO. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, February 5, 2013, only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate or similar statements. Please refer to today's press release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You will find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the company's IR website at expediainc.com/ir. I encourage you to periodically visit our Investor Relations site for important content, including today's earnings release. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense, and technology and content expense, excludes stock-based compensation and all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2011. And with that, let me turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Alan. The fourth quarter finished off a very solid year for Expedia. At the beginning of the year, we told you about 5 strategic focus areas for the company: First, turning around the performance of Brand Expedia. Second, growing our global hotel business. Third, investments in and execution on key technology projects. Fourth, further developing our international growth opportunities. And fifth, succeeding in new channels such as mobile and social. I'm pleased to report that we've executed effectively in each of these areas, which has resulted in continued acceleration in room night growth and revenue on a global basis. Looking forward to 2013, our strategic priorities remain largely the same, which I consider a positive. As they relate to Brand Expedia, we can safely say that we've turned Brand Expedia around. Now, we have to prove that we can grow it over a multiyear period as we have with Hotels.com, EAN and our other brands. Much of our improved performance has been a result of investments that we made on technology and content, upgrading global platforms across several brands and creating or upgrading unified back-end systems to support our customers, suppliers and transactional infrastructure. The capabilities of our technology teams have improved dramatically. Throughput is up, conversion is up and we're increasingly confident in our ability to identify and deliver on new projects and products with real returns. Just as importantly, our technology and business teams are working together more closely than ever. The goal of our investments isn't technology for technology's sake, but building great products that serve and delight our customers in a highly competitive marketplace. Looking ahead to 2013 and beyond, we see a market with significant challenges and great promise. In terms of challenges, we expect competitive intensity to increase. The European hotel business of our largest competitor recently introduced the brand marketing campaign in the U.S. and its parent company announced its intention to acquire that leading U.S. metasearch player. When taken together, these events create a much larger domestic competitor in terms of traffic, brand and product. We continue to see Google and TripAdvisor experiment and innovate with their products, both continuing to be large and growing sources of traffic globally and we'll be working with them while watching how their products and services evolve. On a promising note, we're gaining share in the $1 trillion global travel market, and have significant headroom for further growth. Our global Hotel business continues to improve broadly; Hotels.com continues its strong global growth; Expedia is accelerating with some early positive signs from the Package business; EAN is successfully powering partner sites with a real focus on the best technology and service in the private label space; Hotwire is expanding internationally; eLong has been taking hotel room night share in the important and promising Chinese market; and Egencia continues to expand the number of business travelers it serves worldwide. Underscoring all of this, we're signing contracts with more and more hotels under our ETP program, with almost 20,000 hotels now signed up and 1/3 of those live in production. Excluding eLong, our Hotel Collect or agency room nights now make up roughly 10% of our total global room nights, and are growing at rates substantially faster than Expedia Collect or merchant room nights. Last and certainly not least, we announced that we agreed to acquire a majority position in trivago, a leading European-based hotel metasearch business. trivago is a high-growth business that has built a strong brand and a major presence in several large European countries that are very strategic to us. Our multibrand strategy has always been driven by our knowledge that consumers love to shop around. The trivago business is one more way they can do that and with their global growth ambitions, we're excited to see what that highly capable team can deliver as part of the Expedia family. Thanks to the hard work and dedicated efforts of our global employees and partners, we had a strong 2012. And although we're well-positioned to continue to grow, we know that our challenges moving forward will be greater than they ever have been. Mark?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Thanks, Dara. We were quite pleased with our results in the fourth quarter, which would've been even a bit better had it not been for Superstorm Sandy. Total revenue grew 24% year-over-year, representing the fastest quarterly revenue growth in 5 years. As has become a recurring theme, this growth was driven by robust hotel revenue growth of 25% on record room night growth of 33%. Domestic room nights grew 19%, while international room nights were up 49% for the quarter. And at a brand level, our most significant brands continued to host very healthy room night growth this quarter, with Q4 room night growth coming in faster than Q3 in every major global region. Revenue per room night continued to decline at rates similar to what we have seen all year, primarily driven by shifting hotel product mix, including the fast growth of our APAC hotel business. As we've said in the past, we'll gladly take lower revenue per room night in favor of expanding market share in these important markets. Note that hotel revenue represented 74% of our total revenue mix for both the fourth quarter and for full-year 2012. Revenue from our Air business grew 10% year-over-year. Ticket volume increased 12%, largely due to our VIA Travel acquisition, which we closed in Q2 of 2012, while revenue per ticket declined 2% for the quarter. Other revenue grew 25% for the quarter, primarily on growth in corporate travel fees, again as a result of our VIA acquisition. We also saw solid performances for our insurance and advertising products. Running through key expense categories, cost of revenue grew slightly little slower than revenue in the quarter. Consistent with last quarter, a fair bit of this growth was the result of the VIA Travel acquisition, without which, cost of revenue would've levered significantly. Our customer operations team has done a great job implementing new tools and processes that improve the customer experience while at the same time, leveraging our cost. Overall, our recent customer satisfaction scores are at an all-time high. As we expected, selling and marketing expense grew faster than revenue. We continue to have a bias towards reinvesting marketing efficiencies back into the business in order to drive our top line growth. As we continue to improve our products and overall customer experiences across the globe, we are increasingly confident in our ability to generate returns from more aggressive spend in variable channels and emerging markets. Most of the year-over-year dollar growth this quarter came from increased performance-based marketing for Brand Expedia and Hotels.com. We also paid out more in commissions on the growth of our Expedia Affiliate Network business. Technology and content grew 32% year-over-year on higher headcount cost, driven by the investments we've been making in our key technology projects and to a lesser extent, higher bonus funding versus last year. Please note that as we release new technology, we also experienced significantly higher depreciation expense associated with previously capitalized software development cost. General and administrative expenses grew at the same rate as revenue this quarter, a bit higher than we'd like to see, driven by higher bonus funding relative to last year, the year-over-year impact of the VIA Travel acquisition and professional fees associated with the trivago transaction. Excluding these items, G&A would've leveraged nicely. You will also have noticed a $110 million charge that we recorded this quarter related to an unfavorable excise tax ruling in Hawaii. In certain rare cases, we are required to remit cash ahead of contesting adverse tax rulings. Suffice it to say, we vehemently disagree with the court ruling in Hawaii and we plan to appeal. I would also like to note that this excise tax matter is unique to Hawaii and is unrelated to, and we believe will have no bearing on, the occupancy tax matters that have been raised in other tax jurisdictions. Consistent with prior practice, we have excluded this pay to play expense amount from adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net income. In terms of capital allocation over the course of 2012, we returned nearly $530 million to shareholders through a combination of buybacks and dividends, including our special dividend of $0.52 per share, which we paid out in December. We also deployed over $200 million against acquisitions to further strengthen our competitive position around the world and our expected financial performance going forward. Now, I'd like to cover our financial expectations for 2013. For full year 2013, we are expecting to see adjusted EBITDA growth in the low double-digit range with the possibility of hitting the low teens. In terms of specific line items, we are forecasting both cost of revenue and general and administrative expenses to grow slower than revenue. We expect selling and marketing expenses to grow faster than revenue for the full year, especially in the first half. During which time, you should expect year-over-year percentage growth, broadly in line with what you have seen from us over the last few quarters. If you recall the first half of 2012, we were more conservative on marketing spend as we worked on enhancing the Brand Expedia product. With much of that work behind us now, we expect to spend aggressively in marketing both in variable channels and emerging markets. We are forecasting technology and content expense to grow faster than revenue for the full year, but for the pace of that growth to moderate as we move through the year. Note that tech and content will be particularly impacted by much higher depreciation, which has been growing significantly on a sequential basis for the past few years and likely will continue doing so through 2013. In terms of our expected tax rate for 2013, we're forecasting an effective rate in the range of 25% to 27%. Over the past 2 years, we've had the benefit of some favorable discrete items, and we can't guarantee that will continue. So rolling it all up, we are expecting to deliver another solid year, with adjusted EBITDA growth building through the quarters, most of it coming in the back half of the year. I will remind you that although we are carrying some nice momentum, Q1 will face particularly difficult expense comps, and because it is the smallest seasonal quarter for EBITDA, growth rates can be highly sensitive to small variances in either revenue or expenses. Note also that our financial expectations discussed today do not include any impact from the trivago transaction since that deal has not yet closed. With that, let's turn to questions. Operator, would you please remind listeners on how to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Ross Sandler with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just 2 quick questions on kind of the marketing and the room night growth. So your marketing mix is different than some of your larger competitors and smaller competitors because your geographies and your channels are different, but if you just take the room night growth acceleration combined with only kind of slight marketing deleverage, you're clearly getting more efficient with your spend. So can you talk about what's driving that efficiency? And then the second question is, I think you said international room nights are accelerating in all regions, 49% versus the 38% last quarter. Can you just give us some more granularity on which regions outside the U.S. are seeing the most acceleration?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Ross. As far as the marketing spend and deleverage and efficiency there, I'd say it's a combination of factors: One is that we are, in general, seeing higher conversion in some of our brands. Hotels.com continues to do really, really good work on the products side and the technology side to drive conversion, Brand Expedia as well, with newer technology platform, has significantly more capability on that side and as a result, has been seeing conversion tailwinds as well. So the higher conversion allows us to spend up and spend up especially in variable marketing channels. But because we're spending up with higher conversion, we're able to off spend some of that higher spend with higher revenue. So you don't quite see the marketing deleverage that you would expect. Another factor behind our marketing mix is that we are looking more carefully at certain placements, certain marketing placements that are, call it, lower quality. The capabilities of our marketing teams or analytics in general are better, and we're kind of taking a harder look at our different marketing channels, different placements and trying to find the placements that aren't efficient and then get rid of those placements and reallocate the capital to placements that do tend to be more efficient. So those are the 2 positives. The negatives that we have talked about are that we are seeing faster growth on variable channels and variable channels tend to be less efficient for us, and we are investing aggressively in foreign markets, especially in emerging markets and those emerging markets are certainly less efficient for us as well. As far as the room night growth, internationally, all of the regions are doing better. So I think if you line up our regions, obviously, in the U.S., we've had very healthy growth. The next largest region for us is EMEA, and EMEA room night growth accelerated from Q4 compared to Q3. And then of course, Asia Pacific with eLong, with Hotels.com performing really well. EAN is getting some leverage there with our area joint venture, the Asia Pacific numbers are accelerating and getting larger as a percentage of a whole. And then of course, Latin America is a really promising market. So the growth rates have been improving broadly and I think that, that's due to better process and better conversion and just better execution from the teams.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies.
Brian Patrick Fitzgerald - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I want to know if we could get any additional color on mobile, what usage trends you're seeing maybe from mobile apps or maybe what percentage of mobile traffic is transactional versus kind of browsing or comparison shopping?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. Mobile continues to be a nice tailwind for us. We have, on an Expedia, Inc. level now, over 20 million downloads of our mobile apps across the various brands. Hotels.com, Expedia, Hotwire are all being aggressive on the mobile front. eLong is being aggressive on the mobile front as well. In general, mobile accounts for about 20% of our transactions. I'd say that's a broad number, higher in the U.S., lower outside of the U.S. And the behavior, the mobile behavior, really hasn't changed much in that most of the mobile bookings, especially on handsets, do tend to be last minute. I think the big difference that we see going into 2013 for mobile is really incorporating more responsive design into our various websites as it relates for tablet web. We're seeing a real proliferation of different shapes and sizes of tablets, and as opposed to designing different sites for the different tablets, our approach is going to be to come up with designs that can respond to the various tablet sizes. We think it's a nice opportunity and we're really just getting started there. So we're optimistic on mobile. We think it's a nice opportunity and should be a nice growth area for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Ju with Crdit Suisse.
Stephen Ju - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: You're calling out that APAC is a good source of growth for you guys, but my understanding is that most of eLong's volume right now is travel domestically in China, but I'm wondering how quickly outbound traffic out of China to your inventory base in the U.S. and Europe is growing right now, and what that opportunity might eventually be for you? It seems like to me that the amount of consumer spend on travel coming out of China should over the longer term [ph], approach that of the U.S. and Europe.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I think Stephen, you're exactly right. The outbound volumes from eLong are growing very, very quickly but they're growing off of a small base right now. If you compare eLong, for example, with Ctrip, I think Ctrip had an earlier focus on the outbound volume. eLong has been very much focused on the local Chinese consumer and we thought that, that's the consumer that you hit first. eLong now is working more closely with our other brands and working quite closely with our private label business, with the EAN team. And the outbound business out of China is now starting to grow very quickly. We think it's a large long-term opportunity but we don't think it's going to be a significant percentage of our overall business in the next 2 to 3 years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom White with Macquarie.
Thomas C. White - Macquarie Research: One more on mobile and the big shift to mobile Internet usage. Can you just provide a little bit color about how we should think about how that affects your competitive positioning in international hotels, I guess specifically, European hotels? And should we think about mobile making it -- the shift to mobile making it easier or harder for you guys to potentially take share from incumbents in that market? And then also, any color about how we should think about kind of the payback period if you will, for some of the investments in driving mobile app downloads?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Tom, I think it's too soon to tell and honestly, we're not that particular on our mobile investments to think about the differing results between the U.S. and Europe. We think mobile tends to be a natural opportunity for online travel agencies. We -- because technology is our -- is core to what we do, I think you'll notice that in mobile, the product coming out of OTAs in general has been very good. We've seen some interesting players in there like Hotel Tonight, but we haven't seen that many kind of disruptive technologies out yet on mobile. Although I think it's still early so it could -- while it's a near-term opportunity, it could be a threat. But I think just as you saw with broadband Internet, OTAs gather the early share. I think mobile has been an opportunity for ourselves and our competitors to gain share early. I think it's way too soon to say which OTA is doing better than the other players. I think all of us in general are doing pretty well, and I think if you talk to any of the OTA players, they would all name mobile as one of their fast-growing channels. As far as the payback period on the download investments, again, I'd say too soon to tell. We take kind of a 1-year view of things but we don't have enough history as far as looking at how a user who downloads an app, what their lifetime value is and we're pretty early in having those kinds of measurements. So we really haven't developed what I'll call a mature framework at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Naved Khan with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: A couple of questions. So I saw a nice increase in the number of properties. I'm wondering if you signed any major agreements that caused this jump. And then secondly, just on the Expedia Traveler Preference program, it just seems like you are at this 20,000 mark and you have roughly 200,000 properties. So how aggressive do you expect to be this year in rolling it out?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. Thanks, Naved. One of the big reasons for the jump was the inclusion of eLong inventory for the first time. I think as we mentioned a quarter or so ago, we did enter into a new arrangement with eLong where we're working much more closely with them. We now have eLong inventory much more readily available on our Hotels.com site globally, and we're working on it for Expedia. And then we just had some organic acquisition around the world as well. With respect to ETP, I think it's too early to tell how quickly we'll rollout. I think as we said early on, we would be rolling out, really gated by a couple of things: one was the results we were seeing as we rolled it out; and two was really just the operational complexity of making sure that you got all the hotels trained up and transfer of the new platform and that your new -- your internal processes around collections, et cetera, were up to snuff. So far, we like what we see. As you can see versus last quarter, we have made some good progress on adding incremental hotels and we're going to continue to work throughout 2013. But so far, we're happy with it and would expect to see a similar, if not, faster pace of rollout throughout 2013.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Okay, then. And then quickly on the guidance, Mark, does it reflect the cost associated with the integration of trivago or does it exclude it?
Mark D. Okerstrom: So there is nothing for trivago in our guidance, whatsoever right now.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And I think I'd add that there's no intention of any kind of trivago integration. So the business is going to be run separately if we're lucky enough to have it as part of the family. So I don't anticipate any kind of integration cost anyway.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak with Nomura.
Brian Nowak - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I have 2. I guess, the first, Dara, I guess you sounded a little more cautious on the U.S., mentioning competitive intensity increasing with -- Priceline has increased brand marketing and then the Kayak deal. Are you seeing any changes in the market now with the shopper traffic or is there anything that's making you sound more cautious or is that just kind of me reading into your tone too much? And then the second question on mobile, I guess I have to add a mobile just to kind of follow suit. I'd be curious for your commentary on apps versus browser mobile transactions. Are you seeing a healthy mix of both or is one of those channels really dominating the other one from a transactional perspective?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Brian. As far as the U.S. goes, I think it's reflective of what we see in the marketplace. We've got the biggest worldwide player in lodging, Booking.com, now with a pretty aggressive advertising campaign in the U.S. They've been successful on a worldwide basis, and they certainly seem to be quite committed to the U.S. market, and I think we have to take that very seriously. So that's really the only thing that it reflects and we'll see what happens. The good news is for us, our U.S. volumes continue to move forward at very, very healthy levels, and we're hopeful that it continues. On mobile, as far as apps versus browser, what we are seeing is that on smartphones, the split between apps and browser transactions tends to be around 50-50. So we see kind of a balanced mix between the smartphone app and the browser and obviously, we're optimizing for both. Tablet transactions tend to have a higher mix on tablet web and that's why what you'll see is more of a focus for us on kind of responsive web design because that captures not only the PC customer but it can capture most tablet players out there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney with RBC.
Mark S. Mahaney - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Two questions. Dara, you mentioned some positive signs about packages. Could you talk a little bit more about the potential there? It seems that packages has been -- kind of plateaued as a percentage of overall bookings for a couple of years here. Do you think there's something new that could be done that would change that? And then secondly, could you just give any -- please, any macro color commentary on end-market demand, particularly in Europe? Anything that suggests to you that demand has stabilized or has improved or is getting less worse or is it pretty similar to what you saw earlier in the year?
Dara Khosrowshahi: On packages, we are seeing some early promising signs and on the Expedia side, we've moved over essentially 100% of our package shopping over to the new platform. And that has had some benefits as far as our ability to test and learn just like we did on the hotel side and removing errors, et cetera. It just -- the new platform allows us to be much more effective as far as the product that we present to the consumer. We are hoping to move the entire package platform over on an end-to-end basis, but that's hard work and we hope to get it done sooner rather than later. But that is very heavy lifting from a technology basis. I'd say package has some headwinds against it in that in general, in better times, suppliers are -- have less of an inclination to give deeply discounted inventory to players like us. So there's a headwind on the package side. There is a tailwind, though, in that package bookings tend to be longer dated. They tend to have higher ADRs and lower cancellation rates. So with some of our suppliers, they're seeing more and more last-minute business. And so that they put a very significant amount of value to the package booking because it helps them kind of get some early fill up of their hotels and then yield up as you get closer to the stay dates. I think that our most significant opportunity on the package side is going to be in Europe, the European summer sun and beach destinations are destinations that we haven't really, I think, got our fair share of and we're pretty focused in, in improving our inventory there, improving our lift into those beach destinations and we think that can be a pretty significant potential, although it's very, very early at this point. So we're optimistic, but we also realize that we're just -- we're sailing into the wind to some extent. And then on market demand in Europe in general, I'd say that's -- Europe remains largely the same. We saw a stable Europe last year. We saw more weakness in Southern Europe than call it, Northern Europe and we haven't seen much change. That said, I think a lot of the operational improvements that we put in place have allowed us to grow faster in Europe in Q4. So we're cautiously optimistic there.
Operator: Our next question, comes from the line of Doug Anmuth with JPMorgan.
Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Mark, if you could talk a little bit more about the EBITDA trajectory in 2013, and I guess in particular, you talked about lower growth in the first half. Just trying to understand how much of that is, in terms of maybe ranking of the priority, the reasons here because of VIA Travel or still rolling off the platform costs and then also the higher sales and marketing. If you could help us sort through that a little bit. And also, Dara, just on the ETP program, obviously, the numbers are up good in terms of properties. Can you talk a little bit about the consumer feedback that you're seeing there and the preference that customers are showing in terms of how they're booking?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So I think in terms of thinking through how 2013 will unfold, I think it's important to just take a look at how 2012 unfolded, which if you recall, the first couple of quarters, they came in a bit ahead of our expectations, largely as a result of us pulling back a bit on sales and marketing. As we were turning around Brand Expedia, we were a little bit more cautious. That creates some pretty hard comps for us as we go into 2013. The other factor that you mentioned was the addition of VIA Travel, and VIA Travel closed at the beginning of Q2. Q2, in terms of revenue growth, is about 200 bps; Q3, 300 bps; Q4, 400 bps. So you saw this sort of acceleration assistance, if you will, by VIA, which will get sort of one quarter in, in Q1 but then it will dissipate. And then I think the last big factor for 2012 was the fact that you saw Brand Expedia really turn around. And it started to accelerate through 2012. And that will create harder comps for us as we move through 2013. So if you roll that forward then to Q1, what you might expect to see is -- and really rolling through 2013, is increasingly hard comps rolling through the year on revenue and increasingly, call it easier comps on expenses, which results in a bit of a back end weighted plan, and that's certainly what we are -- what we're expecting. I would add though, that the one thing that you saw in 2012, which I would just caution you all about, that you may expect to see in 2013, is that the shape of 2012 did change as we moved through the year. And that's because we have really shortened the cycle times around how quickly we make capital allocation and planning decisions and how quickly we're able to execute things. This has been enabled [ph] by new business processes and really, a large part by the technology platforms that we've got in place now that allow us to iterate, test and learn much more quickly. So as we move through 2012, we were able to, as we saw strong performance on the top line, take that money, reinvest it in things. As we did to VIA Travel acquisition, we're able to make incremental decisions around technology integration and we're going to continue to do that in 2013. So the guidance we're giving you today is really a reasonable view based on what we can see right now but we will be making decisions through the year and we'll update you as we do so on the quarterly calls.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And then on ETP in general, the theory for us on ETP was -- and we've seen it in testing, that consumers prefer choice to either merchant or either agency and so far, that hasn't changed. Obviously, we're not at the point now where we have a significant amount of our traffic on ETP so I think it's too soon to either call it a success or not. But the patterns that we saw, which are hotels that are on ETP tend to produce better than hotels that are not, that remains true. And we are seeing an increase in average booking value for hotels that move on to ETP as well and obviously, that makes our ETP partners quite happy. So I'd say momentum is good but we're very, very early in the process right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Post with Merrill Lynch.
A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a couple of quick ones. First, Dara, obviously, you've mentioned conversion rates improving. When you think about the industry or your competitors, how much more room do you think you still have there? How far along are you on the platform or is it just up and running now and you've got a lot of room just on market share to kind of grab but not a lot of improvements still? And then just on the ADRs, is that really geographical mix or is there really pressure in any regions on ADRs?
Dara Khosrowshahi: So as far as conversion rates go, Justin, it's tough to tell. The Hotels.com team has been executing on their product and driving conversion for a good 2 to 3 years. Expedia, I'd say is in year 1 and we're hoping that it's a multiyear journey. I do think that it gets harder as the site gets better. One factor for us in conversion in 2013 is really going to be, how does ETP affect conversion and how do we look at the quality of our inventory, the description of our hotels, pictures, et cetera. How can the quality of our supply help our conversion in addition to kind of the technology work that we're doing on the front end. So we're hoping that it will continue to be a positive driver but it really is impossible to know when the music stops, so to speak.
Mark D. Okerstrom: And then, Justin, on ADRs, it continues to be similar trends to what we saw last quarter, predominantly geo mix with a really like-for-like ADRs staying pretty much where they had been on prior quarters.
A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And Mark, one follow-up. Just as you mix shift to ETP -- I'm sorry if I missed this question earlier. Can you talk about the puts and takes on conversion rates and maybe a little bit on cash flow just to kind of remind us on how that could affect financials in 2013?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So let me start with free cash flow. I think if you look at our year this year, you can see about $1 billion of free cash flow, of which a pretty significant chunk of the growth was driven by really working capital benefit. Depending on how much we mix to agency and I think as Dara said, right now, if you exclude eLong, this quarter, we're about 10% agency. Depending on how much we mixed agency, obviously, there would be an impact to working capital. But I think if you look at our balance sheet, you'll see we're well capitalized to handle that. With respect to the P&L, there are a couple of things I would call out just to be aware of. The most significant possibility of which is something we highlighted on the last call, which is that so far with Expedia Traveler Preference, what we've seen is it's been very popular with our chain partners. They've been great partners, signing up on the program. And we also, in our testing and what we've seen so far, have seen the most positive, call it, volume response from consumers outside of the U.S. And when you take those 2 factors and if you assume that there was a mix shift in our hotel business, more to chains, more in regions outside of the U.S., that could put pressure on our unit economics. So that's something I would just keep an eye on. I think you saw this quarter, we had revenue per room night down about 6%, consistent with what we've seen in the past. If ETP were to drive those mix shifts, you could see something in excess of that as we roll through 2013. The other sides of that, of course, which are too early to tell the impact, is you've got collection rates that impact it. It can show up in various spots. You've got credit card fees and you've got customer operations costs and more or less those things can generally end up being a wash on the P&L as we move things around in terms of geography. So it's too early to give you strict guidance on what will happen, but those are some of the things you might expect if we were to shift more so to agency.
A. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: But you're happy with ETP economics obviously, right?
Mark D. Okerstrom: We're very happy with it. I think we're doing this because we had a very positive consumer response in our tests. Our suppliers like it. We're removing friction from the marketplace. We think it's going to be great for the long-term prospects of Expedia.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray.
Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: A couple of quick ones. Are you acquiring trivago because it gives you a better foothold in certain geographies or because it gives you exposure to growth of online travel ads spend through a lead gen business that you previously had exposure to through TripAdvisor or maybe which of those 2 factors are more important to you? And then secondly, what's just kind of your assessment of the competitive environment in China that seems to have turned into a discounting more that is hitting the margins of some of the major competitors and does the opportunity there, long term, just outweigh the near-term kind of margin compression due to the intense discounting? Is that how you think about it?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think on trivago, the reason why we bought it was because we thought it was a great product and they've got a great team. It's as simple as that. It's a very simple hotel product. The inventory is quite broad because of the breadth of suppliers that are in the trivago marketplace. And that team has built a very good product and a terrific brand. It so happens that it's -- trivago's quite strong in the European markets that are strategic to us. But the first reason why we bought trivago was because of the product and because of the team there. As far as the competitive environment in China, the China market is -- it's an enormous market, it's an enormous long-term opportunity for us. We have been gaining share in that marketplace against our largest competitor and in general, in the marketplace for some period of time. And we view the investments that we're making in China as certainly worthwhile, and we think that those investments are going to really set us apart from other global Internet players who really haven't had much success in China. I think we're quite lucky to have a team in place in eLong, a team that's highly effective and executing quite well, and we're 100% behind them.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs.
Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if you could just give us a sense of the kind of 3 areas of macro, ETP and the way you're allocating your marketing spend. What would you say is sort of the breakdown on what's driving the growth in room nights between those 3 or perhaps you've got another factor I didn't list?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I think the top factor is probably product and technology. So I think that's a pretty significant factor behind our growth. I think next is probably the, I guess, you can call it the allocation of marketing spend. It's allowed us to spend increasing marketing moneys in new channels out there. Obviously, the macro environment is a decent macro environment for us and the other competitors out there. ETP, at this point, is not a material factor in our results. I think it will start to be material in the second half of next year. But at this point, it's really not material.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Kopelman with Cowen & Company.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Given the growing depreciation component of tech and content expense, can you talk about your 2013 CapEx expectations and how are you thinking about CapEx as a percentage of revenue now that you have most of the technology, new technology platform build out behind you?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. Well maybe I can help you with that. The largest portion of our CapEx and the largest portion of our depreciation really is capitalized software development and other technology cost. To help kind of guide you with what to expect there, we are expecting cash technology and content expense to actually begin to leverage in the back half of 2013. So hopefully, that will give you some guidance. I think the overall CapEx spend growth rates that you've seen over the last few years should start to moderate in 2013 as a leading indicator.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just looking at the total sort of CapEx captive line on the cash flow statement. Do you have any target for the year or is it too early to tell and too lumpy?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Yes, I think it's too early to tell and give you specific guidance on the line item.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Devitt with Morgan Stanley.
Scott W. Devitt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Revenue per room night was down, but revenue margin improved and it had been trending negative. So I was just wondering what drove the improvement and how to think about that for '13 for modeling purposes? And then secondly, the related party spend was up, I think, 8% year-over-year and that had been declining since the separation of Trip. So I was wondering if you could just talk about the change there in the quarter and your perspective on ROI that you're getting from Trip going into 2013 now that you're kind of a year away from this reset in spend.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So with respect to your first question, the driver of the revenue margin expansion was simply product mix. Just a strong hotel business with a less strong Air business, essentially. And hotel is obviously at higher margin than Air. So that was a quick answer to number one. On number two, yes, Trip spend was up in Q4. TripAdvisor continues to be a great partner of ours, and I think that the up spend you see is a combination of a couple of things: One, I think we, as a company across the breadth of our brands, are getting better at being an independent third-party in the TripAdvisor channel. And generally, what we find is the better we get in the channel, the more we spend because we can drive more volume that delivers bottom line profit for us. So that's factor number 1. Factor number 2, which is a bit more isolated, is that Brand Expedia has been accelerating. And when they're growing and they see good returns, they generally see good returns across all channels and that causes them to up spend.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think the other factor is that the comps for Q4 -- in Q4 of last year, we started spending down on Trip a bit. So the spend comps on Trip start easing up and I think on a go-forward basis, you're going to see more typical spend patterns on Trip.
Scott W. Devitt - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And I'd like to follow-up on that first question again. Just to clarify, because this mix dynamic, given the strength in your hotel business really, throughout the year, I would've thought that, that would have been driven near the stronger revenue margin throughout the year. Is there something that unique or is it the rate of change in 4Q that drove it more strongly so it turned positive versus being negative in the first 3 quarters?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So it's really difficult to actually look at our revenue margins sequentially, and that's because the gross bookings was on a booked basis and revenue is on a stay basis. So that's why you see swings on a sequential basis. The year-on-year fluctuations were much less than that, I think, much more consistent in the direction you saw in Q4.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chad Bartley with Pacific Crest.
Chad Bartley - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: This has been asked a few different ways but in case there's anything else to call out, I did want to ask about your international segment. So we saw good acceleration in room night growth. I think, if my calculations are correct, if you back out VIA, it looks like international bookings growth did slow very slightly. Is that purely a function of mix and the impact on ADR or is there anything else to call out there?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I don't think -- if you take out VIA, I don't think our international room night growth slowed. When we look at a brand by brand basis in general, most of our brands did better internationally in Q4 than Q3.
Chad Bartley - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: I was comparing room night acceleration versus a deceleration in bookings.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Okay. So yes, if you back out VIA out of international, it is a bit slower. The biggest driver though, between the difference between room nights and gross bookings, is that gross bookings is overly offset or overly represented by Air. Our air business internationally is generally not as strong as our hotel business and so that's really the driver behind that.
Chad Bartley - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Great. I just want to make sure there wasn't anything else going on.
Mark D. Okerstrom: No, that's it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Purcell with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Michael B. Purcell - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I was wondering if, Dara, we can go back to your opening statements, just about -- it's clearly that you're gaining share by how fast you're growing in room nights and all your metrics within the global market. But I'm wondering if you could kind of quantify for us how fast you think the OTA space in general is gaining share and how you're doing within that share gain? And also if you could just give any comment about any impact you're seeing from Google's metasearch products.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. I think that the OTA space in general, what we observed is in the early days, OTAs gained a fair amount of share. I'd say probably starting 6 years ago or so, supplier direct started gaining more share from the OTA players and in the past couple of years at least, we've seen OTA grow fairly broadly to be pretty healthy. So I think that right now, OTA -- my guess is that OTA and supplier direct share growth are pretty consistent and I think it's the general kind of worldwide growth driver of higher Internet penetration and I think mobile penetration is probably a bit of juice behind it. From a competitive standpoint, I think it's pretty tough to tell. In the past couple of quarters, we've been doing well against some of the smaller competitors but our largest competitor obviously, has been growing room nights faster than we have historically. We'll see what that looks like. In this quarter, it's just impossible to tell. From the standpoint of the Google metasearch product, not much of a material impact. Google meta continues to grow. It's a fairly fast-growing channel for us. But right now, the amount of traffic coming from that channel is still pretty small compared to the classic kind of paper click model that Google has in place. So it's a fast-growing channel. We're working with Google on it and we'll see how it develops on a go-forward basis.
Operator: At this time, I would like to turn the conference back to management for any final remarks.
Alan Pickerill: Okay. Thanks, everybody for joining the call today. As usual, we appreciate your interest in Expedia. The replay of the call will be back up on the IR site shortly. Dara, any closing comments?
Dara Khosrowshahi: No, just thanks to the Expedia Worldwide employees to a strong year and hopefully, we'll be able to keep it up for our shareholders in 2013.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Alan Pickerill Dara Khosrowshahi - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Mark D. Okerstrom - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Corporate Development
Analysts: Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Mark S. Mahaney - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Brian Fitzgerald Thomas C. White - Macquarie Research Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division Herman Leung - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Andrew D. Connor - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Tracy B. Young - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Genna Sankin Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Ryan Gee - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Nishant Verma - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Expedia Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded, October 25, 2012. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Alan Pickerill, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Alan Pickerill: Thanks, Elissa. Good afternoon, and welcome, everyone, to Expedia, Inc.'s financial results conference call for the third quarter ended September 30, 2012. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, Expedia's CEO and President; and Mark Okerstrom, our CFO. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, October 25, 2012, only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate or similar statements. Please refer to today's press release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You'll find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the company's IR website at expediainc.com/ir. I encourage you to periodically visit our Investors Relations site for important content, including today's earnings release. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense, and technology and content expense excludes stock-based compensation. And all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2011. With that, let me turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Alan. Expedia's third quarter results continue to build on what's shaping up to be quite a good year. We saw ongoing strength in our hotel business, with room night growth accelerating across all major regions, especially in the Asia-Pacific regions and Europe. In fact, for the first time in our history, our international points of sale delivered an impressive 50% of our total room nights for the quarter. Global room night growth of 27% was faster than Q2 as Brand Expedia's growth continues to accelerate nicely, with Hotels.com and the rest of our brands continuing to grow at very healthy rates and executing well. Our technology projects remain on track, with rapid innovation on Brand Expedia's standalone hotel path and more fundamental changes coming on our standalone air path. At this point, we can tell you 2 things: one, that we're delivering predictively on our technology road maps; and two, that the Expedia hotels' end-to-end program has been a success. Expedia standalone room nights are growing again at a materially faster pace. What we don't know yet is specifically how we will perform in air and packages, both of which are battling macro headwinds. At this point though, we're optimistic about our team's ability to deliver a great platform and hopefully, sustainable growth as a result. Separately, we've been really pleased with the new Expedia FIND YOURS advertising campaign, which is much more inspirational than you typically see in the category. Honing in on the transformational nature of travel as told by real-life actors -- real-life travelers, not real-life actors, no characters, no actors, the campaign is extremely powerful. And if you haven't seen any of the ads yet, I'd encourage you to take a look. In fact, a recent viral video of ours, Find Your Understanding, exceeded a record 2 million views in about 1 week. Last quarter, we introduced you to an innovative new program called Expedia Travelers Preference or ETP. As a reminder, we built a technology that allows us, along with participating hotels, to offer consumers a choice of whether to pay Expedia in advance or pay at the hotel at the time of their stay, which, we believe, meaningfully increases the likelihood that customers will book. While it's very early in the rollout, we're pleased with the progress to date, and we can see already that participating hotels are outperforming hotels who have not yet signed up for the program. Not surprisingly, European customers are favoring Hotel Collect, while U.S. consumers seem to be favoring Expedia Collect. From an international perspective, we recently signed a new agreement with eLong that improves cooperation between the companies and allows us to bring more of our assets to bear as we compete aggressively in that growing market. According to focus right [ph], the annual travel market in China is close to $100 billion, of which only 13% is online. With eLong's consistent share gains, we believe that we're one of the few global e-commerce companies that have established a significant and lasting position in China, as the Chinese middle class grows and those consumers continue to travel more and increasingly book that travel online. We continued to make significant progress in mobile. Hotwire just launched its new iPhone app and is now getting about 20% of its hotel transactions through mobile, including tablet. In addition, Hotels.com released an updated version of its app for Android and iPad tablets and now has surpassed the 10 million mobile app download milestone across all mobile platforms. We continue to view mobile as an opportunity to access new market segments as well as potentially drive a higher percentage of our bookings directly to our sites, especially through app downloads. Lastly, from a macro global economic perspective, the environment doesn't appear to have changed significantly since we spoke to you last quarter. Obviously, we don't know what will happen with the so-called fiscal cliff or the elections in the U.S. and we can't predict the outcome of sovereign debt and other global economic issues. While we do see clear signs of caution surrounding managed corporate travel spend in the U.S., we haven't felt any incremental effects on the rest of our brands. Our focus will continue -- will be to continue executing on our playbook, with a goal of innovating and making continuous improvements across our products and businesses that'll drive growth in all geographies over the long term. Mark?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Thank you, Dara. The third quarter came in slightly ahead of our expectations. Hotel revenue grew 20% year-over-year on room night growth of 27%, with domestic room nights up 17% and international growing 38%. Revenue per room night was down 6%, while average daily room rates were down just under 3%. The decrease in revenue per room night was, again, driven by mix shift, the impact from foreign currency and the loyalty programs. We talked to you in the past about the impact of an increasingly larger and fast-growing hotel business in the Asia-Pacific region. In fact, if you exclude the APAC region, as well as foreign currency headwinds, we estimate that revenue per room night would have been flat year-over-year on ADR growth of 2%. Our hotel business represents a large, strategic global growth opportunity, and we will be happy to take volume growth even at lower unit economics to continue to drive the size and scale of this business. Revenue from our air business represented 7% of total revenue for the quarter and was down 10% year-over-year. Ticket volume grew 11%, largely due to the VIA Travel acquisition, without which tickets would've grown in the low to mid-single digit range. Revenue per ticket was down 19% due primarily to significantly lower net supplier economics arising from new carrier deals negotiated over the course of last year. We think that revenue-per-ticket trends will start to normalize next year after we have lapped most of our newer supplier agreements. Other revenue, representing 16% of the mix, grew 23% for the quarter on growth in corporate travel fees and advertising revenue. Note that we did benefit in Q3 on the top line from lapping the AirAsia joint venture, which launched in Q3 2011, and had been a headwind until now, as well as the inclusion of VIA Travel in our results. Running through key expense categories. Cost of revenue grew faster than revenue in the quarter due to the addition of VIA Travel. Excluding that new business, cost of revenue would have levered significantly. As expected, selling and marketing grew faster than revenue due to 3 main factors. Firstly, as we've mentioned on prior calls, as Brand Expedia has been rolling out its platform enhancements, it's been quite conservative in its overall marketing spend. With significant product enhancements now in production, Expedia is becoming increasingly more aggressive in its marketing efforts. Secondly, we have also made discrete decisions to increase our marketing investment in APAC and other emerging markets so that we continue to position the business for the excellent long-term growth opportunities we see in those regions. And lastly, as we mentioned last quarter, we did have some delayed spending that moved from Q2 to Q3. Looking ahead to Q4, we continue to expect deleverage in selling and marketing expense. Technology and content grew 27%, which was actually lighter than we had anticipated. Given a variety of factors, including the addition of VIA Travel, along with some difficult comps for capitalized labor and bonuses, we expect full year tech and content expense to grow at a rate just north of what we saw in Q3. General and administrative expenses grew 8%, primarily on increased personnel costs. Shifting gears, I also want to mention briefly that our effective tax rate was quite low this quarter, primarily as a result of the release of some previous valuation allowances and, as was the case in last year's third quarter, some adjustments arising from our annual provision to return reconciliation. Lastly, in terms of capital allocation, since our Q2 call, we have repurchased an additional 1.9 million shares, and on a year-to-date basis, we have repurchased 10.7 million shares for $397 million, representing an average price of just over $37 per share. In total, so far this year, we have deployed almost $640 million against a combination of share repurchases, M&A and our dividend. In terms of our financial expectations for full year 2012, we are now expecting adjusted EBITDA growth to be in the low double-digit range. We are currently in the process of planning for 2013 and as usual, would expect to give some insight on our expectations for next year on our fourth quarter earnings call. With that, let's turn to questions. Operator, would you please remind listeners how to ask a question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Ross Sandler with Deutsche Bank.
Ross Sandler - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Guys, just 2 questions. First is you, historically, if we go back way in the day, have been hesitant to move into the agency business in the U.S. at least. Can you talk about why you think now is the right time? And obviously, the new program is working well at improving conversion rates. But can you talk about how that might impact your cash flow as the mix of hotels shifts from merchant to agency? And then if we look at Expedia.com, can you guys strip out what the acceleration in the hotel business is? So what would be the room night growth for Expedia this quarter versus last quarter or 2 quarters ago?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Ross. As far as the reason why now, to some extent, we've taken our time in observing the agency model. You know that we acquired Venere a couple of years ago in Europe, where the agency model is strongest, and we have seen the consumer preference, especially Europe -- in Europe, for agency. And I think we've told you for a long time that we are a marketer of hotel rooms. Whether it's merchant hotel rooms or agency transactions, we don't particularly care. We want to market rooms to our global audience in whichever way that they want to consume them. The challenge for us was a pretty significant technology project that would allow us to have the flexibility to allow hotels who signed up for the ETP program to transact either in a merchant model or an agency model. The technology there is not simple. No one really has done it at scale before, and we wanted to do it in a way that could scale on a global basis, and kind of scale global technology projects like this are by no means simple. So to some extent, the timing was driven by the platform and by the technology. And once we thought it was ready, once we had discussions with partners and hotels who are quite interested in it, we thought we were ready to roll out. This comes with -- the model comes with lots of other stuff. Your customer service has to change. Your collections for commissions is completely different for agency versus merchant. So a lot went into this effort, which isn't -- which is really invisible to the customer and invisible to the hotelier, but a lot of work had to go into the back -- kind of the back end in order to make this available on a scale basis. Mark, do you want to talk about the cash flow?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. Listen, I'd just remind you that it's still pretty early on, so it's pretty difficult to predict. It will depend on the adoption rates of the hotel collector agency model versus the merchant model. And what we've seen so far is that in -- as Dara mentioned, in the domestic market, we've seen people continue to prefer the merchant model, and outside of the U.S., a preference for the agency model. And we also have a pretty strong -- or pretty large packages business that we hope will become even stronger as we roll out the packages' end-to-end product on Expedia. So again, it's difficult to predict. I would just say that the merchant model, we believe, is going to continue to have a pretty material role for our business going forward. But to the extent that we do shift more to the agency product, of course, that will have a negative impact on our working capital. But of course, we've got a strong balance sheet. We've got significant liquidity. We have been, obviously, working on this, as Dara mentioned, for a long time, and we think this is a great investment to the extent that we have to make an investment of our cash flow and balance sheet to make this possible.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And, Ross, as far as your question on the acceleration on the hotel business, we want to get out of kind of disclosing every quarter the room night growth for each brand. I think it's safe to say that the Expedia brand room night growth continued to accelerate materially and the other brands continued their excellent execution as well: the Hotels.com brand, EAN, et cetera. So for us to be able to accelerate our room night growth from 22% to 27% on a stay basis, means that everybody played their part.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney with Citi.
Mark S. Mahaney - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: If I could just stick with that hotel room night growth, please. To what extent do you think that's still being capped down by macro conditions in some of these markets? I would assume this may be -- maybe it's impossible to quantify, but a couple of points. And then if you think about the other levers that are actually leading to that, I know it's very hard to call out market share gains, but do you have any commentary on what could be happening to that? It seems like you got a mix of much better execution, possibly some market share gains and still capped down by macro. Is that the right way to think about it?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So it's hard to say what impact the macro conditions are having on our business. As Dara mentioned in his prepared remarks, we haven't seen a material change from what we've seen over the last quarter, which was isolated pockets of weakness in Southern Europe. More or less that continues. But listen, we're accelerating more or less in all regions, Europe included. We think that based on what we think the market is doing, we are taking share in most of the regions, including the U.S. And what's driving that, I would say it's really we believe us executing on the playbook that we've worked out across our business, which is a combination of great technology, great online marketing and a great hotel business and pulling that all together. So I think it's a combination of everything.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think, Mark, I'd just add that I think that for the next year or so, the trends that you'll see from our business are going to be based more on our own execution and the playbook that Mark talked about than macro. And I think in addition, you've seen online travel agencies, in general, during good times and bad times, and we, as a group, tend to perform pretty well during difficult macro conditions. This is a pretty "recession resistant" type of business, and we don't expect that to change going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Fitzgerald with Jefferies.
Brian Fitzgerald: Can you guys give us any update on mobile, what usage trends you're seeing from your mobile apps and maybe what percentage of mobile traffic is transactional versus just browsing or comparison-shopping?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, Brian. The trends are, I'd say, unambiguously positive. We see more of our traffic across all of our brands coming mobile. The most significant and popular use case for mobile is for last-minute type booking. 60% to 70% of our bookings are for hotels 24 hours out. Mobile is truly a global phenomenon for us. The Expedia Hotels app is -- was downloaded around 5 million times in 220 different countries, so we're building very, very global solutions on the mobile space. In general, our mobile conversion tends to be a little bit lower than our desktop conversion, but that's to be expected. But I think that the delta that you hear with media company monetization between mobile and desktop is not nearly as much of a delta for us. And we think the other benefit of mobile for us is it's a different use case. These are -- we were not highly penetrated in the "walk-in traffic" and last-minute type business. This allows us to penetrate into that business and kind of a new market that we hadn't been in previously. I think the other factor that's pretty interesting for us is that tablet behavior is pretty different from iPhone or phone behavior. So when we talk about mobile, we're kind of putting tablet into its own category, and I think the challenge that it gives to us is it creates lots and lots of different form factors that we essentially have to build designs around. So while it is a great kind of a business opportunity to us, we do think that it provides some challenges on the development and the design side. And it's going to be a challenge for everybody.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom White with Macquarie.
Thomas C. White - Macquarie Research: I just wanted to drill down on the acceleration in the hotel room nights a little bit more. I guess, is there any way you can sort of parse out what the impact is from sort of improving conversions on the Expedia platform and your other brands versus kind of an uplift from -- in traffic from the marketing and advertising campaign? And then on the Asia Pacific opportunity, I think last quarter, you guys mentioned that it was high-teens of your total room night mix. Any update you could give us there, that would be great.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So there are a few things going on with the room night numbers in Q3. I would say the only one-timer that I would call out was we did lap over the AirAsia joint venture being excluded from our results, which we have been disclosing separately. But that's probably a 200- to 300-bp impact on the room nights. But even with that, when you take that out, you still have an accelerating case. And I would say that one of the big drivers of that is indeed the acceleration of the Expedia business. We have been in a period for a fairly long time where we had all of the businesses, led by Hotels.com, putting in pretty consistent room night growth and really, the big delta here is Brand Expedia. And listen, to parse it out between conversion and marketing, it is a difficult thing to do. Generally, what I'd tell you is that in the variable marketing channels, such as search engine marketing, conversion allows you to drive more volume. It allows you essentially to spend more money on marketing and produce bookings. And if you look at our marketing spend this quarter and, in fact, the acceleration of our marketing spend this quarter and look at the growth rate compared to our merchant gross bookings, you'll see a pretty tight correlation. And that's driven by a combination, really, of great performance of the product, backed up by good marketing spend to drive more growth. In terms of the APAC mix, it is under 10% of gross bookings and revenue, and it's mid to high-teens percent of room nights.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs.
Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And this may be a little bit of a follow-up to the last one. But I was hoping what you could do is give us an idea of how the advertising leverage is really breaking down between the cost of advertising impressions increasing versus lower conversion rates after click-through. Maybe to put it another way, what's -- whether or not what's driving it is macro weakness versus increasing competition for traffic.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Heath, I'd say it's more of a mix issue than anything. Kind of relating to what Mark talked about, to the extent that you build a better product that can convert better -- and the Hotels.com team has been doing that pretty consistently. The Expedia team is a little newer to it, but is clearly doing it as well. You can then go out in the variable channels, especially where you can get instant reaction with the Googles of the world, with the metasearch players of the world, and you can essentially afford to bid more for a transaction that, call it, the last quarter or last year, you couldn't bid as much for. And you can still make the same amount for that transaction. So it's not an issue of accepting a lower profit margin for that transaction. You can still get a similar efficiency; you can just get a higher position. So we -- what you're seeing with us right now is a shift into some of the more expensive channels because we can afford to pay for some of those expensive channels, when last year we couldn't, rather than call it a macro shift in competitiveness one way or the other. And the other factor that Mark talked about is the timing factor, which is we obviously pay for the marketing cost up front, and we recognize the room stays later. So to the extent that you've got a business that's accelerating, as you see ours is, you might see a heavier marketing load up front before you start recognizing all the revenue.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Yes, I think the other thing I would add is that we are making marketing decisions on a by-brand, by-geography basis. And so there's a fair bit of mix that you will see on our P&L. And in general, as we continue to grow more aggressively international and in areas like Asia Pacific, for example, those can be generally less profitable markets for the first few years, and that could drive deleverage on the P&L as well. And again, that is great volume. The opportunity is very significant in those markets, and it's something that we believe very strongly we need to invest in, but it can result in mix shift impacts on our P&L that makes our sales and marketing look a little bit less efficient than actually on a like-for-like basis it may actually be.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Douglas Anmuth with JP Morgan.
Douglas Anmuth - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I just wanted to follow up on the ETP. In particular, just trying to get an understanding for what types of hotels are signed up at this point. It looks like it's around 8% of total properties. What types of hotels, and then if you have any target for the timing and sort of how quickly you think this can be rolled out. And then also, just curious if those hotels are especially promoted on the site in some way.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So we do have about 13,000 hotels signed up so far. About 9,000 of those are hotels that we would classify as chain hotels or strategic accounts, with the remaining being independents. We've had a great reception from our chain partners, and we're pretty excited to be working with them on this. In terms of the rollout plan, we've got about 3,000 of those hotels actually live right now. It takes some time to actually get them trained up and converted over to the new platform. And we will plan, by the end of the year, to have significantly more live. We have the functionality essentially rolled out on the majority of Hotels.com websites now, either with 100% of traffic or 50-50 in testing. And I would say the same for Expedia. They're a little bit behind in rolling it out just because of the technology. And by the end of the year, we expect to have the functionality live on both Brand Expedia and Hotels.com globally. In terms of the how fast we'll roll out new properties, again, we've kind of got the flexibility here to see some of the trends that we see and accelerate or decelerate. But so far, we like what we see, and we're going to continue to roll out according to our plan. We have not done any special promotion of participating hotels. But we have seen that hotels that are participating are generally getting significantly more volume than those that don't. And really, that's driven by the fact that consumers really like this product. And so they're just more likely to book with those hotels if they've got the choice of versus those that they don't. And the other thing we're seeing is that hotels that participate are -- generally get bookings on average of longer lengths of stay, which is a great result for our hotel partners. More volume, bookings with longer length of stay is a good thing. And then the last thing I would note is that the -- again, it's early, but so far, we're seeing this model be significantly more attractive to consumers outside of the U.S. than it is in the U.S. European consumers really like that, and then we think that'll be a great thing for our hotel partners, driving more international business into the U.S. hotels. And then we think it'll be a great thing for our business in terms of giving us more opportunity to expand internationally. But again, it's very early to tell. We're excited with what we see. We'll update you when we know more.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And I'd just add that, at this point, ETP is not a significant factor in our results one way or the other. And as it rolls ins, we'll tell you more about it. But this quarter really wasn't about ETP. The next couple of quarters, hopefully, will be.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Naved Khan with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Just on the conversion rate improvement, I just wanted to get a sense of where you are in the improvement cycle. And are you continuing to see more gains on the Hotels.com brand? That's one of the brands, obviously, you sort of started to roll out earlier. Can you give us a sense on that one?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, Naved. The gains continue both on Hotels.com and on Expedia. This is a -- it's not a 1-year thing. It's setting up long-term processes where you can optimize your site, where you can experiment at very fast rates, and we have not seen the conversion gains at Hotels.com stop. And having the 2 teams -- having Hotels.com and Expedia, the Hotwire teams, even the Egencia teams, all experimenting faster based on agile technology allows the different teams to compare notes. We're comparing notes with our great friends in eLong as well. And we think it kind of creates a pretty interesting environment as far as getting better and better at selling hotels on a global basis as a family of brands.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then can you talk about China and basically, comment on what kind of trends you're seeing there in terms of the level of promotional activity and the level of discounting that might be going on there?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I'll leave eLong to get into more commentary as far as China goes. They'll dedicate a whole call to it. But we've been very, very pleased with our progress in China. eLong has been gaining share in that marketplace against the top player for some period of time. We don't believe that those trends are going to stop anytime soon. And there has been very aggressive discounting in that marketplace, which while difficult for short-term profits, we think, is driving a lot of consumers to book online. And we think, over the long term, in addition to the share gains, we think that's just a benefit. The more people come online, the faster in a market like China, the better for ourselves and even our competitors in the Chinese market. So we're pretty pleased with where we are there, and we expect the eLong team to keep competing, keep executing effectively.
Naved Khan - Cantor Fitzgerald & Co., Research Division: Okay. And then one last question. Was there any impact from the Olympics, positive or negative?
Dara Khosrowshahi: There was a slight impact, but I think that the Olympic impact, in general, is not one that's large enough to -- that wasn't large enough to really affect our numbers. We did observe a healthy U.K. market post-Olympics, so the U.K. really picked up. And that's certainly a good thing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Herman Leung with Susquehanna.
Herman Leung - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Two quick questions for you. I guess on the take rates when you think about the agency side, I was just wondering if you can talk about the difference between the agency take rates in the U.S. versus agency take rates you might be seeing in the different regions that you're seeing out there. And then the second question is, there's obviously been a lot of chatter about a potential 355 exchange with Liberty. Wondering if that is something that is -- something that you guys are thinking about with CruiseShipCenters and/or maybe another property, combined with cash. And I have a very quick follow-up.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So with respect to take rates, we're not going to get into the specific details. I would just point you generally to some of the pressures that you've seen on our revenue per room night over the course of the last few quarters. We've called out mix into non-U.S. regions and mix into chain hotels. So to the extent that ETP as a product drives greater mix into chain hotels or greater mix outside of the U.S., you could expect that to put revenue per room night pressure on the business. But again, that's pressure that we like. That's pressure that is driven by volume-related mix shift. So it's an investment that we are very happy to make.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And as far as Liberty goes, we've read some of Liberty's comments publicly. They've been a great partner for us. They've been terrific board members, very, very constructive, and we're quite happy to have them as investors. Liberty is obviously very active on the transactional front. But at this point, I think there's nothing really to say. Our philosophy on our own balance sheet is that we want to put our considerable cash flows to good use. And over the long term, we've been shrinking our capital base for some period of time, and that's not going to change one way or the other. But to the extent that Liberty is interested in different structures, we'll talk to them. But at this point, it's nothing more than the comments that we've heard.
Herman Leung - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: And you also talked about the -- earlier in your comments, you talked about the international POS systems up about 50% or 50% of your total transactions. Is there a way you can give us a breakdown between the drivers of that between affiliate and Expedia brands?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Pretty strong across the board. The Brand Expedia has been getting stronger in general. Hotels.com has been doing incredibly well internationally. The private label business has been doing very well internationally as well. So it's been pretty broad strength across our various brands and businesses.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Olson with Piper Jaffray.
Andrew D. Connor - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: This is Andrew Connor in for Mike. Just at the risk of beating a dead horse, wanted to really understand the outperformance, specifically in Europe. I'm just wondering if, really, Europe is a situation in which Expedia is out-executing its peers in an otherwise deteriorating macro, or if the Europe macro is maybe a bit more resilient than you had thought and adding a modest tailwind to your business.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So it's really hard, again, for us to comment on the overall impact of macro on the market. And the reason is, is that we are still fairly small in Europe. And Europe is a very attractive market and one where we have had, for some time, I would say less than best-in-class execution. So as we've rolled out the new platforms and have been executing on our playbooks, we have considerable headroom to grow in Europe. And so to some extent, we end up being less hit by macro conditions, at least less hit than we can see because we are in a share-gain mode. Now if the economy there was really booming, perhaps it would be higher. But again, that's very difficult for us to tell.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tracy Young with Evercore.
Tracy B. Young - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Just a question on VIA Travel, since you've already touched upon the overall travel. If you could talk about any impact that you've seen on corporate travel in Europe and if maybe that could have been a bigger contributor to your bottom line -- top line and bottom line.
Dara Khosrowshahi: VIA Travel is actually executing really well. We are getting to know the team. We're really impressed with the talent of the team there, Espen and group. And northern Europe in general -- if you look at Europe, northern Europe, where quite a bit of VIA Travel's business is concentrated in, seems to be outperforming the rest of the continent, so to speak. And as a result, VIA is over-performing versus at least the deal case that we had out there, and we're quite positive on the business, and we're quite positive on that team.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Genna Sankin with Crdit Suisse.
Genna Sankin: I'm on for Stephen Ju. I have 2 questions. One, can you share anything with us in terms of the cadence of the quarter, whether things deteriorated or improved as the quarter went on for the various regions? And two, just to turn to air ticket growth, it accelerated significantly from the previous quarter. I was hoping you can provide some color on the drivers of that.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So I would say the quarter was fairly consistent. We did see, I would say, strength build a little bit as the quarter progressed. So that was a good sign, but nothing super significant. It was pretty steady improvement as it unfolded. With respect to the air ticket growth, the real driver there was VIA Travel. It's a big corporate travel business, which is pretty air-heavy, and so that drives really the bulk of that growth. And without VIA Travel, the growth would've been closer to the lower-single digit range.
Genna Sankin: And for the cadence of the quarter, it was pretty consistent across all geographies?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Yes, I would say the impact was pretty consistent across all geographies, slight acceleration as we move through the quarter.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Millman with Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: First, I'm wondering, considering the quick impact -- relative quick impact of mobile and the innovation taking place, does this give you some pause regarding the longevity of your platforms and technology spend? Also, just a housekeeping. You seem not to have the transaction numbers. Maybe you can give it to us and hopefully, it'll be back in the future. And then the usual U.S. car rental update as to third and fourth quarter outlook on fleet price, opaque availability and maybe what's creating the pricing disruption.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Michael, a call without you asking about cars would not be an Expedia call, so we're happy to tell you all about that. Mark is going to answer cars. But as far as platforms go -- listen, I think it's a great question. The challenge for us now as we build out technology and as we build out designs for our various sites is to build those designs in an adaptive way. That means that they can adapt to the form factor that the user chooses. So if the user is on a PC, the site adapts to the size of that PC. If they are on an iPad mini, the site also adapts to that iPad mini. It creates more upfront work as far as the kind of design, that you do decisions on what's really important to present on a page versus what's not important to present on a page. In general, our sites are not adaptive at this point, in general. And as we're building out new feature sets, as we're redesigning pages, we'll look to design them in an adaptive way so that they can adapt freely to the various devices that you -- that the user wants to use. And listen, we think this is an opportunity for technology companies out there, for technology leaders out there. This is -- it's going to be a challenge to build out adaptive designs in general. It's something that we think can differentiate us, but it is an upfront cost. Just the fragmentation of the devices on a worldwide basis is going to make our jobs more complex, but I think that, that allows us to differentiate ourselves and to add value in the general travel value chain. Mark is going to take on the other questions.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So transactions, that's a metric that we just actually don't look at internally anymore. There's so much in our business that's driven by product mix shift, that, that metric itself has become much less meaningful than room nights and air ticket and car days, which are what we look at internally. So we're striving to basically give you guys metrics that we use to understand the business and help you understand the business, and transactions was increasingly becoming less so that type of number. With respect to what we're seeing in car, we did see some compression in the summer. And that, of course, made opaque inventory a little bit more scarce. We are not expecting a meaningful change in that situation as we move into Q4. We are expecting still some compression. And for our business, there wasn't anything materially that changed in the quarter. Again, we did have some weakness in our opaque inventory. But that ultimately got offset, for us anyways, in terms of some uplift that we saw from some Brand Expedia improvement on the car product.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Post with Bank of America.
Ryan Gee - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is Ryan calling in for Justin. I guess, first, given what you guys talked about regarding the timing of the marketing spend versus when you book, how do you think that we should begin to measure really the marketing efficiency for you guys? Is it better to look at it on a percentage of bookings or revenue? Just kind of want to get your thoughts around that. And then secondly, you talked about the trends for the Expedia room nights. I was just wondering if you're also willing to break out that for Hotels.com.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So listen, given the best way to model marketing efficiency is by brand, by geography, but of course, you don't have that, so the next closest thing you've probably got in quarter is specifically merchant gross bookings and our hotel spend. Of course, Expedia Traveler Preference could make that a little bit more difficult to track over time, so it may be a temporary fix. But that's probably the closest. It is not perfect though, of course. We've got multiple products that are in merchant and multiple things that we spend our marketing money on, including brand marketing, which can generally move the numbers because it's less tied to specifically in-quarter activity. But hopefully, that gives you a little bit of guidance. In terms of trends for room nights for Hotels.com, I would say that the Hotels.com and the rest of the brands, the trend has been pretty consistent. They continue to perform at a healthy level, healthy growth rates. We haven't seen anything materially change in that. And as Dara said, a lot of the changes that we've made in the hotel platform and really the way that we're executing on this playbook should be things that we believe give continued growth in that business. And that's in all of those businesses, and that's certainly what we are seeing.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And, Ryan, the only thing I'd add on the relationship of marketing to our other metrics is, don't judge us by our marketing spend versus revenue or bookings on a quarterly basis. We don't run the basis -- run the business on a quarterly basis. We obviously believe it's really important to keep track of your trends and make sure that you're keeping operational execution discipline. But we are building this business for the long term. And sometimes, if we invest in one quarter, it may not pay off until a few quarters down the road or a few years. And that's not going to stop us from making that investment.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Kopelman with Cowen & Company.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Could you give us more color on how customers are engaging through smartphones and tablets? You disclosed 20% of Hotwire transactions. Are mobile devices also a meaningful driver for Expedia as a whole?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, they are. They're meaningful. Expedia is over 10%, right now, mobile. If you look at Expedia and its product, right now, Expedia really has a hotel product available on its iPad app. We're coming up with -- pretty soon, with an air experience on our iOS app, which really, really looks beautiful. But in general, when you look at the hotels or Hotwire, they are ahead, and with Expedia, as we add on more products because Expedia is a multiproduct business, we expect our mobile transaction penetration to increase. The hotel experience is great, but we think the air experience is going to be very, very good.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: And is that still primarily last-minute? Or are you seeing users branch out?
Dara Khosrowshahi: On tablets, it looks very much like PCs. On the phone, it tends to be more last-minute activity.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Devitt with Morgan Stanley.
Nishant Verma - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: This is Nishant for Scott. Just wanted an update on the impact of, I guess, Google's initiatives in travel, how you're seeing that in Expedia in terms of both, I guess, Hotel Finder and then the other products that they have.
Dara Khosrowshahi: The quick update is that we're not seeing it affect our overall business. We -- obviously, Google is a valuable partner of ours. They're a long-term partner and we do a lot of business with Google, and that business, in general, is increasing. The Hotel Finder product hasn't been a significant producer for us. We participate in Hotel Finder, but I think, at this point, Google is doing lots of experimentation. On the air side, initially, when they launched the air product, it hurt our free traffic to our sites. And Google, obviously, has huge market power, and to the extent that they're sending traffic to their own sites, that really hurts any third parties and it hurts kind of the general environment. But over the last quarter, I think that trends haven't changed significantly one way or the other.
Nishant Verma - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Could you also -- just one more thing. Could you talk about maybe the marketing spend ROI on Google versus maybe TripAdvisor and Kayak, just to give us an understanding of the differences between the channels for Expedia?
Dara Khosrowshahi: We consider that pretty competitive data, so that's not data that we're willing to share.
Operator: I'm showing no further questions in the queue at this time. I'd like to turn the conference back to management for final remarks.
Alan Pickerill: Okay. Thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call today and for all the questions. We will post a replay on the IR website shortly. Appreciate your interest in Expedia, and we'll look forward to talking to you again next quarter. Dara, any closing remarks?
Dara Khosrowshahi: No, just a special thanks to the Expedia employees who do all the hard work behind the results that we talk about this -- during these calls. Especially big thanks to the LPS [ph] team for ETP. It's been a huge rollout, and special thanks to that team. Thanks very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Pickerill Dara Khosrowshahi - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director and Member of Executive Committee Mark D. Okerstrom - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Corporate Development
Analysts: Tom White - Macquarie Research Stephen Ju - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Shelby Taffer - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Tracy B. Young - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Deepak Mathivanan - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Andrew D. Connor - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Expedia, Inc. Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Alan Pickerill, please go ahead.
Alan Pickerill: Thank you. Good afternoon and welcome to Expedia, Inc.'s Financial Results Conference Call for the second quarter ended June 30, 2012. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, Expedia's CEO and President; and Mike Okerstrom, our CFO. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, July 26, 2012, only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate or similar statements. Please refer to today's press release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You will find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the company's IR website at expediainc.com/ir. I encourage you to periodically visit our Investor Relation site for important content, including today's earnings release. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense, and technology and content expense, excludes stock-based compensation. And all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2011. And with that, let me turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Alan. Expedia's second quarter proved to be another good one, coming in ahead of our expectations. On the top line, gross bookings grew up to 13% and revenue growth up 14% were driven primarily by strength in our hotel business with global room nights growing a robust 22%, 24% including the AirAsia-Expedia joint venture. Adjusted EBITDA grew 18% to $223 million, aided by a better-than-expected top line and lower-than-expected expenses. It's worth noting that second quarter results were helped by that acquisition of VIA Travel, which we completed in late April and contributed roughly 2 percentage points of growth in gross bookings and revenue, and 3 points of adjusted EBITDA growth for the quarter. VIA Travel is the leading travel management company in the Nordics, and we're happy to have them as part of the Egencia team. In addition, we had an out-of-period adjustment of $8 million to help both revenue and adjusted EBITDA that Mark will explain in his remarks. We continue to see healthy results across virtually all of our brands, with brand Expedia also improving sequentially, but still down year-on-year. Our technology migration remains on track and stand-alone hotel room nights for brand Expedia accelerated again and grew faster than 10% on a book basis for Q2, compared to mid-single-digit growth in Q1. The air product has been moved to the new platform as planned and work continues on the packages' path, which should be substantially complete by year-end. You'll see more product innovation from us in the hotel and aircraft in the second half of the year, and we'll be ready to rollout packages as we move into 2013. As previously indicated, we plan to increase selling and marketing for brand Expedia as we move further along the technology migration, and just recently launched a brand marketing campaign in the U.S. called Find Yours, featuring 100% user-generated content from consumers explaining how travel has transformed them. Though very early for the campaign but initial response has been quite good. Now to be clear, brand Expedia continues to face certain environmental challenges outside of our control. Airline load factors and air ticket prices continue to grow year-over-year which is not good for the leisure traveler. Hotels continue to report tighter occupancies and higher rates, which make it more difficult for us to grow our package business. These factors are likely to remain as headwinds for air and package products for the foreseeable future. Over the past few years, we've talked about our key brand re-platforming efforts. In addition to these efforts, we're also actively improving our entire technology stack from front-end, to middle works to supply services, to customer service, as well as our financial systems. Part of these efforts will allow us to introduce new technology to our hotel supply partners, which will enable much closer integration of the agency hotel product with our core merchant offering. Specifically, for participating hotels, we'll be able to offer customers the choice of whether to pay Expedia in advance or pay at the hotel at the time of the stay. So far the reaction from our suppliers has been positive, and our initial testing indicates that customers really like this flexibility. We believe that these innovations, if and when rolled out on a broad basis, would be likely to drive back the growth in our agency hotel business, which could result in a blended hotel margins as well as our merchant hotel flow trending down over time. With that said, we remind you that, in general, our suppliers pay us based on the considerable scale and breadth of our distribution platform and not based on a specific model under which we do business. As we introduce further innovation into the global hotel business, you would expect the current bright line between agency model and the merchant model to blur over time. Before handing it over to Mark, a bit about what we're seeing in Europe. We can see incremental weakness in southern Europe relative to what we saw last quarter. For all day, we see Europeans traveling to the U.S. less and traveling to European destinations more. We see some evidence of shortening length of stay and, in some markets, shorter booking windows, all of which could be attributed to market conditions. We'll keep a close eye on these trends, but for now, our growth rate in Europe is still healthy, and we believe we can continue to grow in this economic environment. Mark?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Thanks, Dara. From a financial perspective, the second quarter came in better than we expected and was driven by the underlying strength in our global hotel business. As Dara mentioned, we were helped by the addition of VIA Travel, as well as an $8 million out-of-period hotel revenue adjustment that we made in the quarter related to the reversal of an over-accrual for certain local taxes. Excluding the VIA acquisition and this adjustment, adjusted EBITDA grew 11% for the quarter. As expected, foreign exchange was a headwind this quarter and hit us harder than anticipated given the strength of the dollar relative to the euro. In total, we estimate that foreign currency costs us 300 to 400 basis points of growth in gross bookings, revenue and adjusted EBITDA. This was 100 to 200 basis points worse than we expected when we talked to you last quarter. Hotel revenue represented 74% of total revenue for the quarter and grew 16%. Room night growth continued to be healthy at 22% for the quarter, 24% including the results from the AirAsia-Expedia joint venture. Domestic room night growth remained strong at 16%, while international room nights grew 29%, or 35% including the AirAsia-Expedia joint venture. ADRs were down 1% for the quarter while revenue per room night was down 5%. The decrease in revenue per room night was again driven by hotel product mix, the impact from foreign currency, discounting at Hotwire, and the loyalty program accrual comparables. As we noted last quarter, we have a very fast-growing hotel business in the Asia Pacific region, where ADRs and revenue per room night are much lower than in other geographies. Of course, we're happy to take the lower per unit economics in APAC given the sheer volume growth prospects for that region. Consistent with Q1, Asia Pacific represented a high teens percentage share of the global room night mix in the second quarter. Revenue from our air business represented 9% of our total revenue for the quarter and was down 8% year-over-year. Ticket volume grew 3% for the quarter, helped by the VIA Travel acquisition. Revenue per ticket was down 11% due primarily to lower net supplier economics. We continue to expect revenue per ticket to be down year-over-year for the duration of 2012, with the impact easing as we move through the year. Other revenue grew 17% for the quarter on growth and corporate travel fees and advertising revenue. Running through key expense categories, cost of revenue grew faster than revenue in the quarter due almost entirely to the addition of VIA Travel. Excluding that business, cost of revenue grew largely in line with revenue on higher credit card costs associated with the growth of our merchant hotel business and additional headcount to support our global customer operations. These were partially offset by lower debit card fees and higher credit card rebates. Leverage in selling and marketing expense was driven by a combination of factors, including the addition of VIA Travel, as they have very low selling and marketing expense as a percentage of revenue, as well as some deferred spend for both brand Expedia and Hotels.com. Looking forward, we expect selling and marketing to grow quite a bit faster and deleverage significantly in Q3 and, to a slightly lesser extent, in Q4, as Expedia and Hotels.com increase their spending, and as we invest more in Asia Pacific and emerging markets. Technology and content grew 24%, which was a bit lighter than our expectations. Looking forward, including the addition of VIA Travel, we now expect Q3 and Q4 growth rates to accelerate compared to the first half of the year. General and administrative expenses grew 13%. As we have said in the past, we will continue to look for leverage in G&A over the long term. Lastly, in terms of capital allocation, on a year-to-date basis, we have deployed over $520 million against a combination of share repurchases, M&A and our dividend. I'm pleased to say that we've decided to increase our dividend to $0.13 per share for the next quarterly payout as a sign of our continued confidence in the long-term prospects for our business. In terms of our financial expectations for full year 2012, we are now expecting adjusted EBITDA growth in the high-single digits with the possibility of low double-digit growth. Key changes since last quarter include the addition of VIA Travel and the second quarter outperformance, partially offset by a much larger headwind from foreign currency, from additional marketing spend we have decided to deploy in Asia Pacific and some slowdown in certain European markets, due to the tenuous global economic environment. With that, let's turn to questions. Operator, would you please remind listeners how to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the line of Tom White with Macquarie.
Tom White - Macquarie Research: I guess I was hoping you guys could give a little bit more color behind the decision to cross-promote the agency inventory with your merchant stuff. Is that kind of in response to stuff you were hearing from your suppliers? Or is that in response to any sort of competitive dynamics that you're experiencing or expect to experience? And then just maybe a little bit more color on VIA Travel. If you can give us any color as to kind of what that business is growing at? It looks like the revenue take rate might be a little bit higher than Egencia, is that sustainable? Any color you can give there, as well as were there any contribution to the hotel room night growth from VIA in the quarter?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Tom. On the first, on agency and merchant, what we're doing is responding to the marketplace and responding to consumer behavior. Obviously, the European markets are very important to us. They are quite fragmented, the European travel markets are actually larger than that of the U.S. and we have seen that, in Europe, the agency model is quite popular, which is what led us to the acquisition of Venere a few years ago. And we have been working in and integrating agency inventory along with our merchant inventory, but what we really wanted to come up with is a product that was better. There are certain consumers who like to buy merchant, they like to pay upfront, they want to pay in their local currency, they don't want to leave their credit card with a small hotel et cetera, at the front desk, and there are some consumers who do like to pay at the hotel. And we are just simply following that consumer behavior. We think that giving consumers the flexibility to choose is a good thing. We've tested it, and consumers seem to like it. And what we'll do is carefully rollout this program on a worldwide basis. And this is a rollout that we can measure, and we will -- our intention is to roll it out pretty quickly but we can pull back on the rollout et cetera, based on the results that we see. Mark, you want to talk about the second question, VIA?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So VIA is a leader in the Nordic markets. It is -- it's much more of a traditional corporate travel business, than certainly Egencia is. And traditional corporate travel businesses generally charge higher fees to consumers and take more phone calls off-line than certainly Egencia does. So that results in essentially a different P&L structure from that which you see at Egencia, which is higher growth. Egencia is doing the corporate travel, what? The Expedia business took the leisure traveler -- travel back in the late 90s, as they're a higher growth business, higher spend on technology but a much lower cost business from the perspective of the clients and that they don't have to pay fees and they're able to transact online. So over time, I would expect that, that combined business and the Egencia business, as we build it, to continue to scale and to continue to drive meaningful growth to our business. But the P&L will start to merge to be a combination of essentially those 2 P&Ls.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Stephen Ju with Crdit Suisse.
Stephen Ju - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So ADR's being down 1% year-over-year is a bit outside expectation, is that purely due to an increasing mix from eLong or are there other factors at play here that is not currency? And second, in terms of your revenue per room night, looks like the year-over-year decline moderated a bit this quarter. Is that a trend that you expect to continue? Well I guess the real question I'm asking is, whether you think the loyalty programs include pawning gets you better ROI versus straightforward marketing expenses because this is the second quarter in a row that you're demonstrating leverage on the marketing line?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So with respect to ADRs, there's a couple of factors there. The biggest one is -- the biggest 2 are probably eLong/the Asia business and foreign exchange. Domestic ADRs continue to be healthy, and I think that our ADRs would be consistent with, what? Broadly consistent with what you'd see in the larger domestic market. With respect to the delta between ADRs and revenue per room night, we did see a little bit of moderating this quarter. As I said last quarter, we are -- we did start to comp over the competitive pricing actions or discounting that Hotwire was doing. So that's what you're starting to see in those numbers. Q3 should be largely a clean comp on the Hotwire piece so that impact should lessen. And then we will also start in Q3 to comp over the Expedia Loyalty launch. And there is a little bit of help from that this quarter but not much. You'll see that a bit more so in Q3. And then you had a second question. Yes?
Stephen Ju - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I think that was my second question. If you've seen better ROI from I guess couponing and loyalty programs versus the straightforward marketing?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Right. Okay. Well, yes, I don't want to comment on, specifically, the ROI we see for specific programs. Obviously, we are looking to grow our loyalty programs at both Expedia and Hotels.com. We think they're great programs for consumers on both brands, and we'll continue to look to drive membership in those programs going forward.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs.
Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. I was wondering if you could give us a sense of what you're seeing specifically in the mobile area, in terms of traffic and conversions and how that might be trending and if, to any degree, that's -- that kind of usage is affecting the leverage that you're getting on marketing.
Dara Khosrowshahi: On mobile, it continues to grow very quickly, triple-digit growth rates for essentially all of our brands. The mobile transactions are starting to become a bit more diversified. They used to be essentially iPhone only, iOS only. We're seeing significant iOS, we're seeing significant mobile web. Tablet is starting to become a big player in mobile transactions and in traffic as well. So the traffic is broadening a bit. The handset business tends to be short-window, 70 or so percent of the transactions are within a day. The tablet transactions look more like desktop behavior, they're not necessarily short-window. And as far as marketing goes, we are still at the point where we're trying to establish and install base for mobile and, typically, when we market for an app download, it takes 6 to 12 months for the download of that app to essentially pay for itself and transactions over that app. So as long as the app downloads are growing for us and they're growing very quickly, you tend to pay more in marketing upfront and then you tend to get that marketing money back over time. And we're at that growth stage right now, where we're really not seeing any marketing efficiency as a result of mobile. But I think we're going to be in that stage for a couple of years. I think we're going to be net investors in mobile over a period of time. We want to establish a user base in mobile, in loyalty, so that we get users coming direct to us as well as through indirect channels like Google, TripAdvisor, metasearch as well.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth with JPMorgan.
Shelby Taffer - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is Shelby Taffer calling in for Doug. Can you give us the Hotels.com room night growth and also just some color on the performance by region, specifically in Europe and APAC?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So I just say that Hotels.com room night growth continues to be healthy. They're -- we did see some impact from southern Europe on their growth and, of course, they did defer a little bit of marketing spend this quarter into the third quarter, so it moderated somewhat. But it continues to be very healthy. On a regional basis, I think you can see the numbers. We -- this quarter, posted 16% year-on-year room night growth domestically, which was pretty strong, 18% last quarter. The delta between those could be explained entirely by leap year. So we continue to see strong growth domestically. As we've mentioned, there's a little bit of softness in Europe, and APAC continues to be strong. So across-the-board, we're feeling pretty good about what we're seeing globally.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Michael Millman with Millman Research.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Could you talk a little bit about the sequential, I guess, decline in leisure from 15% last quarter to release from the first quarter, 10%, and the second quarter? And also, on car rental, I guess a couple of things, you signed some new contracts with ERAC and Hertz. Could you talk about to what extent they might differ from existing? And then related -- we're now at peak season, peak travel season, at least, in the U.S. and probably Europe as well, can you talk about, on car rental business, what the peak looks like in terms of availability, in terms of revenue and in terms of fleet?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Mark, you want to take on leisure first?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. And I think -- I'm not clear what you're talking about specifically in terms of the 15% to 10%. But if you're talking about top line growth, we did again -- we saw some impact from FX in the quarter. It was more significant than what we've seen in the past. But again on FX adjusted basis, we're seeing pretty consistent -- consistently nice growth there as well. So again, that's looking at the gross bookings line.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I think most of the gross bookings line, the delta that you see there, is really air trends. Air tends to drive gross bookings. And you can see that the tickets sold growth was 3% in Q2 versus 5% in Q1 so that might've been the difference. As far as the car business, the deals that we've signed with our supply partners are -- tend to be broadly in line with the deals that we have signed historically. So not much has changed there. In terms of fleet, et cetera, we are seeing the car rental companies compressing their fleets this summer. Fleet sizes are tight. But we're not seeing retail pricing increase quite as much as we expected. So that's good for the leisure customer. But in general, availability is a bit lower than what we wanted to be. And when fleet inventories get tight, the percentage of transactions that we process through Opaque tends to be lower, and our retail part of the business tends to grow faster. So we're certainly watching the retail versus Opaque balance as well.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Lloyd Walmsley with Deutsche Bank.
Lloyd Walmsley - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I was just wondering if you could comment now that the air business in the U.S. has fully transitioned to the new platform on what you're seeing in terms of improved conversions and up sales to hotel, car and packages? And then coming off of yet another transition on the platform side, do you feel like, when you finally get the packages done that the improvements you drive can be done faster than perhaps your typical guidance for kind of that 6 to 9 months, I think you've said in the past, lag on conversion improvements?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. I think on the air side, we are encouraged by the early trends that we're seeing. We have launched kind of what we call our air end-to-end platform in the U.S, and we are kind of cyclically kind of launching it internationally as well. The first conversion, the early conversion improvements that we are seeing are in the upsell to hotels, cars, et cetera. So we're seeing some good numbers there, and we hope to keep that going. And in a couple of weeks to a month, hopefully, you will see a new -- a pretty new user interface for our air products. It's going to look pretty different from what it looked like historically. We think it's absolutely great, but we'll let our users decide. We roll out the stuff, we test it with users and then based on user reactions, we'll rollout the things that work globally. But I think by the end of the year, you're going to see a pretty different air product for Expedia than what you have now. And I think it'll be pretty different and much better. As far as the package pass goes, it's hard to predict. Our package business and the package technology, in general, is more complex than any other technology that we have on the site. So while we are getting better at these rollouts, we learn from our mistakes. And in general, the speed of integration of the business is increasing. I never underestimate the complexity of the packaged product. And so what I would count on is what you see now, which is gradual improvement every quarter, getting better. And if we keep that going, I think we'll have some pretty good results for 2013.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Tracy Young with Evercore Partners.
Tracy B. Young - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Yes, so 2 questions. One, can you just confirm when the -- when you expect the package's vertical to be completed? And also, I've noticed in some of the trades some comments about your ad agencies, that you've made some changes. Would you say that some of the difference that we're seeing in the advertising margin is related to some changes that you've been making on the advertising side? Or is it mostly related to expedia.com?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as packages goes, we think that we will be rolling over to the new package platform, essentially, towards the end of the year. So it might be plus 1 month, minus 1 month. And then as I've said before, a new platform is just that. Then you've got to start iterating on the front end and changing the user experience, and that is really going to get started in the first quarter of 2013, and it'll essentially roll forward throughout the year. We'll make small changes and we'll make big changes, we'll do lots of testing and learning, and I think we'll wind up with a much better package product. So 2013 will have a platform that we can play with. And then -- sorry, end of 2012, we'll have a platform we can work with and that will be rolled on traffic in 2013. As far as the ad agency, et cetera, we did change ad agencies at Expedia. We have launched a new campaign that we're really excited about. But I think it's far too early for that campaign to have had a material impact on our results. So I think to the extent that we see material impacts, we'll be seeing that in Q3 and Q4.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Herman Leung from Susquehanna.
Deepak Mathivanan - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: This is Deepak, guys, just sitting in for Herman. So I have a question about the hotel additions. I noticed that in the second quarter, you added about 5,000 hotels to the portfolio. I was wondering if you could discuss about what we could do probably to add more hotels going forward, probably that will help the hotel room nights growth. But what's the company's general strategy around increasing the hotel supply portfolio?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. So we did add about 5,000 hotels, we're up to just over 155,000 now. I would just say, generally, that adding hotels for us is not a significant barrier. We're pretty strategic in where we add hotels, we're pretty deliberate where we do it. And it really depends on what we're seeing around demand on our websites from our users and where they're looking to go, where we are undersupplied, relative to the demand we're seeing in our website and where we can benefit from adding more product for our consumers. So you could imagine where those hotels are coming from. It is in fast-growing regions like Asia Pacific, to some extent, in Europe as well. And we're always looking to do in-fill in North America as well.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Mike Olson from Piper Jaffray.
Andrew D. Connor - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: This is Andrew Connor in for Mike. Would just like to hear you guys talk about what stage you see us in the overall travel recovery, specifically within the U.S., we've been seeing REVPAR growth for 2 years now. So I'm just curious how important is REVPAR growth to your model, and are we approaching a ceiling in terms of occupancy or ADR rates?
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as REVPARs go, you're right. The numbers have been quite healthy and they -- the occupancy rates are starting to hit peak season, kind of the 70% range, which is pretty high from a historical standpoint. And listen, I think our model is a model that performs quite well in up-and-down markets. We tend to be a little bit more countercyclical than the market. In a kind of a poor economy, poor market, we tend to gain share pretty quickly. We get hit by ADR weakness. And in up-markets, we tend to get the benefit of ADRs and some of the suppliers who can fill up their rooms directly kind of do so more aggressively. As far as where the market is and where we think it can go forward, we do think that supply generally does seem to be tightening up. And at this point, we're not kind of -- we're not feeling like we're hitting a ceiling one way or the other. We think our inventory quality in the U.S. is really good. The deals that we have signed with our strategic partners provide very strong inventory for us. And we think as long as the inventory's out there, we'll be able to sell it, and we've got products that can sell the inventory in very long lead times, light packages. And then we've got products that can sell inventory at short lead times, such as the Opaque model and with Hotwire and also the mobile channel as well. So we're pretty comfortable with our product, and we think some of the technology investments that we made are going to give us kind of returns above market, which is certainly what we're gunning for and hopefully we can keep showing those returns going forward. Long-winded answer, I apologize.
Operator: And I'm showing no further questions at this time. I'd like to hand over to Alan Pickerill for any closing remarks.
Alan Pickerill: Okay. Thank you very much. Appreciate everybody jumping on the call today and for all your questions. The replay will be on the IR website, as usual, shortly after we finish the call. Appreciate your interest in Expedia, and we'll talk to you again next quarter. Dara, do you have any closing remarks?
Dara Khosrowshahi: No, thank you for your interest and thanks to all Expedia employees for a good quarter, and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference call for today. We thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Pickerill -  Dara Khosrowshahi - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Preferred Stock Subcommittee and Member of Executive Committee Mark D. Okerstrom - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of Corporate Development
Analysts: Tom White - Macquarie Research Rohit Kulkarni Bo Nam - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Herman Leung - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Paul Bieber Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Stephen Ju - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Nishant Verma - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Bill Lennan Tracy B. Young - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Michael Costantini - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Expedia, Inc.'s First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded today, April 26, 2012. I would now like to turn the conference over to Alan Pickerill, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Alan Pickerill: Thanks, Erin. Good afternoon, and welcome to Expedia, Inc.'s financial results conference call for the first quarter ended March 31, 2012. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, Expedia's CEO and President; and Mark Okerstrom, our CFO.  The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, April 26, 2012 only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate or similar statements. Please refer to today's press release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You will find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the company's IR website at expediainc.com/ir. I encourage you to periodically visit our Investor Relations site for important content, including today's earnings release. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense, and technology and content expense, excludes stock-based compensation. And all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2011.  With that, let me turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Alan. Expedia is off to a solid start this year, with $102 million of adjusted EBITDA generated in the first quarter, exceeding our own expectations. On the top line, gross bookings and revenue growth were again driven by strength in our hotel business, with global room nights growing 24%, a nice acceleration from the 19% we saw for Q4. Including the room nights from Expedia's joint venture with AirAsia, room nights would have grown by 27%.  As we mentioned last quarter, all of our major brands other than Expedia, continues to perform well, with combined revenue growth of 27%. Results for the Expedia brand are still not where we want them to be, but they did show improvement. Standalone room night growth has improved over the last few quarters from a slight decline year-over-year in the third quarter last year prior to the launch of the new platform, to mid-single-digit growth in the first quarter.  While it's clearly too soon to declare any type of victory, the Expedia brand team is starting to execute effectively, and we're beginning to see tangible evidence that our focused product-led game plan is working. It's also important to note that the technology projects on the Expedia brand remain on track. We're pushing a significant percentage of U.S. traffic through the new air platform and testing its performance. Optimizations are being implemented, and we'll continue the rollout of the new platform in the second quarter.  The work on packages is ongoing, and we expect it to be substantially complete by year end. We continue to innovate on the new hotel platform, and those of you that visit the site regularly can undoubtedly see some of these improvements. Having the capability to test quickly and broadly deploy new features are keys to success, and we've already run more tests on our new platform so far in 2012 than we did all of last year. We expect the most pronounced overall benefits come when consumers can enjoy the best shopping experience in online travel seamlessly across all of our product lines.  International revenue growth accelerated in the quarter versus the prior quarter, and we continue to aggressively scale our international businesses, most notably with our recent acquisition or recent announcement that we intend to acquire VIA Travel, a leading corporate travel company in the Nordic region of Europe. As of today, the deal hasn't closed, so our comments will be limited. But suffice it to say that this transaction is almost entirely complementary to our existing corporate travel business and gives us a strong position in that region. We're committed to driving scale for Egencia, and are pleased to be able to use our international cash for this purpose. Also in regard to international travel, we've recently partnered with Brand USA, promoting travel to America by matching advertising dollars for any travel brands that promote their destination or products to an international audience. We're also featuring participating brand partners on the Discover America landing page. Brand USA is a terrific public-private marketing organization that works with the travel industry to promote travel to the U.S., creating jobs in our domestic travel sector. Lastly, in terms of capital allocation, we've repurchased 8.8 million shares so far in 2012 for $291 million, exhausting our previous share repurchase authorization. Since our spin-off from IAC, we've allocated $2.7 billion towards the repurchase of our company's stock, returning approximately 36% of our share capital. And we've returned another 168 million to our shareholders through dividends since initiating that program a couple of years ago. We'll continue to look to add value for our shareholders through strong operational execution, as well as smart capital allocation. In summary, I'm encouraged with our progress in brand Expedia and with the continuing results of our other brands. Our strategy is on track, and our efforts are beginning to show signs of payback.  With that, I'll turn it over to Mark to talk about the financials.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Thanks, Dara. From a financial perspective, the first quarter came in better than we had expected, driven by underlying strength in our global hotel business. Of course, we did have some tailwinds this quarter with the favorable comps on airline ticket volumes and extra day from leap year and FX improving slightly since the last conference call.  As Dara mentioned, room night growth was robust at 24%, 27% including the results from the AirAsia joint venture, and accelerated from Q4 growth rates across all major geographies. Of particular note, total room nights in the United States were up 18%, accelerating versus Q4, solid evidence of our ability to grow our domestic volumes and share. Hotels.com, our largest hotel business as measured by room nights, led the charge with room night growth of 37% and sequential acceleration, again, across all major regions. Revenue per room night was down 6% on flat ADRs. The gap between the 2 metrics was driven by similar trends as last quarter. Also, keep in mind that growth in our APAC hotel business continues to outpace the other regions, and APAC represented a high teens percentage of global room nights in the first quarter. Since ADRs and revenue per room night are much lower in APAC, this will put downward pressure on per-room metrics for the foreseeable future.  With that said, we believe APAC represents a great long-term growth opportunity for us, which we're targeting with our diversified set of key assets including eLong, the AirAsia-Expedia joint venture, Hotels.com, Egencia and our growing affiliate business. Revenue from our air business represented 11% of our total revenue for the quarter, and although we grew ticket volume 5%, revenue per ticket was down 20% due primarily to reduced ticket economics combined with lower volume-based incentives. We expect revenue per ticket to continue to be down year-over-year for the duration of 2012, with the impact easing as we move through the year.  Other revenue grew 15% for the quarter on a combination of nice growth across car rental, ad and media, and corporate travel fees. Running through key expense categories, cost of revenue grew just a touch faster than revenue this quarter, as credit card fees grew along with the growth in our merchant gross bookings and as we added headcount to support our growth. This was partially offset by lower debit card fees and an increase in credit card rebates. Selling and marketing grew at a rate quite a bit slower than revenue growth, driven by decreased online spending for our Expedia brand. We have been systematically pulling out inefficient spend at Expedia and have been generally less aggressive on the marketing front for that brand given where we are in the technology migration projects. Excluding the Expedia brand, selling and marketing grew more in line with revenue. For Expedia, Inc., we do not expect to see the type of leverage that we saw in Q1 as we move forward in 2012. And we are forecasting full year selling and marketing to go broadly in line with revenue. Technology and content grew 26% for the quarter, and though a bit lighter than we had expected, we continue to see the year-on-year impact of the prior period build-up of headcount needed to complete our key technology projects. While we expect year-over-year growth of our cash spending on technology and content to decrease as we move through 2012, we expect that the recorded growth rate in future quarters will be broadly similar to what we saw in Q1 due to the relative levels of the capitalization of these costs and related depreciation.  G&A grew 10% for the quarter, largely due to headcount costs to support the overall growth in the business. From a capital allocation perspective, as Dara mentioned, we've repurchased 8.8 million shares for $291 million so far this year, and the board has authorized an additional tranche of 20 million shares for repurchase. We also paid our $0.09 per share quarterly dividend. Lastly, we announced the VIA acquisition, which we expect to close imminently. And assuming it does, you'll see its impact on our Q2 cash flow statement. In terms of our financial expectations for full year 2012, we continue to expect adjusted EBITDA growth in the mid-single-digit range. Remember that Q1 represents our lowest adjusted EBITDA quarter for the year. So while we're happy with the out-performance in the first quarter, it does not have a large impact on full year adjusted EBITDA. Consistent with prior practice, we are not giving guidance for Q2, but we do want to note that top line comps get tougher and at current rates, foreign currency translation, is a bigger headwind.  While we're quite pleased with Q1 performance and are incrementally confident about our ability to deliver these full year results, note that the majority of our annual adjusted EBITDA growth is expected to build in the back half of the year. And as such, the real story of our full year results is very much yet to be told. With that, let's turn to questions. Operator, would you please remind listeners how to ask a question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of Tom White with Macquarie.
Tom White - Macquarie Research: Great. Just a follow up on the delta between the ADR growth and the revenue per room night. Again, a pretty big difference. I understand the commentary about Asia Pacific. Can you just kind of remind us about the other moving pieces and any chance that, that delta sort of might narrow over the next few quarters in any meaningful way? And then just a quick follow up, can you make some color or comments on the ADR environment in Europe, the U.S. and Asia Pac?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. So again, the trends that we saw and the delta between ADR and revenue per room night were similar to what we've seen on prior quarters. Those were the impact of our loyalty programs, primarily of the Expedia brand. This time last year, Expedia did not have a loyalty program; they do this year. And so there's really a tough comp there. In addition, the Hotels.com loyalty program expanded internationally during the last quarter. And so again, we've got a tough comp on that front. The second impact that we mentioned on the last call, which was also happening this quarter as well, is competitive pricing actions. Primarily that is Hotwire, where Hotwire is having some pretty nice success, pushing volumes through, taking lower margins essentially. The third item was the impact of foreign exchange. That, again, was a factor this quarter. And then we also continued to see just mix shift in our hotel business, the chains, and otherwise less margin-accretive products. So those were by and large the big delta drivers between ADR and revenue per room night. If you look across those 4 things, on the loyalty front, you will start to hit clean comps as we move throughout this year. I think the Expedia program was launched through the end of Q1 and through Q2. So Q3, that gets to be a clean comp. Hotels.com, it's probably not going to be until Q1 of 2013 until you clean that comp. On the Hotwire actions, they've been doing that for a number of quarters now. So I suspect Q2, Q3, you might get a clean comp on that. And then -- it's always hard to say with FX. And the mix shift issue on Hotel is just something that's really hard to predict. I think your second was in terms of ADRs in various regions. We continue to see decent strength in ADRs. I think if you look at how our hotel partners, the ones that have reported the trends that they're seeing, broadly, ours were consistent with what they've reported. There is some pockets of ADR weakness in Europe that we have seen, and the rest of the world is by and large looking fairly healthy.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney with Citigroup.
Rohit Kulkarni: This is Rohit Kulkarni, sitting in for Mark Mahaney. Can you please remind us where you are in the technology upgrade process as in particular -- as far as hotels and air is concerned? Are you satisfied with what results you are seeing there? And then -- and can you share any metrics or anything along the lines as to what improvements did you see over the last 3 months from the technology upgrade project that you're doing?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Rohit. We're satisfied with the technology upgrade and our progress there. The Expedia Hotel path is -- has been on the new technology platform for the past couple of quarters. And while we won't share specific metrics, our room night volume -- standalone room night volume on Expedia accelerated nicely in the first quarter over Q4 of last year, which was faster than Q3 of last year. So on a sequential basis, our standalone room night volume is improving. We think that we're just getting started here. And the key here is just translating the new platform into actually new product to consumers that converts better and then marketing more aggressively against that product. So we are, I would say, early in that program, but we're already starting to see benefits of that program, and we expect to see further benefits in the back half of the year. Again, similar to what we saw in Hotels.com, although Expedia is somewhat disadvantaged because of its multi-product nature. We are also right in the middle of rolling over from our old air platform to our new air platform, and are actively testing single tickets, different types of transactions on the new platform versus the old platform. And we're actively right -- we're in the middle of that testing. We expect to see good results from that testing. We will then start rolling over all of our air ticketing on a worldwide basis to the new platform, which will then enable us to start really testing out new feature functionality and, hopefully, driving conversions. So the platform upgrade is happening as planned, and then hopefully, the feature functionality will follow suit just as you've seen in Hotels. And on package, that's going to happen really in the back half of the year. It's going to happen sometime in the fourth quarter. All of the work being done is on schedule, and you will see benefits of that, hopefully, next year.
Rohit Kulkarni: Okay. If I may add one quick follow up about -- so that translates to your technology spend? You did see some nice leverage in Q1. And so would it -- so how should we think about your technology staffing spend going forward? I would assume you're already behind majority of what you were planning to be spending on, and is that the right assumption to have?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I think on the platform-type investments, we now have the kind of headcount that we need to drive through those platforms. The increases that you're seeing are increases -- year-over-year increases based on the kind of increased headcount that we brought on last year. So from a cash spend view, our technology spend comps should get better as the year progresses. But then some of the capitalized numbers there are going to start coming through on the depreciation side. So from a P&L standpoint, based on what Mark said, you're going to see pretty significant increases for the balance of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth with JPMorgan.
Bo Nam - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is Bo Nam on behalf of Doug Anmuth. I just had 2 quick questions. First of all, are you expecting any positive impact from the London Olympics this summer? And then secondly, can you kind of go over some of your mobile strategy and how it differs from some of your competitors?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Bo. As far as the London Olympics go, we certainly do expect to see positive impact for London and the U.K. in general as a destination. I can't say that we've really worked it into our numbers or forecast. The demand profile and the supply profile of the business are so global now that particular Olympics and a particular price isn't going to really move the needle too much. But the market management team is prepared, and we've got good inventory in London during those times. As far as our mobile strategy goes, it is really moving along all fronts with Hotels.com really leading the charge there on the mobile side. One of the feature sets that we have are exclusive kind of same day-only-type booking functionality for Hotels.com on a worldwide basis. And then we're also tying in the WelcomeRewards loyalty program into our mobile products as well, which is a very popular program for Hotels.com on a worldwide basis. On Expedia, we have rolled out the Expedia Hotels App, which has been built by a combination of our teams and the Mobiata teams. And later in this year, we are going to launch an air product that we're very excited about. And then Hotwire, of course, we've relaunched on a mobile basis as well. So I think mobile right now is at the stage of kind of consistent execution across all of the brands. It is starting to become a channel that we're quite focused on, and it's clearly one of our fastest-growing channels. And we're very hopeful that the volumes are going to increase and the kind of volumes that we're seeing are incremental to our base business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Herman Leung of Susquehanna.
Herman Leung - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Two quick questions for you. First, I would say on the hotel conversions that you've seen, I think you noted on the fourth quarter that conversions, you started to see some improvement, and you saw a -- probably a little bit more in that testing. Can you kind of give us an update on how that has progressed in terms of better conversion rates and potential for increased marketing on just that hotel platform specifically? And then second is on some of your chain hotels. I know that some of the contract negotiations sort of gave a little bit of margins. But a little bit more brands are now -- the Expedia brands are now working with some of the chain hotels. Wondering if you saw an increased volume as part of that change? And I have a very quick follow up.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as hotel improvement, we are seeing continuing strong conversion on the hotel side. I think that we will see more, and we are -- when I talk about the acceleration of kind of the A/B testing that we're seeing in Expedia, has significantly accelerated in the first quarter versus where we were in the fourth quarter or third quarter last year. So while some of the improvement that we're seeing in the Expedia hotel volume is because of stronger conversion, along with better strength on the variable marketing side, I'm certainly expecting more. The more tests you do, usually, the more tests succeed, and then you pick the successful ones and you roll them out worldwide. And we're kind of right in the middle of that process. I know you can obviously see from the strength of the Hotels.com brand is that -- that's a -- that's kind of a flywheel that you can continue with for some period of time. So Hotels.com conversion, in particular, now that it's rolled over kind of the one year anniversary of the platform continues to get better as we roll out more and more products and as we optimize the sites better, get rid of bugs, et cetera. So we're hoping to see that conversion clock continue, and I think Expedia's early in the path, and the Hotels.com team and the EAN teams, et cetera, are kind of well down the path and I think are -- proven that, hopefully, this is something that we can keep going for some period, of time. As far as the chain negotiations go, we are seeing very healthy volumes with the chains. Our relationships continue to be quite good, and we have and will have some pretty significant negotiations coming up this year. We're confident that we'll continue to work with our major chain partners. But other than that, we're not going to get into the specific details of the relationships one way or the other.
Herman Leung - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Got it. And then just a quick follow up. I know TripAdvisor launched a very -- an early competitive product on the hotel side called Tingo. And I know they are using Expedia as affiliate inventory to build that business. I mean, because you guys spent a lot on TripAdvisor, I was wondering how you feel about TripAdvisor launching their own sort of similar OTA-like business, or do you kind of just see it as an affiliate business?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Listen, our philosophy on the affiliate business is we're opening up our systems for anyone to innovate on top of. We've got internal brands that are incredibly strong, are very innovative. But we welcome other brands and other ideas using our inventory because it benefits both of us. It pushes hotel volume down to our hotel partners. We have, obviously, economic share in that transaction as well. And we think innovation in the travel business is a good thing. So we're working very closely with TripAdvisor on Tingo. We think it's a cool, new product, and you're right. In some ways, it's a competitor, but in a bigger way, we think that it's a partner. And that kind of open philosophy of having a completely open marketplace is something that's pretty fundamental to what we believe, and it's not something we're going to change.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Sandler with RBC Capital Markets.
Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Guys, I just want to reconcile the comment about the full year guidance. So you said mid-single digits. The majority of the EBITDA growth coming in the second half, which given the 24% that you just put up, would imply a pretty material decline in either 2Q or 3Q. So can you just give us a little more color about that, or is that just some conservatism baked into the guidance? And then the second question is, the 18% domestic room night growth accelerating, can you just parse that a little bit between Expedia.com and Hotels.com? Where is the acceleration coming from? And is any of it from the platform?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Got it. So in terms of full year guidance, all I'll say is it's just way too early to tell. Q1 is just such a small quarter for us. We do have some much harder comps going into Q2. So we're just really not at a point in the year where we can start taking up guidance. I don't want to get into much more in terms of sort of how we think the year is going to unfold. But again, I think it's just too early. With respect to domestic room night growth, we've had help really across all of our major businesses. So I wouldn't even be able to isolate for you a particular laggard or winner. It's really been strength across. And I think, as Dara mentioned, some of the benefits from having the new hotel path out and seeing some of the conversion uplift are starting to show through on the Expedia numbers, and that's really happening globally, and it's happened in the U.S. as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Millman with Millman Research.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Two questions. One, to follow-up a previous question, particularly regarding mobile, which seems to be moving the industry into one day or almost same day. The question is, what is the long-term effects likely to be on the OTAs and on the hotels, and on the rental cars regarding their pricing and, in fact, how will they market? And my second question, what signs are you seeing that, in fact, the rental car, U.S. rental car fleets have tightened? And maybe you can talk about any particular geographies that stand out one way or another.
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as the question on same day bookings, et cetera, I think -- listen, the effect on the hotels and suppliers is going to be that they need to be much more careful on the revenue management front. And they also need to be able to balance those short-term bookings with the book of business, kind of a long-term book of business, which, for example, on the Expedia side, it's really the packages business that we offer to those hotels. So the more they can balance that short and long term, the better off they are. But they do have to, I would say, revenue manage more aggressively and also take advantage of different consumer channels kind of more appropriately. The parity pricing everywhere, I think is going to be tough to pull off when you've got mobile channels, you've got maybe Facebook channels, when you can market specifically to consumers, let's say, in Japan and Germany, differently from consumers in other countries. So I think that, that there is going to be a real change in how hoteliers and our partners revenue manage. And, hopefully, we will help them with a balanced book of business, leisure, corporate, package, standalone, desktop and mobile and also deliver to them lots of intelligence on where the demand is coming from or where the demand is weak on a relative basis. As far as the rental fleets go, the volumes that we saw in the first quarter were healthy, but pricing was somewhat less healthy. Pricing was a little weak. But we have seen the fleets get tighter, and we are expecting pricing to tighten up a bit, although I can't give you specifics on kind of the result in pricing. I think we'll see those results coming in Q2 more than we saw in Q1.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Post with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Paul Bieber: This is Paul Bieber for Justin. Given the strong performance of Hotels.com, by how much do you think the room nights growth can improve on Expedia.com when we look out 1 to 2 years of new tech platform? And then secondly, just on the competitive landscape, in the U.S., are you seeing any impact from Booking.com's efforts in the U.S. or Google's Hotel Finder product that they're experimenting a lot with?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. So I'll take -- actually take the second question first. I think if you look at our domestic room night growth this quarter at 18%, accelerated from prior quarters, I think, it's decent evidence of the fact that we can continue to grow even our domestic market. We are the largest in the U.S. We sell about 1 out of every 20 room nights that's sold on any channel in the U.S. And we're the biggest. So there's lots of headroom in the U.S. market. I think we've said it in the past, the -- that the global travel market is a very big opportunity. I think there's room for both ourselves and our competitor, our primary global competitor to grow on into the future before we really start bumping into each other. So with respect to the growth expectations for Expedia relative to what we've seen with Hotels.com, it's really hard to predict. I would just say that we were pleasantly surprised with what we saw with Hotels.com, and we are encouraged with what we've seen with Expedia. And I guess it is possible that we could see Expedia hit those growth rates. I do remind you, though, that Expedia is just a little bit more of a complicated business with it being multiproduct. And so there's a little bit more complexity to it. And it's a little bit larger in some markets like the U.S. But theoretically, if we get this right, again, it's a huge market with lots of opportunity, and there's lots of room for growth for Hotels.com and Expedia. And if we get the technology right, I think there's lots of opportunity ahead.
Mark D. Okerstrom: I think the structural disadvantage, at least near-term, for Expedia is that the package business for Expedia accounts for a fairly significant portion of Expedia's room night volume, and a higher portion of Expedia's profitability. And with higher average ticket prices, capacity in general on the air side being down on a year-on-year basis, and our package platform being on the old platform versus the new platform this year, our packaged volumes are going to be somewhat more muted than our air -- than our standalone hotel volumes. And when -- then when you look at Expedia on an overall basis, that's a relative disadvantage versus Hotels.com. A fair amount of Expedia's hotel volume also comes from up-sells from the air path, et cetera. And again, with air being weaker than stronger this year, that's a bit of a headwind. Now when we move over fully to the new technology platform on air packages, et cetera, we hope to get those businesses growing again. But the economics, the unit economics of those businesses are certainly going to be a headwind for us. So listen, we've seen a nice progress on Expedia. We expect more progress going forward. We're certainly not counting on Hotels.com-like results. Although we'd be pleased as punch if we got them.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray.
Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Just one quick one. Can you just talk about the top 1 or 2 international markets that you're feeling you're gaining most traction in for the last couple of quarters and kind of into the next couple of quarters? So just -- which markets, narrowing it down to a couple, would you say you're most excited about?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, there are a number of attractive markets for us. Again, it's a global business, and we are working to build a platform that crisscrosses people from anywhere to anywhere. From a, call it, point-of-origin perspective, China continues to be very exciting for us. As you know, we own a significant portion of eLong. And judging by the performance in prior quarters continues -- we continue to feel good about eLong. Latin America continues to be exciting. It's still fairly small. Brazil is an interesting market. And we are seeing traction there. And then with our Expedia-AirAsia joint venture, Southeast Asia, India, Japan are all places where we're getting very nice traction, particularly in that business but it has a distinct competitive advantage given the exclusivity it has with the leading low-cost carrier in that market. So I would say there are a bunch of opportunities and a bunch of pockets of growth that we're seeing in the business. We like China. We like Latin America and the rest of Asia is interesting. And we still think there's room and lots of room for us in Europe as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Kopelman with Cowen and Company.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: You touched on it a bit, but could you just give us a little bit more color on the results you're seeing from the Google Hotel Finder platform? If you're seeing any impact on advertising expense or conversion rates? And has it changed the way you think about the paid search channel at all?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Kevin, looking at -- at this point, it's a pretty small channel for us, but growing nicely. The -- it's a nicely efficient channel. But the volumes, compared to the overall search volumes or the volumes in other parts of the business, are pretty small. So I think in short, it's really too soon to tell. It's not having any real effect on spend conversion rates one way or the other.
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, got it. And then just one more question. Just switching to air for a moment. Obviously, a smaller part of the business, but just given the difficult trend, can you help us think about how that -- how or if that impacts free cash flow as the year goes on?
Dara Khosrowshahi: The air business in general is a relatively small part of our overall profitability and I think of our overall free cash flow. Obviously, we're fighting the headwinds that we talked about, the ATP's and the capacity, especially domestically. And what we're hopeful is that the new products that we're going to be offering under the new platform will offset that through conversion, a better user experience, et cetera. But clearly, there are macro headwinds that we're fighting our way through.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Stephen Ju with Crdit Suisse.
Stephen Ju - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Your bookable hotel properties are about flat quarter-on-quarter. So I'm wondering if you're waiting for your technology improvements to be fully in place and thereby, generate more demand before more aggressively trying to add properties and I guess the supply side of the equation, or is there something else that's holding back the growth there? And secondarily, is there any way you can shed some light on what the ADR and the revenue margin change would've been if you strip out the downward pressure on both from eLong? And Mark, just to confirm, you said eLong was a high teens percentage of the room nights total?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Great. So let me just start with the bookable hotel properties. We did add some properties in the quarter -- over the course of the quarter. And what I'd say on that is, this is a game of balancing supply and demand. We are constantly looking at the balance between the bookings that we can deliver to a hotel and the number of hotels that we have. And you'll see us go in -- to some extent, sometimes fits and starts in terms of our property additions just depending on our -- the demand side of our business is doing, and whether we're feeling like we're particularly supply-constraint given the demand we've had. We did have a period over the course of the last few years where we've been pretty aggressive in building up our inventory position, helped in part by the agency product that we brought on with Venere. And so we've had some time to really have demand catch-up. And I think we'll see what happens throughout 2012, but our focus is going to be primarily on really sort of optimizing what we've got and adding tactically as opposed to a massive acquisition effort. Just with respect to the specific question you had on eLong, that was actually a reference to all of our Asia Pacific business, which includes the AirAsia joint venture, Hotels.com, our EAN private label business that powers J-Lon [ph], for example, which is the leading OTA in Japan. So it's not just eLong. And then you had another question with respect to ADRs and revenue margin trends. I would say that we have seen fairly consistent patterns, what we've seen in the last few quarters, we've seen some strength in the U.S. and some pockets of ADR weakness in parts of Europe, where they've had particular economic troubles. But no real sort of broader trends than I would -- that are worth commenting on.
Stephen Ju - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So on a like-for-like basis, everything is fairly stable. It's just a mix issue with eLong starting to account for a greater percentage of the total. Is that a fair characterization?
Kevin Kopelman - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Well, again, I don't want to go into specifics around the impact of eLong. I would just say that there are a number of factors, as I said, impacting the delta between ADR in revenue per room night, of which eLong or APAC are not specific to one cause in terms of that delta, but rather that the overall impact on ADRs and revenue per room night from our APAC region is something that we're going to continue to see. Some of that is eLong probably, and some of that is a bunch of the rest of our businesses essentially.
Stephen Ju - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Lastly, does the hotel chain inventory convert at generally higher rates versus some of the, I guess, the unbranded inventory?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Chain inventory tends to be higher ADR than independent inventory.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Scott Devitt with Morgan Stanley.
Nishant Verma - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: This is Nishant Verma for Scott Devitt. I just had a quick question on marketing expenses. Expedia had about 200 basis points of leverage this quarter. It looks like about 100 basis points was due to the reduced spend in Trip. I'm just wondering for the rest of the year, how do you expect -- and do you continue to expect leverage in sales and marketing?
Dara Khosrowshahi: So what you saw this quarter was primarily the impact of our Expedia brand broadly being much more efficient with its online marketing spend across all channels. That was -- it's really something they've been focused on. I would consider that, to some extent, an anomaly for the quarter. Part of that again is just the systematic process they've been going through. Part of it is they've been working on the technology platform, and so they've been a little bit less aggressive. But I think the way I would think about it going forward is that on a full year basis, for Expedia, Inc., we expect sales and marketing to be growing broadly in line with revenue for the full year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Lennan with Monness, Crespi, Hardt.
Bill Lennan: I have 2. The first one is about Google, particularly in Europe. Could you tell us how much you think the European Commission inquiry -- or the fact that they're looking at the Google, inhibits Google's behavior. And to put it another way, if the European Commission laid-off Google tomorrow, how much -- how differently would they behave in Europe? That's the first one. The second one is, if you look at Expedia and Priceline as the market, I know that's not realistic, but the numbers we get on hotels room nights only come from Expedia and Priceline. If you look at -- if you add those 2 together, the hotel room nights you've sold, Q1 last year was an outstanding quarter. It was very -- it was such a very difficult comp that accelerated over Q4 and Q3. Going into this quarter, I was a little nervous, and you put up a great number. And assuming a normal share shift, the number that Priceline and Expedia put up together will be another acceleration on an extremely difficult comp. So my question is, what do you think is behind that? Is this just Asia starting to matter in the numbers, or have we hit an inflection point? Have we got -- have we reached a steeper point on the S-curve where offline travel agents are really dying and people are really starting to embrace online travel booking?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Bill. Those are some tough questions, good questions. I say as far as Google and the EU, it's just impossible to speculate on what their behavior would be based on different circumstances. Obviously, we are worried about Google's power, which we consider monopolistic and which we think potentially could result in difficult circumstances for businesses working with Google as well as consumers. And we've made that -- those concerns apparent to the EU to -- and it's something that we're working on actively. But it's very difficult to say how would Google behave one way or the other. The fact is, we've got a good working relationship with them on a day-to-day basis. We're very big clients of theirs, and we'll see how that relationship progresses on a go-forward basis. As far as Expedia and Priceline and the markets, listen, I go back to what Mark said before. This is -- travel is an enormous market. We are the biggest online player in the U.S., and we're only 5% of the room night share. I think that Priceline has been executing for many, many years, and they've been executing quite effectively. And we are starting to execute more effectively as a team and across our brands and across our geographies. I really can't make a statement as to whether this is a -- signifies a change in the industry one way or the other, or offline to online share, I will say though that the increasing share of Asia Pacific as a percentage of our overall volumes is something that we're quite excited about. And hopefully, something that we can build going forward.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Tracy Young with Evercore Partners.
Tracy B. Young - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Two questions for you. Obviously, you're growing a nice cash balance. I'm just wondering where it is domestic versus international? If you can give -- I know you have the closing of VIA still to come, but if you can give some guidance on that. And then also, how should we be thinking about guidance relative to FX? You have a big headwind for you in second quarter. So is there anything in there that I might have missed in terms of guidance for FX?
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So I'll start with the second question first. With respect to FX, our -- one of our largest exposures is with respect to the euro. If you remember what happened this time last year, the euro started to bubble up into the north of 140 territory, and that's certainly not where we are right now. So if rates hold where they are, we could see some decent headwinds in Q2 and spreading potentially into Q3. With respect to our cash balance, we did have about 100 -- we did about $150 million offshore. The rest is domestic. We have been pretty successful in our ability to deploy our international cash against international acquisitions or incremental purchases in eLong and would expect to continue to be able to do that.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak with Nomura Securities.
Michael Costantini - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: This is Michael Costantini for Brian Nowak. I'm just wondering if you can give us some more detain on your room night growth, if you'd give the breakdown between domestic or international, that would be helpful.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I mean, I think the number that we've already given is that our domestic, specifically our U.S. room night growth, is growing 18% year-on-year and the overall number is 24% globally, 27% if you include the AirAsia joint venture joint venture.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back to Alan Pickerill for closing comments. Please go ahead, sir.
Alan Pickerill: Okay. Thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call today. A replay of the call will be available on the IR site shortly after the call is over. We appreciate everybody's interest in the company. Dara, do you have any closing comments?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. Just thank you, everyone, for joining us, and a special thanks to the Expedia Inc. employees for a solid quarter. And hopefully, more to come. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Expedia, Inc.'s First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-09 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Pickerill -  Dara Khosrowshahi - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Preferred Stock Subcommittee and Member of Executive Committee Mark Okerstrom - Senior Vice President of Corporate Development
Analysts: Tom White - Macquarie Research Naved Khan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Unknown Analyst Bo Nam - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Herman Leung - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Paul Bieber Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Brian Nowak - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Stephen Ju - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Tracy B. Young - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division
Operator: Gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Expedia, Inc. Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded today, Thursday, February 9, 2012. I would now like to turn the conference over to Alan Pickerill. Please go ahead, sir.
Alan Pickerill: Thank you, Joe. Good afternoon, and welcome to Expedia, Inc.'s financial results conference Call for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2011. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, Expedia's CEO and President; and Mike Okerstrom, our CFO. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, February 9, 2012, only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate or similar statements. Please refer to today's press release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors, which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You'll find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the company's IR website at expediainc.com/ir. I encourage you to periodically visit our Investor Relations site for important content, including today's earnings release. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense and technology and content expense, excludes stock-based compensation. And all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2010. With that, let me turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Alan. The fourth quarter wrapped up a solid year for Expedia. As promised, we completed the spinoff for TripAdvisor in the fourth quarter, unlocking significant value for our shareholders.  There's a significant effort from a lot of folks in our organization, and we're happy to have successfully completed the transaction. We're now completely focused on our standalone travel transactions business and eager to prove that we can achieve healthy and meaningful top line and profit growth in the years to come. We're investing in key technology projects on modern platforms that will allow us to innovate much more quickly. Additionally, we're investing in international expansion in order to position the business well for long-term growth. As such, although we saw transaction growth of 11%, gross bookings growth of 12% and revenue growth of 14% for the full year, these investments led to cost deleverage with adjusted EBITDA growing just 1%. For the fourth quarter, gross bookings grew 10%, revenue growth -- grew 7% while adjusted EBITDA was down 4% year-on-year. Mark will have more to say about this after my remarks. Our key technology projects are on track and proceeding as expected. As we mentioned last quarter, the Expedia brand hotel product is on the new platform, and the team is testing and rolling out new innovation that are showing early signs of success.  While the overall Expedia brand performance for the quarter was unsatisfactory, its standalone hotel room night growth, as measured on a book basis, improved for the quarter compared to what we saw in Q3, and a conversion is headed on the right direction. Air and packages continue to perform poorly, however, and are weighing on that business. We believe that air and packages are key to the Expedia brand value proposition, and we'll continue to invest appropriately.  We successfully tested the new air product for Expedia brand site, and we'll roll it out through Q1, with the majority of traffic expected to be on the new platform, end-to-end air path by the end of the quarter.  We also moved portions of the package product on to the new platform, but we still don't expect to have the end-to-end packages product finished until the back half of 2012.  To be clear, we don't expect improvements from this platform or to have a meaningful impact on Expedia brand's financial returns until the back half of 2012. But it is one of our top priorities, and we're optimistic we will see things begin to turn. We continue to progress on our international expansion with Hotels.com in particular, seeing healthy room night growth across all regions. Our Expedia brand is 6 months into its joint venture with AirAsia, and we see excellent growth rate and progress in that new business.  Although we don't consolidate the results for the JV, including it would have contributed roughly 200 basis points of total room night and revenue growth for the quarter. Importantly, the Expedia brand launched 11 new points-of-sale in 2011, representing a new record for that brand. And this week marks the full consumer launch of Expedia Mexico, which now features our full air product. Mark will spend more time on the quarterly results, but I did want to highlight our robust 19% room night growth, 21% if you include the AirAsia joint venture this quarter.  With the exception of Expedia brand, all of our major brands delivered year-on-year room night growth this quarter as good or better than what we saw in Q3. Overall room night growth in APAC accelerated nicely, while room night growth for the EMEA and Americas region was largely similar to what we saw last quarter. Importantly, we continue to grow room night at a healthy pace in the U.S, despite its relative maturity, showing that there's still plenty of growth to be had here in what is our most mature market. We spent a total of $134 million on increased investments in eLong during 2011. We believe that China represents a unique and extremely sizable opportunity, and we're happy to be able to continue investing in that market.  For Egencia, we're also pleased to have completed the acquisition of Traveldoo in the fourth quarter, a leading European provider of corporate online booking tools to enterprises and TMCs. The acquisition addresses a new segment of the managed travel market that we don't capture with Egencia's integrated solution.  And although the business operates under Egencia, we'll run Traveldoo on a completely standalone basis. In many cases, Traveldoo will compete with Egencia in the same way that our leisure brands compete with one another today. We're excited about the corporate travel space, and this acquisition adds to our portfolio, leading companies as we continue to position the business for long-term growth. In closing, with 2011 behind us, we're squarely focused on executing our 2012 plan. All of our brands are doing quite well with the exception of Expedia brand. We know we have to turn that business around, and we have a good playbook, and the teams are executing.  As we move into 2012, we'll face some really tough expense comps early in the year, but those will abate as the year progresses. By the end of the year, we'll have completed our key technology projects, setting us up for faster profit growth in what we think will be an excellent 2013. The business continues to generate significant annual free cash flow, and we'll be disciplined in our capital allocation and our stewardship of that cash. With that, let me turn it over to Mark.
Mark Okerstrom: Thank you, Dara. From a financial perspective, Q4 came in largely as we expected. Strong room night growth was the gross bookings and revenue driver for the quarter. Room night growth was broadly strong across all regions with mid-teens growth in the Americas and EMEA region and much faster and accelerating growth in APAC.  Revenue per room night, however, was down 5%. And the gap between 2% growth in ADRs and the decrease in revenue per room night was driven primarily by 4 key factors, each of which I would roughly equal weight. We had a year-on-year headwind from the foreign exchange book-to-stay impact. Note that although this depresses revenue per room night, it is largely offset from an economic perspective through our hedging program, and has relatively little impact on adjusted EBITDA. Mix also pushed down the revenue per room night. As we saw last quarter, we saw faster growth in our chain hotels versus independents.  The cost of our loyalty programs also had an impact. For the Expedia brand, this is a relatively new program, which we did not have in place this time last year. And for Hotels.com, this is a program that we recently rolled out to all of our international markets.  Note that we managed this item more like selling and marketing expense, but we do record it as contra revenue. And as we mentioned last quarter, we continue with certain competitive pricing actions designed to ensure that we are putting the best possible deals in front of our customers. As expected, our air business was down sharply in the quarter due to an 8% decline in ticket volume combined with an 11% decrease in revenue per ticket. The revenue per ticket pressure came from a combination of lacking the change to our merchant air accounting, which we described last year, and lower overall unit economics from recently negotiated contracts. These were partially offset by higher interline fees and consumer fees on certain international points-of-sale. Generally, we are expecting continued pressure on the air business in 2012. From a brand perspective, we once again saw strong revenue performance pretty much across the board, with the exception of our Expedia brand, which was down 9% year-on-year. Revenue growth for the total business, excluding the Expedia brand, was 21% for the quarter. Running through key expense categories, we saw a nice leverage in cost of revenue this quarter, which was aided by an easier comp for Q4, due to acceleration of some nonrefundable merchant fees and some onetime adjustments in Q4 2010.  As expected, selling and marketing grew faster than revenue, driven largely by mix shift into our Expedia Affiliate Network and Hotels.com businesses. This impact was partially offset by a reduction in selling and marketing for Expedia. In addition, selling and marketing headcount grew across most of our brand, as well as within our supply organization. Technology and content grew 29% for the quarter as we continued to see year-on-year impact of the buildup of headcount needed to complete the key technology projects, which we have discussed previously.  Growth in G&A expense was much higher than we certainly are striving for on an ongoing basis, due to number of factors, which are individually insignificant, but when combined with growth in people cost, drove deleverage. These included a tougher year-on-year bonus comp, consulting costs for the reorganization of our supply group and increased expenses related to our efforts to turn the Expedia business around. Also as we mentioned last quarter, we did have onetime expense of roughly $7 million in Q4 related to our London office move. This item is spread across multiple expense categories. Moving on to taxes, our GAAP effective fax rate was lower than expectations for the fourth quarter, and certainly lower than we can expect going forward. This was primarily due to a higher proportion of international earnings and favorable adjustments to our valuation allowances. Please note that our go-forward blended tax rate will be lower than it was when we owned TripAdvisor, since the travel transaction business has a higher relative proportion of earnings in the international regions with lower tax rates.  Though precision can be difficult on this one, we would expect our effective rate to be in the range of 25% to 28% in 2012. We've had some favorable adjustments in the last couple of quarters, and the obvious caveat here is that these can sometimes go the other way. Free cash flow totaled $618 million for the full year and grew a robust 32%. We used a portion of that free cash flow to make acquisitions and investments totaling just under $200 million, including the Traveldoo acquisition and the eLong transactions mentioned earlier.  During the year, we also repurchased 10.6 million shares on a presplit adjusted basis of Expedia for just over $280 million, and we paid out a total of just over $75 million in dividends. As we've said consistently over the years, we generate robust cash flow and as such, can invest appropriately in the business while making opportunistic acquisitions and returning cash to shareholders. As you may have seen in our earnings release, our quarterly dividend is now $0.09 per share effective for the March payout. In terms of our financial expectations for full year 2012, we are expecting adjusted EBITDA growth in the mid-single-digit range. As a reminder, our revenue is significantly more seasonal without TripAdvisor and our expense comps are quite tough in the first and second quarters, with easing expected as we move throughout the year.  As such, we expect most of our adjusted EBITDA growth to build in the back half of 2012. Note that we are basing our guidance on the foreign currency rates that we can see now and we don't try to forecast any future FX fluctuations. Before I wrap up, a few quick housekeeping items. As we mentioned last quarter, you'll see from our recent disclosure that we've switched to adjusted EBITDA as our primary operating metric. It's effectively OIBA plus depreciation with one other primary difference, being the additional exclusion of reserves for occupancy tax litigation settlements. Occupancy tax settlement reserve items are now outside of our core non-GAAP operating measure and outside of G&A. Going forward, they reside in the legal reserves occupancy tax and other line item of our GAAP financials, and I would encourage investors interested in these matters to read the related disclosures in our SEC filings. You can see the complete definition of adjusted EBITDA in our earnings release along with the reconciliation to GAAP measures.  Further, for Q3, we had estimated that our international gross bookings grew 6% on a currency-neutral basis. Since then, however, we have taken another look at this and now estimate that international gross bookings actually grew 14% in Q3 on a currency-neutral basis. Lastly, as part of the TripAdvisor spinoff, we retired our 8.5% notes. The expense associated with this is just under $40 million and will be recorded in the first quarter of 2012. The expense will be recorded in discontinued operations, and as such, will be excluded from adjusted EBITDA and adjusted net income.  With that, let's turn to questions. Operator, would you please remind listeners how to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Tom White from Macquarie.
Tom White - Macquarie Research: I had a quick follow up on the ADR growth versus revenue per night. On the couponing and loyalty piece, in particular, how should we sort of think about that over the course of 2012? Any change the way you guys are going to be doing that, I guess, maybe based on macro factors?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. So I think there's 2 pieces to that question. One on couponing, the other on loyalty. If it's couponing, if you're talking about the competitive pricing actions, I think listen, going forward, when we see ADR and ATPs such as they have been, you could expect to see that happening. Now ADR growth has slowed down a little bit. So it's potentially in 2012 you can see that item easing. But it's tough to say, you'll have to see how things unfold. On loyalty, the thing that's really impacting that item in this quarter, last quarter is the fact that we didn't have the Expedia program last, last year at this time. So you've got to -- you basically got a really difficult comp. Now that program was rolled out in probably Q1, really part of Q2. And so as we roll through 2012, the comps on that front will get easier. We also saw an expanded rollout of the Hotels.com program, which, again, is to some extent a onetime item. That happened basically in Q4. So again, you'll see that with a little bit tougher comps throughout 2012. I will say with loyalty as one of those items that as these programs mature, they start to harden up. And until that happens, you can sometimes see fluctuations in the loyalty accruals, which certainly we did see last quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Naved Khan with Jefferies.
Naved Khan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: It's Naved Khan from Jefferies. So if you sort of look at Europe, and would you comment about the environment you saw in the Q4 and you're seeing today in terms of leisure bookings? Can you sort of give us more color as to what's going on in the different markets there especially between the Northern Europe and Southern Europe?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Naved, we haven't seen too much change. Last time we talked to you, we said we saw some spotty weakness in Southern Europe as far as the economies and the effect on travel spend, and we haven't seen much change there. I think the significant change in Europe between Q3 and Q4 are foreign exchange rates that really started going against us fairly significantly in Q4 with all the news coming out of Europe. But operationally, European room nights, et cetera, generally were stable. I'd say Expedia in Q4 had a bit of a weaker quarter in Europe than what you saw in Q3, but I think that was more of an Expedia issue versus a macro issue.
Naved Khan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, good. And then about the sort of the revenue per room night sort of coming down, I think one thing you mentioned was the mix. And when we sort of -- when we have to think about the mix, what's driving the shift towards, I want to say, the larger hotels versus the independents.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. So there's a couple of things driving that. One is we have seen particularly with Hotels.com exceptionally strong growth in the U.S. And the U.S. is a market that is much more chain-heavy than Europe. So that's one driver. That said, we've also seen pretty strong performance by the chains in Europe. But I think it was -- if we could pin it on something, it would probably be growth in the U.S. And just, listen, those good partners of ours utilizing our channel effectively.
Mark Okerstrom: Naved, I'd also add that when we get in early into markets, for example, the Asia Pacific markets, because we have global deals with chains, we have instant chain inventory and very high-quality chain inventory in those markets. And then typically we go into the market and we fill out, not only the chain inventory with independents, et cetera. So when we talk about the Asia Pacific markets, for example, and we're seeing lots of acceleration there, we're adding inventory there, the chains do get a good bit of market share in those marketplaces. Then we'll look to fill up the independent hotels as well. But right now, we've got very good relationships with the chains. They are -- they merchandise quite effectively in our marketplace. And we find that the supply partners who have the closest relationships with our market managers on the ground tend to merchandise pretty effectively and they get an unfair share of our demand, and the chains are doing a really good job of that.
Naved Khan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And the last question is about the Groupon partnership and how that might have contributed to sort of the pressure on the room rates -- on the room night, sorry.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. The Groupon partnership at this point is too small a contributor to the full business. We're very happy with our partnership with Groupon. I think they announced pretty amazing results maybe yesterday. And so -- but at this point, it's just too small to move the needle overall. I would say eLong, for example, in China, as it gets to be a larger percentage of our overall volume, could move the average ADRs. And in general, we are also working on other kind of flash sale-type products. Expedia has a great product called ASAP, which is a fun, amazing price. Travel-Ticker is a nice business as well. Those businesses, I think, are already at a larger scale and over time, could affect the balance of ADRs going forward. So Groupon isn't significant yet, hopefully it will be.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney with Citi.
Unknown Analyst: So this is Eric [ph] one of Mark's associates calling from his line. We were interested in knowing if the competitive pricing actions happened in the U.S. or internationally.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Eric [ph], sure. It is a mix. Generally, the biggest driver there is Hotwire, with their opaque rates. Again, they've got a very price-sensitive customer. And in environments like this, they do drive significant volume through discount. And so that would be the primary driver. There is a few other things, call it, scattered around the world, but mostly the U.S.
Mark Okerstrom: We're also, in general, we're testing customer sensitivity to package pricing. And in general, we're working on our revenue management with packages pretty aggressively. But that's a worldwide endeavor. It's in the U.S., it's in Europe and it's in the Asia Pacific regions as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth with JPMorgan.
Bo Nam - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: This is Bo on behalf of Doug. Just had 2 quick questions. One is can you give a little bit more detail about Hotels.com's performance in APAC and Latin America? And then secondly, if you can provide any color on your plans for buybacks going forward in 2012?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Mark is going to answer that question on behalf of me.
Mark Okerstrom: Listen, I don't want to get into specific, call it by brand, by region performance. What I will say, though, is that Hotels.com has got a pretty effective formula that works around the world. I think they are -- they're going significantly in the U.S., a pretty mature market. They're seeing very healthy growth rates in Europe. They're seeing really nice growth rates in Asia Pacific and have had a lot of success in Brazil and other parts of Latin America. So I would say that the Hotels.com business, although certainly growing faster in Asia Pacific and faster in Latin America than the other regions, has really got a formula that's working globally. And I think if you look -- just to give you a few numbers, in Asia Pacific, that growth is triple digit. So it's pretty significant, and they have seen acceleration quarter-to-quarter. So there's still plenty of opportunity there, lots of headroom, big markets, they've got a formula that just seems to be working.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And as far as the buyback question, I think -- listen, look at what we've done in the past. I think our capital philosophy as a company hasn't changed, which is we create very significant cash flow. We will allocate that cash to the best use of cash. And over the past couple of years, because of the health of our cash flow that there's been a mix of M&A and buybacks. We very much believe in reducing our share count over the long term, and that should not change on a go-forward basis. We'll be opportunistic. But over the long term, I think you should expect to see buyback activity from us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Millman with Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: It seems that the chain hotels are working very diligently to disintermediate, to take themselves from OTAs and others. It looks like on the other hand that's a large part of your business, biggest growth you had within merchant. I wonder how much risk you see in, I don't know, putting all your eggs in one basket is appropriate, but something like that. And secondly, given that it looks like enplanements have been soft in the last couple of months. Airlines, reducing capacity. Same thing, looks like it's happening in car rentals. Can you talk about what you see happening going forward in pricing and availability in both airlines and car rental?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as the chain hotels, listen, they're working on their own initiatives. But our relationships with the chain hotels on the ground remain very, very strong. And obviously, our volume remains quite strong. I think that the chain hotels view their business very similarly to how we view our business, which is you want to make sure that you have a balance of direct business and you want to make sure that you are getting as much share as you can from the large marketing channels out there. So would I rather have a direct booker than a booker from Google? I'd rather have a direct booker, but I'm doing everything that I can to build a relationship with Google, make sure we're great at search engine marketing, make sure we're great at SEO, et cetera. And I think the chains are doing the same thing with us, which is we're seeing very good work with them. We have great merchandising partnerships with them and we run terrific promotions with them and we don't see that changing. And I think they're doing exactly what they should be doing, which is making sure that they've got a good balance with direct business as well. This is a very, very large industry. It is a global business, and I think during this recovery, you're seeing businesses like ours grow and you're seeing the chains grow. And the point is that in this kind of economic recovery, travel is a great place to allocate capital, and travel companies are going to grow. So I don't see a significant risk there as long as we do what we're doing, which is provide a great product for our consumers everywhere and being great partners for our suppliers.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Do you see significant risk in profitability from that business?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I'm not, as long as we grow volume, as long as we build great service for consumers. I think we've demonstrated to you that we've been able to growth room nights at healthy rates. And as long as we grow room nights at healthy rates, I think the revenue will follow. As far as the second question, as far as enplanements being soft in airlines. In general, we are seeing some pricing softness from our car partners. The good news is that we're seeing very, very strong opaque inventory on the Hotwire side, and that business is really doing quite well. We're also seeing a lot of competition from what I would call tier 2 and tier 3 vendors as far as pricing against the top brands out there, which is hitting pricing to some extent. The car companies, I think, the fleets are at appropriate size, but I think the car companies have to be a bit more aggressive on pricing in order to get kind of the utilization of the fleets to where they need to be. So that -- those are the trends that we're seeing on the car business. We don't expect those trends to change going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Herman Leung with Susquehanna.
Herman Leung - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Two quick questions for you guys. First is you talked about some contra, the cost of the loyalty program that you just launched in Expedia and Hotels.com. Just wanted to be clear. Is that -- so that's a contra revenue item. So I was wondering how much revenue was understated because of some of these new loyalty programs. And then second was wondering if you're also, given the FX decline from third quarter into the fourth quarter, if you're seeing a little bit higher demand from U.S. travelers over to the European side.
Dara Khosrowshahi: So on the -- the impact of loyalty contra revenue, I don't want to give specific numbers. But if you thought about that for the quarter as going high-single digits, low-double digits, you'd be in the right ballpark. So not a massive number yet. But in low periods like this -- is the programs we're building that can have a pretty significant impact. In terms of FX declines impacting U.S. volume, we haven't seen a lot of that yet. And I think it's tough to tell. The FX rates were just so, so volatile that it's difficult to see where things will settle out and what will happen. But we haven't really seen that impact.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Post with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Paul Bieber: This is Paul Bieber for Justin Post. I was hoping you could provide some color on the ADR growth in Europe, North America and Asia? And then secondly, how would you characterize the overall CPC environments? And then I have a quick follow-up question afterward.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. I think in general, ADR growth has been fairly healthy in both the U.S. and Europe. I would say, kind of low single-digits growth. And it's been fairly consistent. European ADRs did take a negative kind of -- the growth rate in European ADRs slowed down because of FX, foreign exchange. The same went for APAC. So I would say on a same currency basis, things didn't change. But on a U.S. currency basis, the international ADRs that were quite strong at the beginning of the year became less strong in Q4. But again, that's not a fundamental issue. That is purely a foreign exchange issue. As far as CPCs go, we see CPCs, in general, we haven't seen very significant movement on CPCs in most of our different marketing segments. In general, we've seen CPCs move up and down with ADRs and we're not seeing significant change in that area.
Paul Bieber: And then I just want to make sure, did you say that the European room nights were stable quarter-over-quarter, the growth?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Sandler with RBC Capital Markets.
Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Dara, a couple of questions. Where do you think hotel room night growth can go once the Expedia.com upgrade kicks in? I think you start to comp the acceleration at Hotels.com mostly in the first quarter, if I recall correctly. So can you maintain this current level or potentially accelerate into the back half? And then Mark, the merchant revenue margin declined a little bit more than expected, totaling 40 bps year-on-year. Is that from the same factors that impacted revenue per room? Was there anything onetime that impacted that margin, including some of the renegotiations with partners or that mix? A little color there.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Ross, on the room night growth. Listen, all other things being equal, when E3 is complete, I would expect to see room night growth accelerate for Expedia, not only standalone room nights but especially packaged room nights that have been a negative factor. And I would hope to see that in the second half of the year. Again, we haven't done it. But that's why we're investing the way that we are on the technology side. We're not going to make predictions on where Hotels.com, the room night growth and our private label room night growth are going to go, which other than saying that they have been healthy. Hotels.com has already lapped the big increase in acceleration in room nights that it experienced. So the lapping has already happened. And Hotels.com has continued to maintain high revenue -- sorry, room night growth. And hopefully, with execution, we'd expect to see that continue on a go-forward basis. But again, we know that we have to prove that out to you. I think the Q4 room night number was really healthy, and I think it was really healthy without Expedia hitting on all cylinders. So if we can hit on all cylinders, we could see things get better. But those are a lot of ifs at this point. And Mark, do you want to talk on...
Mark Okerstrom: Yes, sure. So, Ross, on the margin revenue margin decline of 240 bps, on a year-on-year basis, there's a few things going on there. One is you've got essentially the same impact from the revenue per room night decline. So the same drivers that I mentioned on that front. You've also got a tough comp on the air side because in that number is also the Q4 2010 essentially pull in of revenue that you're comping over. So those things basically hit it. So there are certainly some one-timers in that decline, nothing significant to report on actual like-for-like margin declines in terms of renegotiations with partners, particularly on the hotel side, there is obviously some headwind. On the air side, although, generally, that's been less palpable in the merchant air side of the thing.
Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. If I could just follow up on it. So I think you guys are -- you're comping the American Airlines quarter next quarter. So taking that in context with the comment on the EBITDA growth for the first half versus second half, is there any additional investment that you're making? Or is it just that the seasonality is a little bit more accentuated now that Trip is not in the mix.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, the big thing is the seasonality combined with the fact that in 2011 we brought on a significant number of technology heads through the quarter. So you've got the confluence of 2 things conspiring against us in Q4, which is our lowest seasonal revenue combined with really tough expense comps. So that's the biggest, really impact in Q1.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Nowak with Nomura.
Brian Nowak - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I have 2 quick questions. First one, are you seeing any changes in market share in any of the larger U.S. metropolitan areas where it seems Booking.com has been getting access to more inventory? Just curious about any competitive updates. And then the second one is also semi-related to the U.S., any updates on the Marriott negotiation they mentioned a few months ago? Then any other key contracts coming up for renewal?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. As far as market share in the U.S., it's tough to tell. What we can say is that our U.S. room night volume remains quite healthy. And we haven't seen any change in the growth there. So to the extent that Booking.com is taking share, they're either taking share from supplier direct or offline or some of the other players. We're certainly not feeling it. We take them very, very seriously. They're a major, major competitor of ours, not only here in the U.S. but worldwide. But as we've said before, there's plenty of room for -- in this marketplace, especially as long as we've got the tailwind of Internet penetration behind us. And I will add that, again, when you step back and you look at the U.S. market, our share of the U.S. lodging market has gone -- has grown from low single digits to 5% over the past few years, and it continues to grow. And to us, that's the most important factor as far as market share goes. As far as update on Marriott renegotiations, we don't comment on individual renegotiations with any of our large partners at any point in time. We are probably in discussions with a significant partner. We do have some key renewals this year. And once we're done with those renewals, we'll certainly report back to you on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Heath Terry with Goldman Sachs.
Heath P. Terry - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: TripAdvisor spoke last night about declining CPCs. I was wondering if you could -- if you're seeing any benefit to your marketing return on investment from that shift? And just more generally, where are you seeing the highest value or impact from your marketing spend online?
Dara Khosrowshahi: It's too soon to tell as far as TripAdvisor goes. We have taken some of our CPCs down from where we were when we were combined companies certainly. I'd say especially on the Expedia side. As Mark said, Expedia's marketing spend has come down year-on-year. But we are in kind of in the middle of measuring the relative volume effect relative to the increases or decreases in CPCs there, and we're right in the middle of it. So I think it's too soon to tell. I think our CPCs will settle out with TripAdvisor as the year moves on. They're an incredibly valuable partner to us. They continue to grow the channel. And with the amount of content that they have and their worldwide expansion, they are going to be a bigger part of ours 5 years from now than they are today. As far as our marketing ROI, the best ROI that we get on our marketing spend is bringing consumers directly to the site. It's the brand investments. Its investments that we're making in e-mail, et cetera. The difficulty in those investments is you don't see the direct ROI on those investments. So the strategy that we have is to keep investing in the variable channels, keep increasing our efficiency, hopefully, in those variable channels as we operationalize conversion improvements, and just how good we are in those variable channels. And then try to convert more and more of those consumers to our loyalty programs into direct consumers. It's a lot to do, but we think it's a sound strategy, and we're executing on itas we speak.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Ju with Crdit Suisse.
Stephen Ju - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I wanted to dig a little bit more into the revenue per room night compression and as it relates to eLong. I think their room night growth is around 40%, and it's my understanding that their commission rates are lower versus Expedia overall. I think their ADRs are lower as well. So is it conceivable that you may continue to see revenue per room night growth lag that of the volume growth? Or is that impact too small to really discern?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. So I don't want to get into eLong numbers, of course they haven't announced yet. Of course they were healthy through Q3, and they continue to be a pretty significant part of our overall room nights. I think -- listen, generally, that when we grow into APAC and Lat-Am regions, that movement into those markets could generally blend down our revenue per room night. And again, we're fine with that. We view those markets as very attractive. Generally, the marketing economics go with the revenue economics. So on a contribution basis, we're completely fine with that impact happening and we're driving to the global opportunity, and those markets are a big piece of that.
Mark Okerstrom: And we think it's almost like charging up a battery because over time, as those consumers move into more mid-market and higher-market hotels, we will get the benefit of those revenue per room night increasing over a long, long period of time. While short term, it's pressure. Long term, we think it creates almost stored-up earnings over along period of time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Crissey with UBS.
Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Can you use your hotel partnership relationships with the airlines to encourage them to get Google to direct business to Expedia?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Explain that to me again, Kevin, because it's an idea. I'm trying to understand what you're asking.
Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Well what I'm trying to ask is I mean you're providing the hotel inventory for 2 of the largest U.S. airlines or 2 of the largest airlines in the world or actually the 2 largest, right? And at the same time, they're not directing your air traffic through Google Flight Search. Couldn't you provide economics that make that attractive to do?
Dara Khosrowshahi: We theoretically could. But those are 2 separate economic relationships, and we're pretty pure about separating those businesses. Our private label business, the business that powers Delta and Continental United now, is essentially a standalone business of ours. It reports directly to me. It has its own technology team. It has its own profit and loss statement. It goes out and captures any and all business that it can, including business that could be competitive with the brands here versus the competition, which are often kind of the ugly siblings of the brand. This is an independent team that got their own technology. They're building amazing technology out there. They're growing room nights really fast, accelerating through 2011. And we think that this strategy could be a unique differentiator for us in the long term. So what I don't want to get in -- do is get in the way of that team that's executing incredibly well and mix up their issues with other issues that we may be having with Google or airlines, et cetera. Frankly, I want to stay the heck out of the way of those guys because they're doing great. So I don't want to mix the 2, and we have lots of different relationships with the airlines and Google, and hopefully we can resolve those relationships kind of on their own.
Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And as a follow-up -- okay, though, a separate question here. I struggle a bit on understanding where we are in the cycle overall the economics/travel cycle. Because if I look at corporate travel, it looks relatively normal over the last 3 years. You had a sharp V-shape recovery in 2009 and in 2010, which has continued for the next couple of years, and it's showing up in your Egencia numbers, I imagine, as well. But then at the same time, the economy has been relatively weak. And it's just starting to recover from high unemployment. So when I think of the travel cycle, I think of a 5, 6-year horizon, after which there's another downturn. Are we 3 years in or are we 1 year in?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Boy, that's a great question. We've got a great -- lots of great questions. Listen, it's tough to say. I think what I would say is that generally, we do very well in, call it, the slack economic periods, which is when it really hits the bottom, we get a lot of volume, but we get lower revenue per transaction, so we do okay. And at the top, when the travel market generally is at high capacities and ADRs and ATPs are at their peak, again, we're not at our best. But in between those periods, we generally do pretty darn well. If I had to peg where we were right now, it's not the bottom, it's not the top, but it's certainly somewhere in between, and I think that's where we like to be.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tracy Young with Evercore.
Tracy B. Young - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Yes. I just have an expense question as far as the stock comp. Can you give us some more clarification is whether that -- end of year? Or is that something that's ongoing?
Dara Khosrowshahi: You're talking about the growth in stock comp that we saw in Q4?
Tracy B. Young - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Yes.
Dara Khosrowshahi: The big, call it, abnormal chunk of that related to option adjustments in connection with the spinoff of TripAdvisor.
Mark Okerstrom: So otherwise, trends would have been normal.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, otherwise trends would have been normal. Again, people that had unvested options essentially got doubled down in Expedia options when TripAdvisor spun off.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray.
Michael J. Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: I apologize if this question was already asked, I got on late. But I just want to get kind of the latest update on how you guys are thinking about metasearch as a friend or foe. And is it basically is it a valuable lead generation tool? Or does it ultimately end up becoming a path to competitive bookings on direct sites?
Dara Khosrowshahi: It's a good question. I think we view metasearch as a complementary product to our product, and ultimately friend. Our metasearch partners have been big partners for us for many, many years, including Kayak in the U.S., a number of metasearch players in Europe. They serve a different customer than our core customer who likes what we do and come back to us day after day after day. And they open us up to a set of customers that we can convert into kind of repeat customers for Expedia. Now again, it's similar to what I said about Google. Would I rather have a customer come to us directly? Yes, I would. But that doesn't mean I'm going to close myself off to millions of customers who come to metasearch sites on a daily basis. We want to be -- have our unfair share in every single channel out there, and metasearch is a really important channel, and we think will continue to be a growing channel for us.
Operator: Now I'd like to hand the conference over to Alan Pickerill with any closing remarks.
Alan Pickerill: Hey, yes. Thanks everybody for joining us on the call today, for all of your questions. We'll have a replay of on the IR website shortly after we finish the call here. Dara, did you have any closing comments?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Just special thanks to Expedia employees. We had a tough year in 2011, a lot of people worked very hard especially on the TripAdvisor spin. So thank you to everyone, and looking forward to how we do in 2012.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Expedia, Inc. Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect. Thank you for using AT&T Conferencing.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Pickerill - Director, Investor Relations Mark Okerstrom - Senior Vice President of Corporate Development Dara Khosrowshahi - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Preferred Stock Subcommittee and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Brian Nowak - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Herman Leung - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Stephen Ju - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Mark S. Mahaney - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Scott H. Kessler - S&P Equity Research Naved Khan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Tom White - Macquarie Research
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Expedia Inc. Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded today, October 27, 2011. And I would now like to turn the conference over to Alan Pickerill, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Alan Pickerill: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Expedia's Financial Results Conference Call for the Third Quarter Ended September 30, 2011. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, Expedia's CEO and President; and Mark Okerstrom, our CFO.  The following discussion, including any responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, October 27, 2011, only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate or similar statements. Please refer to today's press release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements.  You will find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the company's IR website at expediainc.com/ir. I encourage you to periodically visit our Investor Relations site for important content, including today's earnings release.  Finally, unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense, and technology and content expense, excludes stock-based compensation, and all comparisons on this call, will be against our results for the comparable period of 2010.  And with that, let me turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Alan. First, I'd like to take a brief moment to welcome Mark Okerstrom as our newly appointed Chief Financial Officer. Although Mark has only been in the role for a matter of weeks, he's been with the company for over 5 years and has been a key member of our leadership team. His knowledge of both the industry and our company will prove invaluable in this role. With that, let's jump into the call. Our third quarter was a solid quarter, with a number of key pieces of good news along with a handful of challenges. Overall, the revenue growth of 15% was quite healthy, and we saw solid top line results across all of our brands with the exception of Expedia, which, as we mentioned last quarter, is in the middle of a major transition. Excluding the impact of the $12 million expense to increase our occupancy tax settlement reserves, operating income before amortization grew 12% for the quarter, right in line with our forecast. Including this item, OIBA grew 8%.  Adjusted earnings per share growth this year remains healthy at 13% for the quarter and 15% year-to-date. Our brand results continue to be A Tale of Two Cities. Revenue for Expedia brand was down 1% year-over-year for the quarter, while all of our other businesses grew at an impressive combined rate of 29%, demonstrating the real returns that we've created as the result of the investment that we made in those businesses. The transition of the Expedia platform remains a key initiative. I'm pleased to report that our projects are on track and the playbook is being executed. We've now largely completed the worldwide rollout of the end-to-end hotel product on the new Expedia platform and we've seen steadily improving conversion rates for our stand-alone hotel product since the beginning of the year. Unfortunately, the financial benefits of these improvements has been largely offset by decreases in our air and package volumes. Our focus is now on getting our air and same path [ph] ready for migration early next year, building on our packages platform for 2012 release and iterating on a fast push basis for improvements to our booking results. We are in build-and-execution mod,e and the experiences in our other businesses leave us confident that the future payoff is going to come.  In terms of international expansion, we've officially launched our joint venture with AirAsia at the beginning of the quarter, and are off to a strong start. The team is aggressively pushing forward and the exclusive areas of content is now available on 9 sites in the APAC region. We're proud to be partnering with AirAsia and we've got the right team in place, and we continue to be quite excited about this approach. And remember, the joint venture is exclusively with our Expedia brand, we also have Hotels.com, eLong and TripAdvisor with their completely separate efforts in the Asia Pacific region. So our overall approach to the region is quite broad. They require a lot of hard work and solid execution to ensure success in this fast-growing market.  TripAdvisor once again delivered robust growth with the revenue growing 30% year-over-year. We delivered a host of enhancements on the TripAdvisor site that have resulted in significantly higher rates of review collection. We continued with our highly successful Facebook integration, having now personalized the TripAdvisor experience to over 57 million people, and we just announced our 10 millionth mobile app download. We've also streamlined our hotel pages and limited the number check rate options, both of which are aimed at improving the user experience. We believe the latter changes have will continue to have a negative effect on our monetization due to a reduction in click volume, which should be mitigated over the long term by increasing CPCs, as we'll be sending higher-quality clicks to our partner sites. We're already starting to see this happening, but it's too early to fully quantify the net impact. Overall, we do believe we can continue to grow the top line at healthy rates, even as we make these user improvements. It's fair to assume that in the near term, TripAdvisor's profit margins will be under a bit of pressure as result of these user experience changes, slightly reduced spending from the Expedia brands, sales and marketing required to continue to expand aggressively into international markets and cost associated with being a stand-alone public company.  In closing, it's noteworthy to mention that we just celebrated the 15th anniversary of Expedia brand, which is a good time to reflect on where we've been as a company and where we think we can go from here. Our employees have built a company that we're very proud. We're the largest travel agency with annual gross bookings of close to $30 billion and TripAdvisor is the world's largest travel media company with over 50 million monthly unique users and 50 million reviews and opinions in 30 countries. Both of these businesses have significant competitive challenges, which frankly has always been and will always be the case. And at the same time, enormous opportunity. We believe that the travel market will see a period of accelerated change and innovation over the next 5 years, much of which we plan to drive. We're excited and energized by the challenges and opportunities ahead of us, and we believe that we're positioned for success.  With that, let me hand it over to Mark.
Mark Okerstrom: Thanks, Dara. I'm glad to be joining you this quarter, and I look forward to meeting many of you that are on the call in the weeks and months ahead. The headline is that excluding the increase to our occupancy tax settlement reserve, the quarter came in largely as we had expected. Gross bookings growth was driven by our hotel business with room nights up 16% year-over-year and ADRs up 7%. Now remember that in Q2, we comped over the volcano and that in Q3 as Dara mentioned, we are not consolidating the results of the joint venture we have with AirAsia. Normalizing for these 2 items would make the Q3 room night growth much more comparable to that of Q2.  Air and packages continue to underperform, in part on higher airfares which were up 12%, contributing to a decline in total air ticket volume of 10% year-over-year. From a revenue perspective, our growth drivers continue to be our hotel and advertising and media businesses. Hotel revenue grew 18% this quarter, primarily on volume, representing our second best rate of growth in almost 4 years. Ad and media revenue growth was led by TripAdvisor, which grew third-party revenue 34% this quarter.  As Dara mentioned, the real story of our performance is told from a brand perspective, as we are continuing to see very healthy growth rates from Hotels.com, Venere.com, Egencia and our Expedia Affiliate Network business, each of which grew their gross bookings at a rate well above 30%, driving very strong OIBA growth. The historical investments we've made in these businesses enable us to deliver solid innovations to the market and drive this bottom line performance. So if we execute as well on the Expedia playbook and get that business performing more in line with the others, we believe that we'll drive excellent future results. In terms of macro trends, though we are encouraged by the developments of today, we have been reading the same headlines that you've been, and continue to monitor the potential impact on travel broadly and more specifically on our volumes. And though we have seen pockets of isolated weakness primarily in Southern Europe, we're hesitant to attribute too much to the economic climate. However, we are certainly incrementally cautious relative to the last time we spoke to you. With the exception of the increase to our occupancy tax settlement reserve, expenses grew largely in line with our expectations, especially as a percentage of revenue. We again saw nice leverage on the cost of revenue line on some healthy credit card rebates and efficiencies in our customer support organization, as well as some past -- as a result of some past investments we have made. G&A grew faster than revenue, primarily as a result of the increase to the occupancy tax settlement reserve, as well as higher consulting and headcount cost for the Expedia brand, as we reorganized and reset that business for the future. Over the long term, we continue to expect to grow G&A slower than revenue.  Selling and marketing, and tech and conten,t also grew faster than revenue as we had expected, and as will be the case for at least the next several quarters. Our effective tax rate was lower than we had expected this quarter, primarily due to favorable adjustments arising from our annual return to provision reconciliation, as well as higher international earnings. We expect the Q4 effective rate to return to being near the high-20s.  Free cash flow has been quite healthy this year, with growth of 28% for the first 9 months of the year. We continued share repurchases in the third and into the fourth quarter, buying back at total of 8 million shares or $224 million since we last spoke. As we have said consistently over the years, we generate robust cash flow, and as such, can invest appropriately in the business, while making opportunistic acquisitions and returning cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We expect this to continue to be the case going looking forward. In terms of our financial expectations for full year 2011, we have had a few factors that have developed as headwinds since our last call. These include foreign exchange trending against us, improved user experience efforts at TripAdvisor, mentioned by Dara, the Q3 increase to the occupancy tax settlement reserve and an expense of roughly $7 million that we expect to take in the fourth quarter related to the move of our London office. With full consideration of these factors, we expect to deliver full year OIBA growth in the mid-single digit range. You can think of the Expedia transaction businesses as delivering full year 2011 OIBA that is flat to slightly down, while TripAdvisor's full year segment OIBA is expected to grow in and around 20%.  As a housekeeping item, we've decided that following the spin-off of TripAdvisor, we will switch our primary operating profitability metric from OIBA to adjusted EBITDA. TripAdvisor also expects to use an adjusted EBITDA measure going forward. Also, as you likely saw on our S4 filing, we do plan to retire our 8.5 notes prior to the spin-off of TripAdvisor. The expense associated with this is expected to be slightly less than $40 million in the fourth quarter. We plan to exclude this item from OIBA and adjusted net income.  With that, let's turn to questions. Operator, would you please remind listeners how to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Steven Ju with Crdit Suisse.
Stephen Ju - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So Dara, it seems like hotel room nights growth was fine, but air ticket volumes saw some deceleration. Will you help us reconcile what might be happening here? Is this just a matter of hotel volumes charging ahead on the conversion rate unless you're seeing following the improvements to the technology platform and the air ticket volume weakness is really indicative of what may be happening in the general macroeconomic environment?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. Stephen, I'd say that it's those factors combined. We look at the air environment; we are in an environment where average air ticket prices, average airfares are up 12% and the airline yields are at all-time highs. So to some extent, that has pushed out leisure customers. Business customers, we're finding, are continuing to fly. We're seeing good, solid volumes on Egencia. But our leisure customers are price sensitive, and as a result in general, we're seeing more weakness on the air side than the hotel side. There are some other factors that are affecting our air volumes. One, is that in general, some airlines are restricting their forward distribution on metasearch site, that hurts our traffic coming in. And again, the airfare environment is another factor. We have also introduced some fees on an opportunistic basis and some European point of sales, as well as some interline fees. For example, in the U.S., which helped our revenue per air ticket, but certainly hurt our air ticket volumes. And then I just said on the hotel side, one thing that we are benefiting from is continued optimization on the Hotels.com, on our EAN site, on Venere, as well as the Expedia end-to-end platform, which has successfully started to turn around conversion and turn hotel conversion positive, while we're not yet getting that benefit for Expedia on the air and the package side. So one thing that we're really looking forward to are the potential positive benefits. And we're pretty darn confident that we'll get those positive benefits for Expedia when we rollout the air platform early next year and the package platform in 2012.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom White with Macquarie.
Tom White - Macquarie Research: A couple of questions on the AirAsia JV. On the last call, you talked a little bit about the revenue headwind in the third quarter. I was hoping you could comment a little bit on the expense impact or I guess lack thereof from the deconsolidation this quarter? I know there were some areas of investment you guys were focused on in AsiaPac. And then just secondarily on that, low-cost airlines are pretty important components of the ecosystem in some of your international markets. Is it possible you guys might look at other similar JVs in other key markets like that?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. In general, while we don't break out the average results, the general rule of thumb that you should use is that it's not consolidating the joint venture. If the joint venture was consolidated in with our results, gross bookings and revenue would be growing faster by 2% on a year-on-year basis. And the joint venture was profitable in the quarter. So while there are expenses against the revenues, we're in excess of expenses and it was OIBA profitable. So it didn't quite hurt OIBA growth rate as much as it hurt top line revenue growth rates. But that's certainly something for you to keep in mind when you're looking at our numbers. As far as LCCs go, they are very important to the ecosystem, especially in Europe and in Asia. We have been working to build out our LCC inventory in Europe, and I think the supply team has done a very good job there. And in Asia, obviously, we've started the AirAsia joint venture, and we're getting the exclusive inventory there, which we think is an incredible long-term asset for building out the Expedia brand on a Pan Asian basis. And there is no Pan Asian OTN. I think this positions us in a unique way to win that race and that plays. At this point, we're going to see how the joint venture with AirAsia bears out. There's a lot of work ahead of us. We love having them as a partner. And to the extent that, that works, we're always open for something similar elsewhere. But at this time point, it's not something that we're actively looking at.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Sandler with RBC Capital Markets.
Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just couple of questions. So Dara, you just mentioned the JV was 2% of revenues. So does that mean that room night growth would have been around 18% if we include APAC versus the 21% last quarter? Can you give us an apples-to-apples comparison? And then could we give an update on the spend timing? And then lastly, I think you said, you're incrementally more cautious on Southern Europe. So can you just elaborate on that, which countries are you seeing it and how much are things actually slowing down versus last quarter?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I'll let Mark take those questions.
Mark Okerstrom: Sure. So first question, just about the impact of the areas of joint venture on room night growth. There's a couple of things going on there. I think as Dara mentioned, there is about 2% of growth deceleration, if you will, resulting from the AirAsia joint venture. In addition to that, we are, in Q2, in the sense that we have the benefit of the volcano comp, which helped prop up growth rates, as did some timing on Easter. So there's a few things happening. And if you normalize for those items, you get much closer to a comparable room night growth rate. The spend timing. So spend timing is by and large as we've been saying, we expect it to happen in Q4. Things are tracking according to plan. It will be the latter part of Q4. And we'll be back to you with timing on road shows, et cetera, when we have more information.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And then the comments on Southern Europe. I would say that the slight decrease in growth that we've seen is something that we're watching pretty carefully. The most significant factor that's affecting our lodging business and the results are actually foreign exchange rates. Foreign exchange was a pretty significant tailwind in Q2 and for the beginning of Q3 and for Q4, obviously, we're not expecting that tailwind based on the comparable foreign exchange rates in Q4 of last year. So this is -- it's a strange time from a week-on-week basis, we'll have a terrific wee, and we'll have an okay week. I think it's just too soon to call a general trend. But if you look at our numbers and the room night growth that Mark was talking about, in general, it's pretty comparable to what we saw in the second quarter with Southern Europe just being incrementally a little bit weaker than we've seen earlier in the year.
Operator: Next question is from Naved Khan with Jefferies.
Naved Khan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Can you guys break out the bookings growth in Hotels.com? And Dara, you spoke about the progress on Expedia.com, were you platforming effort? Can you sort of give us more insight into how exactly you are approaching this and what you saw in Q3 and how the trends look like in October?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. Naved, on Hotels.com, Hotels.com come in Q3 just shot 40% on a gross bookings basis. Keep in mind that the comps for Hotels.com got tougher in Q3 versus Q2 because of, one, the volcano comps that Hotels.com enjoyed. And if you remember, last year in Q3 was when the Hotels.com platform started to really take off and started to really perform. So the Hotels.com team now has to optimize the site and draw conversion above what was a pretty well-performing site in Q3 of last year. But we continue to see very healthy growth for Hotels.com, both on a top line and on a bottom line standpoint. As far as the Expedia replatforming goes, the approach that we've taken is to replatform, first, the hotel path from an end-to-end basis. And basically, what we're doing is building out a completely new path on the new E3 is what we call it platform. And then pointing consumer traffic to that new path. The advantage of the platform is quite simply that it's a platform where we can iterate on at substantially faster speeds than the old platform. We do take our time to kind of redesign what we think is a better, smoother experience. And that significantly better experience, along with the ability to iterate and introduce new feature sets more quickly to the site and test the efficacy of those feature sets, has translated into steadily improving conversion on the hotel path since the beginning of the year, and in particular, since our introduction of that path on an end-to-end basis. Honestly, it's not rocket science and it becomes a test and learn factory. We are aided by the work that the Hotels.com and Venere teams have done because we look at what tests, what experiments have worked for them. And to some extent, we'll copy the step that works for them and use their efforts as a guideline. We plan to do the same thing for the air path, which we expect to launch in the beginning of next year, and the same thing for the package path. In general, the air and package technologies are quite complex. But to date, the Expedia technology team is really hitting their marks. So we're confident that they're going to hit their date and then we'll start testing and learning. And hopefully, we will drive similar conversion trends as we saw on the hotel path. Although, I will say that the macro trends on the air business, because of air ticket prices, et cetera, are a bit more friendly than the macro trends on the hotel side.
Naved Khan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then in your press release, you talked about competitive pricing actions in the hotel rooms and packages. Can you sort of go into more detail of what exactly you're seeing? Are you sort of being more promotional on the pricing front or what exactly are you doing there?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I'd say we're being opportunistic. Obviously, the ADR environment is pretty healthy in the industry and we're being opportunistic in sourcing more promotional inventory. In certain number of brands, discount brands, for example, the Hotwire brands, we are taking sometimes decreases in margin in order to deliver more attractive pricing to our consumers. And I think you can see the result of those actions is very healthy room night growth even in an economy that, while certainly not a blowout economy, does seem to be recovering.
Naved Khan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Last question for me. Can you just talk about the Groupon partnership and what kind of relationship you're seeing there?
Dara Khosrowshahi: It's early on the Groupon partnership. We like the product. You can see it on the site, the sales are actually quite encouraging from Groupon. I mean, the big question for us is, is it incremental or not and how are the Groupon customers? Are they coming back and using Expedia for their other travel needs in general. The discount/sale space for us is a pretty interesting space that we're taking on a number of ways. We have what we call ASAP deals, which is an amazing price on Expedia. We run 48 hours sales on Hotels.com. We got travel ticker, which is a piece of the Hotwire business, which is a great aggregator and finder of deals out there on the web. And increasingly, we're looking at mobile as a specific channel for kind of mobile-only type deals as well. So our approach to this area is multipronged. Groupon has been a strong partner for us. And I think over time and especially into next year, we're going to figure out what the best approach is going to be.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Justin Post with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Sir, I want to ask a couple of questions on just Google traffic trends and maybe on TripAdvisor, your long-term margin outlook. First on Google, I think in the fourth quarter, you're comping some changes they made that might have negatively impacted TripAdvisor. Is that going to help you as you think about year-over-year growth rates, maybe into next year? And anything from Google flight search, any thoughts on that? And then TripAdvisor, incredibly healthy margin. Some of the highest we've ever seen for a click or advertising business, depending on how you want to look at it. But what do you think is the right long-term margin? Can you help us at all kind of understand your thinking there?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as Google traffic, we, like you said, we should start to anniversary some of the changes that Google made as far as Google local, et cetera, goes. Note that Google Local rolled out over a period of time and the vast majority of TripAdvisor traffic is actually international. So we can't -- I can't really characterize what that rollover looks like from a traffic perspective. That said, I think, the TripAdvisor numbers from a top line perspective from a CPC perspective are self-evident that the business is healthy and growing nicely. The one strategic action that TripAdvisor is taking as far as traffic goes, is that to the extent that the growth rate of free Google traffic has slowed down as a result of the changes in Google, and that's certainly something that we felt. TripAdvisor is more aggressively spending in page search, in SEM to offset some of that traffic, especially in the international markets where the TripAdvisor brand is new. And certainly, we see enormous, enormous opportunity. So relating that to your margin question, at this point, we're not talking about long-term TripAdvisor margins. The TripAdvisor team I think as part of the spin process will probably talk to various investors, and we'll do a bit of a roadshow so they'll have an opportunity to talk about their business. But I do think that from a long-term perspective, as the international business for TripAdvisor becomes a larger mix of the business that tends to be a lower margin business. And you can anticipate the public company costs and some of the effects that we talked about from an Expedia spending standpoint for TripAdvisor, are going to hurt TripAdvisor margins when it initially comes public. But obviously, that's stuff that will annualize over time. The key for TripAdvisor is kind of user growth and the ability of that site to monetize over a long-term perspective. And those parts of the business are quite healthy. From a Google Flight's perspective, it's an interesting product. It's an incomplete product. It's fast and that's interesting to us. And speed is something that we're quite focused on, on a go-forward basis across all of our sites. We are happy to see OTA links at the bottom of the Google Flight result, so having that marketplace be a more open marketplace is a positive result for us. And it's a product that we'll continue to watch. Right now, the result set is not a comprehensive result set, and to the extent that the result set itself only includes supplier direct results. We think that, that product will be made is missing some of the lowest prices out there. But at this point, it's just way too early to call. I think Google is an innovative player. They have a dominant market position. And I think we'll be hoping that they don't abuse that power and abuse that market position. And otherwise, we'll be watching their products on a go-forward basis.
Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: One more, if I may. How do you think you're competing against Booking.com in kind of new markets like South America and Asia? Any advantages for your model or disadvantages versus kind of an agency model? Or are you really being aggressive with your agency model?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think as far as Booking.com goes, their results speak for themselves. Their room night growth is significantly above the room night growth of really any other player out there. Our room night growth is something that we're satisfied with and remains healthy. But if you go by the law of averages to the extent their overall room night growth is as high as it is, you have to assume that in new markets, there room night growth is even higher. And probably higher than our room night growth. So in looking at the Asia market, looking at the Latin American markets, the growth rates there for us are quite healthy relative to our overall growth rates. But we absolutely believe that we can do better, and we're hard at work building out cost systems and the kind of systems and processes that will allow us to execute better to, hopefully, accelerate our room night growth in those secondary and tertiary markets. We think there's a lot of potential there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Herman Leung with Susquehanna.
Herman Leung - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Two quick ones. First, I think -- I guess, when you're spending this amount of money on the platform upgrade with Expedia performing down 1%, it should mark sort of a near peak of spending. So wondering how much should these costs sort of subside as we look into fourth quarter and as we get into the first half of 2012? And then second question is on just Marriott, I think, they talked about on their call that they extended a deal with Booking.com and Priceline in the European regions, and was in the process of working with you guys. Wondering if you guys had an update on that and the timing of that and just a very quick follow up.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. Mark, do you want to talk about expenses?
Mark Okerstrom: Sure. I'll take the expense one. Weve been building up the team and building up cost to some extent to support the Expedia re-platforming throughout 2011. That build is nearly complete. But of course, we will be seeing the full year impacts of that throughout 2012. So though we've built the infrastructure inside, you'll see a little bit more probably, another good sort of 2 to 3 quarters of expense built that you'll see on the year-on-year numbers.
Dara Khosrowshahi: But we don't expect kind of a continuing expense built based on similar to what you said. I think we've got the right number of people, the right engineering team to build out these platforms. We don't need to keep investing incrementally. And you will see that in our P&L next year. So if you think from an expense comp standpoint, the expenses comps are going to be most difficult in the first quarter and then the expense comps will ease as we move along the year, because we don't have to keep building from where we are here. As far as the Marriott deal goes, listen, I think that we look for full inventory and I think the major brands look for full distribution. It certainly doesn't surprise me that Marriott has extended the agreement with Booking.com. And our goal will be to extend our agreement with Marriott on a worldwide basis. They've been a good partner. They have terrific product and I think that the devil is going to be with what the economics are and what the other terms are. And hopefully, we can get there with Marriott as we have with many of our other partners. Otherwise, we don't specifically talk about our relationships with one brand or the other.
Herman Leung - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Got it. And then on the spin-out date, I think -- thanks for giving us the timing for the latter part of Q4. Wondering if you guys had received kind of tax ruling that you guys had talked about and if there's any indication that the SEC will cut sort of delays some of the stuff?
Dara Khosrowshahi: No. So we haven't received the tax ruling yet. But there is no indication that, that is going to be a significant issue, nor is an indication that we're going to have any issues with the SEC in the near term. I think both of those matters are proceeding according to our plan. So no real big red flags there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney with Citi.
Mark S. Mahaney - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: 2 geographic questions, please. You did talk about isolated pockets of weakness outside of Southern Europe. Was there anything else you'd want to highlight? And then could you just talk about the Latin American market? I know somebody asked about competition there. But just regardless of competition, what kind of traction you think you're having in that market? How does that market feel to you like it's developing versus the traction and the success you've had in the Asia Pacific market?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as the rest of Europe, I'd say the most significant factor that's affecting us is -- there are 2 factors. One is foreign exchange, again, a foreign exchange with a significant tailwind, it's not going to be as much of a tailwind going into Q4, which should hurt our ADRs on a year-on-year basis. But I think from a room night standpoint, that's a decent environment to work with. In general, our European business is growing nicely, growing faster than our domestic business and we're quite confident of our execution there. The Hotels.com team is doing very well, the private label business is growing at very, very high rates. Egencia is growing nicely as well, along with Venere. And I think, again, the challenge for us comes to Expedia and the platform work there. But we're confident that with some of the platform work and some better inventory going forward, we can continue to accelerate on the European side. Agency bookings in Europe continue to be a positive factor, and we do expect agency as a percentage of our total business to keep growing, particularly in the European markets and secondary and tertiary destinations as well. Another factor that is affecting Europe as well as is the average room night per transaction are coming down slightly. We think that's a mix issue, to the extent that we build bigger domestic European business. You're not going to have the week-long kind of stay to the U.S., you will have the day trip to, again, a secondary, tertiary destination. So that's another small factor that we're seeing, which actually is encouraging as far as our mix goes. The Latin American market for us is a very significant market that we're relatively under penetrated in. Hotels.com has a nice foothold in Brazil and Expedia has a site in Mexico, and we expect to go full service in Brazil as well. But I think, in general, Latin America is an under penetrated opportunity for us. We have to continue to invest in marketing. There are certain local players like Despegar, who are very, very aggressive on the marketing side. And we also have to build out some of our payment solutions in order to be more relevant for the local customers there. It's a $70 billion marketplace, so lots of potential there. But I would say that right now, we're more ahead in Asia than we are in Latin America. And Latin America is certainly an area that we're going to focus on, we are focused on, but we're going to continue to focus on going into 2012, 2013.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Novak with Nomura Securities.
Brian Nowak - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I have 2 quick ones. First of all, I think you just mentioned, Dara, that the European business is growing faster than the domestic business. I was just curious is that total air and hotels or is that just hotels? I'm curious about your commentary on European hotels versus domestic hotels. And then the second one is on TripAdvisor with 30% growth this quarter. I was just curious for any more color on differences in growth across the geographies in the U.S., U.K. and then the rest of the world?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. In general, the faster growth rates in Europe versus the U.S. are broad, both on the hotel side of the business and on the air side of the business. In European air, we did introduce fees in certain regions to be kind of competitive with the other players out there, which hurt our European air volume to some extent. But the European air capacity, I'd say, is a bit better as well. So I'd say that the European strength is broad. And again, it's a market that we are less penetrated in. It's a market that we're quite focused on. And so far, we like the results. As far as TripAdvisor goes with a 30% growth, again, it's the same story for TripAdvisor. Domestic is growing at healthy rates, but the U.K. and Europe in general are growing a bit faster. And the rest of the world, Asia Pacific, India, China, et cetera, growing at substantial rates at lower profit margins than the U.S. and Europe. So TripAdvisor from that standpoint really doesn't look too different from the rest of our businesses. China is a focus for us, and we're investing pretty aggressively in China, where we're not profitable, but we're building good businesses, strong brands as far as Daodao and Kuxun go in China, we think is well worth that investment.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Kevin Crissey with UBS.
Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Do you have any potential acquisitions on the horizon? There seems to be a lot of opportunities out there at least for smaller players to help you build in some of these regions.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. Kevin, we're always looking. We've got a very significant cash position. And the areas that, in general, we do look at our international markets. We look at travel and media. We're certainly aggressively looking at the corporate travel business media for smaller opportunities as well. We haven't found any at this point that are of particular interest. And to some extent, we're putting our capital where we think we see the greatest opportunity, which is some of the buyback activity that you've seen recently.
Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Switching over to air quickly, I guess, 2 quick ones. One is do you -- if we will just look at air as a standalone, is it profitable? And secondly, if you could let us know how the status on the direct connect that we had announced with some of the U.S. airlines?
Dara Khosrowshahi: The air business we don't really look at it as a standalone because a significant portion of our air business is our package business. So if you include our air and package business, it is a profitable business. It's a business and a value proposition that is important to our customers. And the package business allows Expedia to offer kind of a unique value that you don't see elsewhere, you don't see in hotel-only players, you don't see in supplier direct, et cetera. So it's a core part of our business. We're investing in it as far as air search times, as far as the air search path. And we think that we actually have opportunity going forward to build what is a great air product. I think at this point, our air product can get a lot better. I do think that with the consolidation that you're seeing in kind of the domestic airline space, air unit economics are going to be pressured on a go-forward basis. And that's something that we're going to have to deal with in Q4 and kind of going into 2012, as we go into our planning cycles. On the direct connect, we don't have anything to discuss at this point. We're constantly in conversations with our airline partners as far as inventory goes. We like our inventory position. And in general, we've been very closely assigned with our GDS partners. And I think on a go-forward basis, we'll be able to get the kind of inventory that we need, hopefully, with our GDS partners on a go-forward basis. We don't see that change.
Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: If I could just have one more follow-up on that. On the air side, there's some proposals for some significant taxes on the airline tickets and departures. Does Expedia have a stance on those taxes that are being put out or viewed equivalent of a couple of bucks of ticket perhaps.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Listen, we don't have a specific stance on that. I would let our air partners lead on that. In general, higher air ticket prices are something that the leisure consumer is feeling the effects of and is suffering from, and we don't think that adding taxes on top of that will be a good move going forward. But this is not something that we're actively lobbying on in D.C., so to speak.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Kessler with S&P Capital IQ.
Scott H. Kessler - S&P Equity Research: So 2 questions. One -- and I hopped on the call a little late, so I apologize if these were addressed. But the first question relates to expenses. You detailed the OIBA margins for new Expedia, and I'm wondering if you highlighted or could highlight maybe 1 or 2 items that might have resulted in higher expenses than we were looking at? Did E3, for example, have an impact? And then the second question I had is, has there been any impact related to the tragic flooding in Thailand on your business in Asia?
Mark Okerstrom: Sure. So there are a couple of items that impacts expenses. Obviously, I think the most significant one that we mentioned at the onset of the call was the occupancy tax settlement reserve increase that you'll see in G&A. And of course, also in G&A, as we mentioned, are number of costs associated with the ramp up of essentially the new Expedia Worldwide team, if you will. And those are items that led to G&A growth, I think, it end up being 38%, which is certainly something that we are not striving to continue going forward. We expect to see leverage on that line going forward. And then additionally on the expense side, generally in technology and content, as we mentioned earlier, we have been building up the team that's been working on the Expedia replatforming effort. We've got a great team in place and we think, we by and large finished up building that team. However, you will see us annualized those expenses into next year. So that we do have the team fully built. You'll see some tough comps for us on the expense side for a few quarters yet to come.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. And as far as the Thailand flooding goes, it's a tragic event. But at this point in Thailand as a point of supply, so to speak, is too small to really affect our overall numbers. We do see that when destinations get hit by events, the Japan earthquake, et cetera, often you see traffic patterns being diverted. Although, certainly, overall traffic does suffer. But at this point, we don't expect the events in Thailand to be significant on a worldwide basis.
Scott H. Kessler - S&P Equity Research: So if I could just follow-up to clarify on the first item, so would it be fair to say that a lot of the upside to expenses in the quarter were related to the occupancy item that you referenced as well as new hires for a variety of different types of investments and upgrades? Would that be reasonable?
Mark Okerstrom: Yes. I think that's reasonable to expect. The occupancy tax item was $12 million, so that's obviously a significant item in the G&A line item. And then of course, we have been building again that headcounts and other expenses for the Expedia business throughout the year. So you've seen a significant portion of that in Q3, and again, it's going to be annualized in those numbers throughout the next subsequent quarters.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And I think, in general, when you look at our model from a long-term perspective, we've done a good job on the cost of sales side, so cost of sales have grown slower than revenue in general other than this quarter. Our G&A expenses have leveraged against revenue. Sales and marketing has delevered against revenue in general. When you look at our sales and marketing growth this quarter against last quarter, it's decelerated significantly and hopefully, we can move our sales and marketing growth to be more in line with revenue on a go-forward basis. And at the R&D side, on the technology side, we've been very open with investors about our investments there. They'll start annualizing into next year, but we don't think that there's kind of another round of big investment ahead of us. And hopefully, those investments can turn into revenue. We've seen that at Hotels.com, we've seen that in our private label business, we've seen that in our corporate business and we're starting to see that in parts of the Expedia business. And hopefully, that can back and roll out going into next year, and we can get the kind of returns that we expected to. And frankly, we do expect to on a go-forward basis.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that is all the time we have for questions. I'd like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Dara Khosrowshahi: All right. Thank you very much for joining us on this quarter. I think this is a bittersweet quarter because this is the last quarter in which we get to show off withot all the great work that the TripAdvisor team has done, and they will get back in the glory of their incredible execution. So from that standpoint, it's a sad day. I just want to personally thank the TripAdvisor team for incredible performance from them as a team over the past couple of years. We've learned a lot from them as far as all things search, et cetera. And they've been good friends and they'll continue to be great friends and great partners on a go-forward basis. So special thanks to that team. And at the same time, I think for the Expedia team, it will be interesting kind of new birth of the new Expedia going forward. And we're very, very excited about all of the new products and technologies that we have to come out, and we think that all of our brands can compete substantially, better consumer value propositions on a go-forward basis. And to the extent that we build value for the consumers, we think good things will come. So looking forward to see what the TripAdvisor team can do as a public traded company, and looking forward to a new Expedia and our growth ahead. So thank you very much for joining us on the call, and we'll be back next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. We'd like to thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-28 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Pickerill - Director, Investor Relations Michael Adler - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Dara Khosrowshahi - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Preferred Stock Subcommittee and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Naved Khan - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch Unknown Analyst -  Herman Leung - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Scott Kessler - S&P Equity Research Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Inc Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets, LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Expedia Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded today, Thursday, July 28, 2011. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Allen Pickerill, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Alan Pickerill: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Expedia Inc.'s Financial Results Conference Call for the second quarter ended June 30, 2011. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, Expedia's CEO and President; and Michael Adler, our CFO. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, July 28, 2011, only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate or similar statements. Please refer to today's press release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors, which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements.  You'll find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the company's IR website at expediainc.com/ir. I encourage you to periodically visit our Investor Relations site for important content, including today's earnings release and our updated investor presentation.  Finally, unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense, and technology and content expense, excludes stock-based compensation. And all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2010.  With that, let me turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Alan. We're quite pleased with the Q2 financial results. Our transaction growth rate nearly doubled from 8% year-over-year in the first quarter of 2011 to 15% growth in Q2, resulting in top line growth of 19% and 23% in gross bookings and revenue, respectively. The star performance continue to be our hotel business and our advertising and media business, but we have solid results in other products as well.  Air continues to be a challenge, due in part to increasing average airfares. Growth rates accelerated for both Hotels.com and our private label business, Expedia Affiliate Network, or EAN, relative to first quarter levels with Hotels.com continuing its strong pace posting hotel gross bookings growth in excess of 50% for the quarter. These levels of growth could not have been achieved without a strong global supply and the relentless efforts of our Partner Services Group, along with an increased velocity of product and technology innovation, both driving improved conversion rates and volumes as a result.  And our performance improved for Expedia brand against Q1 that business is still in the heart of its technology migration and as such, is not yet performing to its full potential. TripAdvisor continues as a growth driver for advertising and media business, growing the top line a robust 35% for the quarter, with solid domestic and international results and healthy growth across all products. International growth for TripAdvisor continues to be quite strong, and we recently launched our 30th international site in Egypt. TripAdvisor also acquired another leading travel website, Where I've Been, and recently announced that they'd hit a significant milestone of 50 million reviews and opinions. In technology, we're on track with our key projects and moved the Expedia Hotels product over to the new platform starting with our U.K. site as we speak. We will migrate additional points of sale and ramp up the traffic on this product over next couple of weeks. Our experience at Hotels.com suggests that, while the new platform will allow us to innovate at a much faster pace on n our hotel path moving forward, conversion improvements will take a few quarters to bear fruit as we work through the kinks and optimize the new platform. Work on air product continues and we expect technology portion of that work to be finished around the end of 2011. The product itself will be rolled out and traffic moved over beginning in early 2012. The teams are working very hard, and we're seeing solid results.  I want to remind you that in addition to this work, specific to the Expedia brand, there's quite a lot of additional technology products across the brand and businesses. These include work on our supply platform, finance and order management systems, new international site launches and efforts and mobile across virtually all of our brands amongst many others.  I'd also like to briefly mention the recent launch of our partnership with Groupon. We signed the agreement with Groupon back in June, and the consumer offer launch on July 12. Initial results are excellent. We launched a 25 deal, several of which sold out in a very short period. Consumers are obviously, enthralled with the daily deal space, and as a result of our successful launch, we're finding that suppliers are increasingly interested in the opportunity. We have reason to be quite optimistic about this new channel.  In closing, we feel very good about the long term prospects for our business. We're making the right investments, we have a strong strategic plan and our teams are executing and are very energized. We have much, much more work ahead of us. But Q2 will certainly step in the right direction. With that, let me pass it to Mike to talk a bit more about quarterly performance and our financial expectations for the year.
Michael Adler: Thanks, Dara. Across our major brands, the financial performance in the quarter was essentially as good as or better than we saw in the first quarter, with the rate of transaction growth improving for nearly all of our brands. Of course, we had a somewhat easier comp on the volcano last year, and are being helped by foreign exchange. Strong revenue growth countered the increased investment spend we made in the quarter.  In hotel, in addition to the acceleration of room night growth across all 3 of our major geographies, we got help this quarter from increasing room rates, leading to growth in revenue per room night of 5% year-over-year. Both of which drove hotel revenue growth of 27%, representing our highest rate of growth in over 5 years. We're watching rising room rates and the impact on our volume closely. But to date, we believe that room nights have been no more than modestly impacted.  Hotels.com saw its room night growth accelerate nicely from Q1, on strong growth in both merchant and agency hotel. Solid progress is being made in agency hotel, which now accounts for 10% of Hotels.com, European room night volume, up from just 3% 2 years ago, with triple digit year-over-year growth for the quarter, led by secondary and tertiary markets.  Our air business represented 10% of our total revenue for the quarter and struggled in part on higher airfares. Worldwide ticket volumes were down 3% year-over-year, with weakness on Expedia.com, partially offset by strong unit performance at Hotwire and Egencia. Revenue per ticket was up 1% year-over-year consistent with our expectations. Note that we have talked to you previously about the impact of the Q4 2010 accounting change in air, which increased revenue in prior quarters, but did not have a significant impact this quarter. We expect the impact of this change to reverse itself in the back half, especially in Q4, when it will put downward pressure on revenue per ticket on a year-over-year basis. In Asia, we're delighted to have closed the AirAsia joint venture, effective the beginning of Q3. We're extremely happy to be partnering with AirAsia, and to be the exclusive third-party online distributor of their tickets. We're now getting those tickets up on the sites, starting with the Malaysia site this month. In addition, the Expedia brand recently launched new localized sites in Korea and the Philippines, while Hotels.com launched in Indonesia and Vietnam. We continue to work hard to position the business in APAC for sustainable long-term growth.  From a housekeeping perspective, beginning in Q3, the AirAsia JV will not be consolidated in our results. And until we lap the launch, we will have a small related headwind of just short of 1% for gross bookings and revenue with a smaller impact on OIBA, reflecting the historical financial performance of the points of sale that have been contributed to the JV. Egencia continues to deliver solid top line results as they have done now for 7 consecutive quarters. We continue to pitch a compelling value proposition to new clients and strive very hard to deliver quality service to those already signed on. We acquired Australian TMC Travelforce in Q2, consistent with our ongoing efforts to continue to scale this business and further expand internationally. From a profitability perspective, we posted 20% growth in adjusted net income and 25% growth in adjusted EPS. In addition to the positive operational results, we have seen a continued downward trend in our effective tax rate, driven by growth in our International business. Free cash flow trends are also quite positive with growth of 29% for the 6 months ended June 30.  On the TripAdvisor spinoff, you might have seen the S4 filing that we made yesterday. We currently expect to complete the transaction by the end of the year. In terms of our financial expectations, we now expect full year OIBA growth to be in the mid- to high-single digits. It is important to note that in spite of the outperformance in Q2, we've not changed our forecast significantly for the back half of the year. And while we continue to expect healthy revenue growth, we do expect the transaction and revenue comparisons to get more difficult. In addition, we will continue to make the technology and international expansion investments that we have talked with you about, and as a result, expect our selling and marketing and technology and content lines to continue growing faster than revenue for at least the next several quarters.  With that, let's turn to questions. Operator, would you please remind listeners how to ask a question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Ross Sandler with RBC Capital Markets.
Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Dara, first question on TripAdvisor and then 1 follow-up on the platform upgrade. So on Trip, thank you for breaking out the International revenue in the S4. Can you give us a little color on differences in revenue per click or revenue per user in the U.K. and all other International versus the U.S?, How wide is the gap between those clicks or those revenue per clicks? And then is the International growth being driven more by price or volume? And then, the follow up on the platform upgrade, I think you guys mentioned that the U.K. is being transitioned over right now. Can we get an update on the timing of the U.S. Expedia transition for the hotel side of the business? And is there any reason why you guys wouldn't see the same kind of re-acceleration for Expedia's hotels that you have with Hotels.com?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Ross. As far as TripAdvisor goes, we don't specifically disclose the gap between the U.S. and International click pricing. In general, what I can tell you is that the more mature International markets like the U.K., you find pricing which is substantially similar to that of the U.S. And then as the International markets get less mature when you go into Eastern Europe, when you go into Latin America, when you go into Asia, the Asia Pacific regions, you have pretty substantial gaps between CPCs, domestically and internationally. And what we are seeing is as markets mature, CPCs tend to go up. I would say that it happens quarter on quarter. But as these markets mature, as you have greater broadband adoption, CPCs tend to increase. And also CPCs also relate to average ADRs in a particular marketplace. So it's a matter of the maturity of the marketplace, and it's a matter of the maturity in the pricing of the lodging segment in general. But we absolutely do expect kind of this arbitrage over time, which is as the International markets become a larger portion of our revenue and they mature, the CPC gap should narrow and provide for -- I'd say, attractive economics. As far as the growth coming in from international markets, the majority of the growth to date has been based on volumes and clicks. The International markets, especially, Asia Pacific and Latin America are growing very, very quickly. So we're definitely growing volume very quickly. We are getting some benefit on foreign exchange as well, with the weakness of the dollar. So it's a combination of both volume and CPCs, but the majority being volume. As far as the hotel migration goes, we have moved on the U.K. first really to test the platform. We mentioned with Hotels.com when we initially launch a platform, there are kinks to work out. And we didn't see substantial color conversion increase until a quarter in, so to speak. So we're launching in, in the U.K. It's a good, mature market, we can kind of work out the kinks over a couple of weeks. And then, we will roll out the new platform and the new booking path to other parts of the world. To probably bounce to Europe and then we'll bring it into the U.S. And again, what I'd stress is that the platform allows you, gives you the base to innovate very quickly on, to test and learn very quickly on. So we don't expect to see an immediate kind of pop-in results. But over time, as we did with Hotels.com, we do expect to see better conversion as we roll out feature sets on the path. And hopefully, we can see results that are similar to Hotels.com, although I certainly wouldn't expect or count on Expedia gross bookings accelerating quite as much with Hotels.com growing 50% this quarter. But any kind of an improvement because Expedia is such a big P&L, will have fairly significant effect on our P&L overall. And I think it's a question of execution from here on.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mark Mahaney with Citi.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Inc: Two questions please. Could you peel back a little bit that 54% growth year-over-year for Hotels.com and Venere? And if there is -- can you talk about maybe geographically or in terms of different types of cities, large cities versus smaller towns? Is there anything in particular that's very good growth, anything in particular you would single out is driving that? And then secondly, could you just talk briefly about the Groupon so far, maybe just walk through the mechanics of the revenue and the profits to you and just with your options for expanding that materially from what you've done so far? Would you describe yourself as just in the modest test phase now or how aggressively could you roll this out?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I'd say on Hotels.com, the acceleration market has been pretty wide. So we've seen strength in the U.S., we've seen very good results in Europe, and then even better results in the Asia Pacific region. And I think that it's because the core of the acceleration for Hotels.com comes from conversion. And this is 1 platform in general, 1 global platform. And as we drive in new feature sets that work in 1 particular area, we just roll it out across the globe. So the strength that we've seen at Hotels.com has really been across almost every single point of sale, large city, small city, et cetera. If there's one kind of area that I'd point out for Hotels.com, is that the agency product and secondary and tertiary cities and in Europe has started to pick up substantially. This is a product that we got into the agency business with the acquisition of Venere. I'd say early days were difficult both for Venere and as far as the pickup of agency product for our points of sale. And the growth rates, we've seen the growth rates for agency both on Venere, which has really improved its own conversion but also agency product on Hotels.com, especially in Expedia, accelerate so that agency is around 10% of EMEA room-night mix. And I think that mix is still going to go up. But the good news is that it's been very, very broad across Hotels.com. As far as Groupon goes, this is a start, and we're very happy with the start we've had. Some Groupon, still pretty big numbers. Palm Casino in Las Vegas sold over 5,000 Groupon. The Tropicano Riverwalk in San Antonio sold over 3,000 Groupons. And I think it's -- the process now is understanding what kind of Groupons work, what kind of deals work, and then trying to find more of those kinds of deals. I think what we found is that the deals that are domestic in large tourist destinations tend to work better, the deals that are kind of foreign that require people to plan ahead substantially and take long flights, are a bit more of a challenge. But I think this is just the beginning and for Groupon and us, it's a question of really testing and learning from here on.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Herman Leung from Susquehanna Financial.
Herman Leung - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: First, the ADR rates looks like you guys had a 6% growth this quarter, and it's been the highest since the 2007 timeframe. Just curious on what you think the outlook is. Is there more room to kind of expand from there or services, that seasonal peak that you guys are seeing? And then the second is relating to the S4 that you filed last night. And you're planning to change the spend that you're spending from Expedia to TripAdvisor. And just trying to figure out the allocation of spend for Expedia going forward. How much -- where this spend that you're not spending on Trip is going to and how Trip compares to other marketing spend from an ROI standpoint.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as ADRs go, I think there are 2 factors leading into ADRs. One is in general, occupancy rates for the industry, the lodging industry have been going up. They're still not in historical rate. But whereas last year, we saw occupancies driving up without ADRs, but without strength in ADRs. We're finding our hotel partners as new business comes back, they're trying to push those occupancy and ADRs. I would say the pressure on ADRs is up. But I do think that with the economic environment being a little bit more questionable with what's going on with budgets, et cetera, that, that tend to be the kind of what the European sentiment, the sentiment with the government, et cetera, has our partners a little bit worried. So I'd say volumes are good, and I think they should be able to continue on the ADR growth. But I would say that when we talk with partners now, they're a little bit more worried about ADRs and prospects for the balance of the year than say, they were 2 months ago. Hopefully, if we can figure out what we're doing on the government side on spending, et cetera, some of that uncertainty can go behind us. The second factor on ADRs is foreign exchange rates. So when you look at our 6% ADR growth, there is substantial ADR growth coming from Europe because of the weak dollar. It's gone a little bit weaker versus when we report the last time around. But on a year-on-year basis, when you look at our ADRs, FX-adjusted ADRs, or ADRs including FX, they're very, very strong. So I think part of our ADR metrics on the balance of the year, frankly, depend on the relative strength of the dollar and we're not in much of a position to make predictions there. Mike, do you want to talk about Trip spend?
Michael Adler: Sure. As I think we've talked about before with investors, as a single company, if Expedia had to err on one side or the other, it erred on spending a bit more with TripAdvisor to drive volume and share. Since at the end of the day, it's all 1 single company. With the plan for the companies now to separate, Expedia's view or intention is to reduce very modestly its spend on the edges. The Expedia still expects to be a significant customer for TripAdvisor. In terms of the potential impact, as we disclosed in the S4, TripAdvisor's revenue, we expect could be reduced by 2% to 5%. So not a ton of money. And then TripAdvisor, of course, will have that opportunity to potentially recapture the slightly reduced revenue from Expedia from other third parties.
Herman Leung - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Just a follow-up, how does the spend that Expedia is spending on TripAdvisor different from like a Google or different from like a Yahoo!, or whatever other marketing channels that you're spending on? Curious on how the return rates look for each of these channels for Expedia.
Michael Adler: Yes, we're very satisfied, Expedia is very satisfied with the return rate on TripAdvisor. I won't say more than that. In terms of where we would or might we allocate that spend, that is TBD. We could take some to the bottom line, we could spend marketing with other third parties as well. But it's premature for us to kind of make any guesses. But again, the point is, Expedia, pulling back very modestly, I would call it around the edges, spending.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Mike, I also want to add to that, that this is a pro forma look at the business. So my bet going to next year based on TripAdvisor's traffic growth and the quick growth that TripAdvisor has, both domestically, especially internationally, is that Expedia's spend on TripAdvisor going to next year will probably be up. TripAdvisor is a terrific variable channel. So you have, to some extent, the guaranteed return on your spend based on the volume that you're bringing in because we spend a lot, we test and learn. We have an expectation of what our click is going to bring back. So just remember that this is a point in time pro forma look at spend. It's our best guess. We try to be conservative with that guess because to the extent that Expedia takes the spend down, there's a decent chance that third parties will then come in with spend. But we didn't include that on the numbers because we want to be appropriately conservative. And when you look at next year, if TripAdvisor keeps growing clicks at anything similar -- at rates that are at all similar to the rates that they have this year, our overall spend on TripAdvisor would be up on a year-on-year basis.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Naved Khan with Jefferies & Co.
Naved Khan - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: One quick clarification on the S4 again on the spend on TripAdvisor, and a 2% to 5% reduction, wouldn't it result in lower effective CPC for Expedia and therefore, lower ranking for it to add units on TripAdvisor?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think, it could Naved, right. So that's certainly a possibility. And that I think is what we're going to measure with Expedia, which is we would, to the extent that we can reduce CPCs without hurting volumes that is a good reduction. And that's kind of a good move, to the extent that you reduce CPCs and reduce volumes, that's something to be concerned about, and that was what I was talking about. Which is in those cases, there is a chance that third-party share on TripAdvisor would increase. And TripAdvisor would be able to offset the decrease in spend in Expedia, with an increase in spend on third parties. Again, this kind of thing is pretty speculative and as a result, it's a bit of guesswork. And again, what we're trying to present is a fairly conservative view for investors. Did that explain it?
Naved Khan - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And just on TripAdvisor and the performance in the second quarter, third-party revenues obviously, we're pretty good at 35% year-on-year. What drove sort of the acceleration sequentially to 35%?
Michael Adler: It was that volumes remain strong, but I would say that in the second quarter, we saw CPC increase as well on a year-on-year basis. In addition to volume increase. Some of the CPC increase was because FX rates on a year-on-year basis were better in Q2 than they were in Q1. But I think that in general, if you're to look forward on CPCs and for TripAdvisor, you can take ADRs as a guideline as to what's going to happen with CPC to the extent that the economics hold. So I think when you look at our business, for example, you saw ADR growth going from 3% to 6%, you would think then that we, as an advertiser, would be able to pay more for room night, that would be true for a third-party advertiser as well. So we did see some strength in CPCs for the second quarter, which helped overall revenue.
Naved Khan - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And then lastly, on the Groupon relationship, when do you expect it to be fully ramped up and what is baked in your outlook for the year?
Dara Khosrowshahi: We've got pretty modest numbers for Groupon for the balance of the year because whenever you have a venture like this, that's just starting up, it makes sense to be fairly modest about your expectations. So far, sales have been as good or better than our expectations. And Groupon is a very fast-moving company. They're very good at what they do. So I'd expect about a month or 2 for us to kind of go through our inevitable growing pains. And then I think that by then, we'll have a pretty smooth running machine. They're just a terrific partner.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ingrid Chung with Goldman Sachs.
Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I think near the end of the prepared remarks, you said that sales and marketing and tech and content investments should continue over the next several quarters. I was wondering what that means for margin expansion or contraction over the next several quarters.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. So in terms of our margins, I would say pretty consistent outlook for what we're seeing there. Again, revenue margins have been expanding modestly. We've been getting leverage on the cost of goods line and leverage on the G&A line. R&D will continue to grow faster than revenue, probably at similar or even higher levels than they are today. I would expect the sales and marketing increase in spend relative to revenue to actually trail off as we expand into the year. I would say Q2 is probably the most deleveraged that we'll see this year. As you might recall, we reduced our spend last year in Q2, partly due to the volcano. And so that's given us a more difficult comp. So I'd expect to see as much R&D deleverage or perhaps a bit more. Rest of the year and then sales and marketing, still see deleverage but at a slower rate. Long term, it remains our objective to grow sales and marketing in line with revenue. And we expect that to be fueled by the conversion improvements that we're looking for with our technology investments.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Justin Post with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch: Could you just remind us, you mentioned in your prepared remarks how much the comp from last year may have helped this quarter so we can think about modeling next quarter. Second, Hotels.com, nice acceleration there. You talked about the city mix and stuff, but any improvements in your marketing efficiency? Or is this driven by kind of more marketing spend? And then maybe you could talk about the conversion improvements. And lastly, because Google just becomes a bigger issue as they launch new products, could you tell us or how you want to frame the percent of traffic that comes to your transaction sites and TripAdvisor from Google and whether you see any risk there?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Mike, I'll take the last 2 questions and then if you can talk on the comps.
Michael Adler: Sure.
Dara Khosrowshahi: As Hotels.com goes, the Hotels.com growth rates have been driven both by increased traffic in conversion. But because conversion is such a large part of the equation there, we are seeing relative marketing efficiencies on a year-on-year basis, getting better. So whereas let's say, last year, we had to "buy" growth for Hotels.com, you're seeing Hotels.com now grow top line and bottom line at a much more balanced way. There's always some deleverage that we see with Hotels.com because the emerging markets, the Asia Pacific regions, the Latin American regions, et cetera, are growing faster than the domestic regions. And those regions in general have lower efficiency. So there's kind of a mathematical inefficiency that is part of the equation. But the growth that we're seeing in Hotels.com, is much more balanced than the growth, let's say, that we saw last year. And as top line -- is strong gross bookings growth, really good revenue growth, very attractive OIBA growth as well. As far as Google goes, the percentage of their traffic to transaction site, that's not something that we disclose. Although we have said that Google is a pretty substantial source of traffic for us. Google tends to be a pretty expensive channel as far as paid traffic goes, CPC kind of clicks go. But on the free side, on SCO, obviously, there's a substantial amount of traffic that TripAdvisor gets from organic search. And organic search in general, is a larger contribution for Expedia and Hotels.com as we build up our SCO efforts and also Google kind of increases its efforts and increasing the quality of organic traffic. So Google, big traffic generator for us, and something that we always watch. It's a balance, which is you always want to increase the traffic that you're getting from Google, but at the same time, what we're trying to do is develop other channels with loyalty programs at Expedia. For example, the Expedia Rewards program, which is growing pretty quickly, the Hotels.com WelcomeRewards program, the investments we're making in social media to build Facebook as a channel, the investments that we're making in mobile to build mobile as a channel. So the goal here is for us to have a very balanced set of traffic as far as direct, Google, TripAdvisor, mobile, et cetera, those. Mike, you want to talk about the comps?
Michael Adler: Sure, so last year in Q2, we gained 2 data points, Justin. First was that OIBA was hurt approximately $12 million due to the volcano. And in addition, we said that our room night growth was impacted, we thought by about 200 bps. Going back to the volcano and the OIBA insight that we gave last year, and as we've discussed this I think a couple of times, we do have additional headwinds from the investments that we're making that are largely offsetting kind of that good guy in our numbers this year. So I would look more closely to the 200 bps room night impact from last year to help guide you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Scott Kessler with Standard & Poors.
Scott Kessler - S&P Equity Research: Two quick questions. The first is, I'm curious to know how you're thinking about China these days? Especially given that a number of your relatively recent investments and acquisitions focus on the market were and are associated with TripAdvisor. I'm also wondering if you think AirAsia and the partnership could potentially be important, not only for the region generally, but also for China. And secondly, we were just talking about Google, and I'm wondering if you've had an opportunity to look at the company's Hotel Finder experiment offering and if you had any initial thoughts on that, especially given that it looks like your advertising is embedded within the offering.
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as China goes, we're -- we look at the market with very big eyes as far as the size of the market goes, it's going to be the second-largest travel market very quickly. Online adoption is increasing in China. Credit card adoption is increasing in China. And you're getting a middle-class whereas 3, 4 years ago, the only traveler in China was really a business traveler. You're also getting now a middle-class leisure traveler, that's not only traveling within China, but it's starting to travel outside of China. And as you can tell, while we're building up a nice business travel business in Egencia, which is doing quite well, leisure travel is kind of the big driver in our business. And to the extent that our Chinese leisure traveler starts to have money to spend, that's something that's very attractive to us. And I think compared to most multinational travel companies, I love our position in China. We've got eLong as a very important investment of ours. We control eLong, we've got a terrific management team there and Guangfu, the CEO, Mike Doyle, the CFO. And a new partner in Tencent, which has made a strategic investments in eLong, which should provide eLong with a second, hopefully, boost of growth by aiming that kind of Tencent traffic to the eLong customer, and teaching that Tencent customer about eLong and the services that eLong has to offer. So we're very bullish on the transactional side. And then on the TripAdvisor side, we've been investing quite consistently over the past 3, 4 years. TripAdvisor for China is Daodao, there's a site we call Daodao. And we also own the second-largest metasearch business in China now in Kuxun. Baidu actually bought control of the largest metasearch player in China, which shows you how attractive that segment is as well. So both on the media side and on the transactional side, China is an area that we've been investing in for a number of years, and it's not an easy market. I'd say we're never satisfied with our results there. But the direction is unmistakably up. It's a very dynamic market, so with lots of challenges. But I'd say so far, so good as far as our efforts in China go. As far as the Google Hotel Finder experiment, I was actually playing with it a little bit right before this call. Seems like a neat concept, it's quick, it's clean, it's typical Google design. All I'd say is, I'd expect lots more changes from Google as far as that Hotel Finder experiment. I think what's important for us is that it is fundamentally a metasearch advertiser type product. We are playing in it. Our competitors were playing in it, and we found that as it relates to metasearch because of the depths and breadth of inventory in the brands that we have, that's a channel that we play very well in. We're able to buy metasearch traffic at attractive rates, and we don't expect that to change for Google metasearch product. And we welcome innovation in the space, and we'll watch what they do.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Michael Millman with Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: You mentioned that the hotel is concerned about the outlook. But could you tell us what you've been -- the trends you've been seeing in leisure travel through July? Also, could you handicap I guess, the Texas decision as to what that might mean and maybe how the economics play out if you have charged factors to occupants and you -- the car rental business compared to last year on availability and price and to what extent there's any changes that you're seeing in contract terms between yourself and the car rental companies?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Okay. As far as the trends in July go, it's a little bit early to call out the trends. I'd say when you look at the RevPar that we're seeing from Smith Travel Research, they're getting a little bit weaker than what we saw, let's say, early in the quarter. Part of that may be a comps issue, part of that might be a tiny bit more uncertainty, coming out of the leisure travel and I think it's way too early to call a trend. But I'd say in general, leisure travel continues to be strong on a year-on-year basis. It's only a question of how strong. Is the strength in the build going into the second half of the year, is it going hold? Is it going to get a little bit weaker? I'd say in July, we probably based on the industry numbers, we see a hint of weakness. But Michael, I think it's way too early to make a call. We're certainly confident about our own roadmap, investments that we're making, especially the International growth that we have coming across our various segments. So we think we're pretty well-positioned for the balance of the year. As far as the car channel goes, I'd say so far, the summer has been pretty good. In general, we prepare for fleet sizes to be pretty restricted. And during most summers. I think this summer, some of the car companies did not sell off their fleets, because they weren't sure about some of the supply coming in from Japan, so I think as they held on to their fleets, so the fleet sizes in this summer, relative to demand were pretty healthy, which made for very good availability for us, plenty of availability for opaque[ph] cars, et cetera. So I'd say that the car business for us has been healthy on a revenue basis, has been healthy on a transaction basis. Yield, as far as revenue per car in general, has been a little bit weaker. Although our opaque business has been stronger or because of the availability. So in general, I'd say car for us has been a nice, bright spot, specially at Hotwire.com as a company. Mike, you want to talk a bit about Texas?
Michael Adler: Sure. So we disagree with the San Antonio decision that you referred to, as it's contrary to earlier rulings that have actually been made by 2 courts already in Texas. And we will appeal the ruling of San Antonio. We believe that we're not subject to the hotel occupancy taxes in San Antonio, and we will continue to vigorously defend our position. And I guess, we haven't reminded folks of this in a while, but we've obtained 24 dismissals of these types of matters. Historically, 12 of which were based on a finding that the OTAs aren't subject to hotel taxes or the local government lacks standing to pursue their claims, et cetera. And we have won cases in a host of states: California, Ohio, Kentucky, Missouri, North Carolina, Oklahoma and Alabama. And we also have had 7 U.S. Federal courts rule in our favor. So we continue to believe very strongly in our position, and do not expect this to result in anything significant for us.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And Michael, just to finish off the answers to your questions, the relationships with the car companies are very solid. And there really have been no fundamental changes to our relationships with them. It's been strong relationships for the past couple of years. And we don't expect anything to change there.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Kevin Crissey with UBS.
Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank: Can you talk about whether you've seen your customers come back from being back having American inventory back on the site? The airlines are talking about how they have taken share back to their website direct channels?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as customers and American in the store, it's definitely had a positive effect on our air volumes, even though our air volumes continue to be challenged by the average air ticket prices going up, air volumes are better on a quarter-on-quarter basis. And packaged volumes as well have been better on a quarter-on-quarter basis. I'd say that American being off, was certainly not good for our product as far as Expedia goes, but we didn't see a fundamental kind of effect, a follow-on effect on Expedia as far as the hotel business, other air tickets being purchased, the car business, et cetera. So I -- whether consumers didn't fundamentally notice it, whether American was off the site for too short a time, we didn't see kind of any fundamental traffic changes to the site et cetera. So I can't really say it's our customers coming back with AMR on the store. I don't think they went away. They just had, the quality of the inventory wasn't as good, which hurt air volumes. And then I'd also add, as far as air volumes relative to supplier direct, in general, as we -- our customer is a -- our leisure customer is fairly price sensitive, to the extent that air ticket prices go up and air ticket prices have certainly been going up on a year-over-year basis, we see some of our customers mix out, whether they drive to their destination, et cetera, who knows? And obviously, we see our corporate business continue to be strong. So I think that mix shift is something that's perfectly reasonable, and it's something that we've seen again and again and again with rising air ticket prices. Rising air ticket prices hurt our volume, to the extent that the comps on air ticket prices ease up in the back half of the year. I think that the comps on our volume will ease up as well.
Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank: And how are you technology-wise doing the "direct connect" for American through GDS? Have you figured that out yet?
Dara Khosrowshahi: We're still working with American and the GDS is on our connectivity strategy. And once we have something else to discuss, we'll certainly discuss it publicly. But as you can imagine, those relationships and the work that we're doing are quite confidential.
Operator: Our final question is from the line of Bill Lennon[ph] with Minus Cristi Heart [ph] .
Unknown Analyst - : I have a 2 parter about share gains, first, do you think you're regaining share or at least, slowing the rate of loss on hotel room nights to Booking.com in Europe? That's part one. And Part two is, what's the secret sauce of share shift in Europe? Is it the demand side on the website and the rewrites you've been doing? Or is it on the supply side with better relationships with hotels?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. I'd say the question of whether we're gaining share with Booking.com -- versus Booking.com, I guess, we'll know the answer to that question in a couple of weeks. And it's not for us to speculate. I would say that this travel market is an enormous market. It's a $900 billion plus marketplace on a worldwide basis. The Asia Pacific regions, the Latin American regions and even the European regions for us are wide open, with lots of share for us to take from off-line agents, from traditional channels and from our online competitors. And what we found is that to the extent that we, as a company execute better, that share is there for us to take. And with Hotels.com with the re-platforming, with the team that's performing very well, we're seeing very solid acceleration. We're seeing similar acceleration in our private label business. That team is performing very well. They're driving conversion, they have a great product, they are acquiring lots and lots of new customers in Europe and driving the business there. So when we look at what's the secret sauce? I would say the secret sauce is having a good front to back product. That means a great consumer front end that is fast, that makes it very easy for consumers to find what they're looking for, and then, a product on the back end that is terrific product. The right hotels in the city center at the right prices, with special deals, et cetera, with content and local language, lots of reviews, et cetera. The list goes on and on and on. There isn't any 1 factor that I think outweighs the rest. I think front to back, you have to be good. I would say that if we look at our business, I'd say on the supply side, we have been better for longer. And I think the demand side is catching up to that as we make investments in IT, in technology, et cetera. And once it all comes together, and we certainly see that with Hotels.com, and we're seeing that with our private label business, we see with Egencia, we see with Venere, when the front and the back of the house come together, you see terrific results. And I don't think that we're at the point where our gains are necessarily Priceline or Booking.com's losses. I think this is a -- it's great market, tons of people are coming online, and there's plenty of room for many, many winners in this market.
Unknown Analyst - : And just as a follow-up, when you do, do you have any -- even if they're anecdotal, just chatter from the market, when you do win a hotel over that seemed to come over to your side, what do they say? I mean, what has changed in terms of supply that makes hotels happier to do business with you than say, 18 months ago?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think it's volume. There are a lot of hotels that we didn't knock on their doors, maybe they were smaller marked hotels, maybe they didn't understand the merchant model. Maybe we weren't focusing on the secondary and tertiary markets, where those hotels resided. So we're knocking on their doors, and I think now, we are just much better on the execution front as far as sending demand to those hotels. And what they care about, we are a variable demand marketing channel. They want volume to the extent that we can get them volume. They'll give us, typically give us the supply at market rates. And the market rates right now I think are balanced and fair. And if you bring them volume at a reasonable price, that's what partnership is all about. And I think, that's a challenge for us to execute better on getting volume to our hotel partners on a worldwide basis.
Operator: And that does conclude the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Pickerill for closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Alan Pickerill: Okay. I just want to say thanks to everybody for joining us on the call today and for the questions. A replay will be available on the IR site shortly after we finish up. We appreciate your interest in Expedia and look forward to seeing you again next quarter. Dara, do you want to make any final comments?
Dara Khosrowshahi: No. Just thanks to the Expedia employees who are listening to the call. We had a good quarter in the right direction. We got a lot of work to do, and thanks for everyone's efforts. And for our investors, thank you for your support.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Expedia Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. If you'd like to listen to a replay of today's conference, please dial 1(800)406-7325, or (303)590-3030, with the access code of 4457052. ACP would like to thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-28 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Pickerill - Director, Investor Relations Michael Adler - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Dara Khosrowshahi - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Preferred Stock Subcommittee and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Sandeep Aggarwal - Caris & Company Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank Naved Khan - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch Unknown Analyst -  Scott Kessler - S&P Equity Research Heath Terry - Canaccord Genuity Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Expedia First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Thursday, April 28, 2011. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Alan Pickerill, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Alan Pickerill: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Expedia, Inc.'s Financial Results Conference Call for the First Quarter ended March 31, 2011. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, Expedia's CEO and President; and Michael Adler, our CFO. The following discussion, including responses to your question, reflects management's views as of today, April 28, 2011, only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate or similar statements. Please refer to today's press release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You will find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today on our earnings release, which is posted on the company's IR website at expediainc.com/ir. I encourage you to periodically visit our Investor Relations site for important content, including today's earnings release and our updated investor presentation. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense, and technology and content expense, excludes stock-based compensation. And all comparisons on this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2010. With that, let me turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Alan. We're pleased to report strong top line growth at Expedia. With revenue, room nights and free cash flow all growing 50% in what was a very difficult environment in the first quarter. Few things have changed since we last talked to you.  We announces plans to spin-off TripAdvisor, the world's leading travel media company into a separately publicly traded company, an event that we think will highlight TripAdvisor's accomplishments and set the stage for growth for many years to come. We announced the joint venture with AirAsia, which we believe will prove to be a powerful platform to fuel Expedia's Asia Pacific ambitions. We continue to invest in and deliver on our technology platform plans, and we have American Airlines back in our marketplace. On the financial front, while our top line was quite healthy considering the relatively reduced quality of our air inventory on Expedia, our bottom line was a bit weaker than expected. We saw continued higher average ticket prices challenging Expedia's air volumes, lower customer discounts in the opaque channel available to both Hotwire and Expedia packages, and higher than expected G&A, due primarily to legal costs and related reserves, the timing of which we just can't control. Regarding the spin-off. TripAdvisor and the 18 brands that comprise the TripAdvisor Media Group will separate from Expedia, to be led by President and CEO, Steve Kaufer, who is a Co-Founder of TripAdvisor. We think it's the right time and the right direction for both companies, and each company is ready.  TripAdvisor is an unquestioned leader in the travel media space, with more than 50 million unique users in 29 countries in 20 languages. Expedia will move forward as the world's largest online travel agency with leading leisure and corporate brands, operating more than 100 sites across the globe, and driving more than 26 billion in annual travel bookings toward suppliers all over the world. We believe that moving ahead as two separate companies will allow each to stand on its own, drive its own growth in technology, vision and culture, and ultimately, create far more value for our shareholders. We intend to maintain a strong relationship between Expedia and TripAdvisor that comes from our shared history and vision to provide the very best travel products and information. Announcing our intent to spin off TripAdvisor was just the first step in a process, and it won't happen overnight. This will require full approval from the Board of Directors and months of work. We're working on the required regulatory filings, and expect to file a proxy statement regarding the transaction with the SEC this spring. The final timing of these types of transactions can be difficult to predict with precision, but we're aiming for the spin-off to be completed sometime in the fall. In the meantime, both businesses are pushing forward on their respective strategies and we don't expect the spin-off to slow us down. From an operating perspective, TripAdvisor experienced robust growth in its three main revenue categories during the first quarter of 2011, including over 25% growth in the cost per clicks, CPC-based revenue, on 30% growth in click volume, over 10% increase in display advertising revenue, and over 300% growth in other revenue, which includes our new Business Listings product that we're very excited about.  TripAdvisor is in enviable position of being to deliver 21% Q1 OIBA growth, while at the same time aggressively investing in long-term growth drivers. We're pushing hard into Asia Pacific as we see excellent opportunities there for long term, sustainable growth. The APAC opportunities immensed with total travel bookings in the region well over $200 billion, with just a fraction of it online. The biggest development there was our announcement to enter into a joint venture with AirAsia. We're contributing certain of our Expedia brand and point-of-sale on technology, while AirAsia's contributing its 22 AirAsia Go travel booking sites, an exclusive third-party distribution rights for the AirAsia content. We believe it's a first of its kind joint venture between an online travel agency and a low-cost carrier, and we're extremely excited about the opportunity to partner with a terrific local travel operator to grow our APAC business. In addition to the joint venture opportunity, we'll still have our Hotels.com brand with 15 sites in the region. In fact, we just launched Vietnam and Indonesia today, as well as our controlling interest in eLong. TripAdvisor also continues pushing into the regions, so we're well diversified as we look to capitalize on this opportunity. From a technology investment perspective, one of the most important efforts is to move the Expedia brand from its old platform onto its new platform. Once completed, it will allow us to innovate at a much faster pace, delivering new products and features to our customers. It's been about 80 days since our last earnings call, and I will tell you that we're on track on this project. We've got key portions of Expedia brand, hotel path on to the new platform, and we've already started innovating on these pages, new info sites, new hotel search results, filters, urgency messaging, a new checkout path and more, will all serve to improve the experience for our customers and in turn, improve our conversion. The migration of the hotel path should be complete around the end of June, and the air path, by the end of the year. Work on the packages path and other products will continue into 2012. During the quarter, we also officially launched the new Expedia customer loyalty program called Expedia Rewards, and are quite happy with the early metrics we've seen there.  Now I'd been asked by some of our investors, "What gives me confidence that the investment in Expedia technology platform will pay off?" I'd simply point at Hotels.com. We executed on a similar project in 2009 which we call 1H internally, it was painful operationally and financially near-term. But the Hotels.com team just delivered on the quarter with nearly 40% gross bookings growth, more than tripling last year's growth rates and has continued to show strong growth in April. While our aggressive investment, spend and technology marketing will continue to put pressure on our margins, we see improving results in Q2 and the balance of the year, both top line and bottom line. We're also encouraged by the performance of several of our key brands, Hotels.com, as I've previously mentioned, is showing continued strength in virtually, every geography. Our Private Label business is hitting on all cylinders, Egencia continues to grow share in the Corporate Travel market, and rumors of an impending doom for TripAdvisor's traffic have proven to be entirely false. We know we have a ton of work ahead of us but on balance we feel much better now than we did when we last spoke to you. Now Mike is going to cover the details about some of these trends.
Michael Adler: Thanks, Dara. From a brand perspective, we saw a healthy revenue growth across most of our brands and geographies, with the notable exception of our Expedia brand. Hotels.com saw both room night growth, and total revenue growth accelerate nicely in Europe and Asia Pacific. Our WelcomeRewards program continues to do well, and is helping to drive hotel bookings in North America where Hotels.com room night growth accelerated from 14% growth in the fourth quarter, to a very robust 27% in the first quarter. Hotels.com Global Standalone Hotel business is now larger than that for the Expedia brand and we're certainly glad to see that momentum. And while the Expedia brand grew hotel revenue at rates similar to last quarter, air tickets were down double digits year-over-year. From a product perspective, hotel room night growth in Q1 was healthy at 15%, and we saw a good growth in both domestic and international. Our ADRs were up 3% for the quarter with 1% growth in revenue per room nights.  In air, tickets declined by 10% year-over-year, while we saw an 18% increase in revenue per ticket. As we mentioned last quarter, we have accelerated revenue recognition on our merchant air product to the book date, which accounted for roughly 1/3 of the improvement per ticket. The 13% increase in average ticket prices, as well as some performance based overrides were the other primary contributing factors. We do not expect to see a year-over-year increase in revenue per ticket as we move through the year. We've also signed a memorandum of understanding with American Airlines, and we're happy to have their tickets back on the sites. On a broad level, we are accessing and plan to access our air and package content via Global Distribution Systems, and continue to believe the GDSs are the most efficient and effective method for airlines to distribute their content to travel agencies. As we mentioned last quarter, we are ramping key investments, and you can see the impact of that in our operating expenses.  Of the $60 million increase in selling and marketing expense, a little over 40% was for the Expedia brand, essentially all of which was for international efforts in Europe and APAC. Hotels.com made up nearly 30% of the total increase, with that spend relatively balanced across regions. TripAdvisor accounts for over 20% of the increase as it continues to drive volume growth around the world. Tech and content continues to ramp as we scale up the headcount required to complete our strategic technology projects. The head count increases are concentrated primarily in our centralized IT function, TripAdvisor, Expedia and our Partner Services Group. Recent tech and content deliverables have included the launch of two new Expedia-branded websites in APAC, the launch of our new Expedia.com Loyalty Program, new mobile applications for both Expedia and Hotels.com, and the launch of Hotwire in the U.K. to name just a few. We're also hard at work innovating on the front end of Hotels.com, moving Expedia onto its new platform and upgrading our supply platform, as well as other back-end systems. G&A expense was $5 million higher than we expected this quarter, primarily on an increase in legal costs and related reserves. Unfortunately, these expenses can be somewhat unpredictable and lumpy from quarter-to-quarter. I can say however, that we are still expecting G&A to grow at a slower rate than revenue for full-year 2011. Lastly, as expected, we saw leverage and cost of revenue as we continue to see payoff from prior investments. From a profitability perspective, operating income before amortization was down 9%. The OIBA decline is due in part to the fact that Q1 is seasonally the lightest revenue quarter of the year, while the investments we are making are not seasonal. We do expect to see improving top line performance as we move through the year, and our expense comparisons get easier in the second half. So our expectations are for OIBA growth to be stronger in the back half of the year relative to the first half. As far as our financial expectations are concerned, last quarter, we said we expected OIBA to grow in the mid-single-digit range for full year 2011. With improved air inventory, we feel better about the business, although higher air ticket and oil prices since the last earnings call, present ongoing headwinds for standalone air and packages.  Net-net, we think we can do at least as well as we described last quarter, if not a little better. As a housekeeping item, please note that these expectations do not contemplate the additional cost we will incur related to the TripAdvisor spinoff. With that, let's turn to questions. Operator, would you please remind listeners how to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Mark Mahaney with Citi.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Inc: One question on TripAdvisor, and one question on expenses. On TripAdvisor, so it doesn't seem like in terms of the revenue growth that you've seen any material impact. It just kind of shows up sometimes in the traffic data. Do you think your growth for TripAdvisor in terms of revenue is being negatively impacted by Google Places now? Is this something you've been able to work around? Do you think your growth would be even higher if it weren't for Google Places? And then just on the investments, when you think about the ramp up in marketing spend, the best evidence for you that you're going to get that ROI on that marketing spend, is it the hotels' success you had last year, or would you point to something else?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Mark. As far as TA goes, we were definitely impacted by the changes that Google made in Places. Places, they're favoring their own internal content and pushing down kind of the SEO results down the page, often below the fold. And we certainly saw an effect on TripAdvisor traffic at the result of that. I think the reason why you're seeing the revenue strength of TripAdvisor is just because of TripAdvisor's incredible diversity and the underlying strength of the business. So I think if Places wasn't around, TripAdvisor would've grown even faster, but we're seeing very, very good results in TripAdvisor coming out of the international markets. The international markets now are a significant majority of TripAdvisor's traffic. There's still less than -- well less than 50% of TripAdvisor's revenue, and TripAdvisor's doing great things internationally, launching new sites, investing pretty aggressively in the Asia Pacific regions, and then launching new products that we're quite happy about, such as the Business Listings product. So it hurt us, but I just think that the TripAdvisor management team has adjusted it well, and the business is on a good path, so that we are able to show healthy growth despite Google's actions. As far as the evidence on the ROI, the marketing investments, I'd say continued health and hopefully acceleration on the --on the room nights on hotel room nights, which is clearly something that we're pushing. And I would say we would want to see a continuance of the revenue acceleration that we saw in the international markets in Q1. International revenue came in at 31% growth, which was significantly higher than what we saw in Q4. And we're certainly happier with those kinds of numbers than the numbers that we saw kind of late, late last year. So those are certainly two factors that we look at.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ingrid Chung with Goldman Sachs.
Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So I have a couple of questions around the separation. So first, I was wondering if you could give us a little more color on the reasons for the separation? Will you lose some synergies potentially, between Trip and Expedia? And then secondly, on logistics of the separation, am I correct in assuming that this is going to be a full asset spin, and where is the debt going to reside then?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. I'll answer the last one first. As far as debt goes, we haven't made any final determinations as to where the debt is going to be. We will make sure that both companies are appropriately capitalized. And as you know, our capital position is very strong from a cash standpoint, and the debt levels, are debt levels that are very reasonable. So I don't think that frankly, figuring out what the right capitalization levels for each company is, is going to be that difficult, we have plenty to go around. But we haven't made the full determination of exactly how we're going to structure the companies. That will come out, I think once we file our S-4, et cetera, so that's work to be done. As far as the reasons for the spin, I think they're simple. I think as we've kind of restructured our businesses and created global lines of business and global brands, we've found that focus is incredibly important in performance. And we think that this will focus the employees of kind of new Expedia, the transactional employees to drive those businesses and make sure that the investments that we're making on behalf of our shareholders pay off. And I think that it will focus TripAdvisor to keep building on an incredible asset that, that management team has built. I think anytime that you've got employees who feel like their work has a great chance of affecting, not only how their company does, what products they release, but also how their stock price does and how their pocket books are affected. The more direct that action or reaction is, in the better company's do. And I think this is going to focus the mind for the transactional businesses that we have to make these investments pay off. And I certainly think that the TripAdvisor team, who I think is really proud of the business that they've built, is going to get to go forward as a public company, and I think it's going to motivate them even more than they've been motivated in the past. So I think net-net, it's going to be a great thing. There are certainly some synergies that we'll lose. One synergy that we loved about having TripAdvisor in the family was that we were hedged against media inflation. As you know, marketing is a very significant cost for Expedia, and having TripAdvisor in the family really provided a wonderful hedge against that. Now our shareholders can create that hedge, and I guess they're in the business of allocating capital. So they can make up their mind there and we're giving them optionality. And I do think that the businesses have been working together more. You see TripAdvisor for example, now showing up in Expedia info sites, as far as you see TripAdvisor reviews show up there. I think you'll actually see the businesses work more together going forward, and we're going to make sure that we put those relations in place in the form of contracts, et cetera, that will make that kind of partnership possible. The last thing I'll say is, we've worked together as a team really well. My senior leadership team with Steve Kaufer's senior and leadership team, we're friends, we respect each other. And I do expect that we will be a great partner of theirs, and they'll be a great partner of ours.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Justin Post of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch: Dara, can you talk about the marketing spend in the quarter? It was about I think 70% of gross profit growth if you do the ratio. How much of that was directly driving kind of transactions or volumes in the quarter, whether it'd be for Hotels or Expedia? And how do much you think will pay off, was more brand build down the road? And then secondly, maybe you can talk about the currency impact, will that be pretty favorable both to revenues and OIBA, or do you hedge that at all when you look out the next few quarters?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I'll let Mike take on currency impact. As far as the marketing spend in the quarter, we don't disclose kind of exactly what our marketing spend is offline versus online. I'd say that it's a combination. The online spend clearly brings transactional growth as easily tractable, et cetera. I would say that in certain markets for example, in the Asia Pacific markets, we will spend online highly inefficiently. So either that spend will be breakeven, or that spend sometimes will be losing money, as we're building up volumes, as we're bringing in customers, as we're building up a brand inside those market places. So for example, if you look in the Asia Pacific region when you say, marketing spend was 70% of the gross profit growth, I think the Asia Pacific region marketing spend is probably closer to 100% of gross profit growth if not more. I'm using round numbers, Mike, so you can correct me if I'm wrong. So you have a mix, which is in the Asia Pacific region where we did make money, we were profitable last year, and this year we will be profitable. We are actually taking every dollar that we're making, every gross profit dollar that we're making, we're putting it into the back into the marketing spend, so that's part of what you see. And then you are seeing, in general, an increase in online and offline efforts, both at Expedia and Hotels.com, and TripAdvisor on the traffic acquisition front, where we are being aggressive. But we are seeing some good revenue numbers and some hotel room night numbers as a result. Mike, do you want to talk currency?
Michael Adler: Sure. On FX, we did see a slight boost in this quarter on the year-on-year weakening in the U.S. dollar and last year, we saw the U.S. dollar begin to strengthen mid-year. So if current rates do hold, that will provide a bit of a tailwind for us. We obviously can't control it, so we don't count on it. In terms of what we refer to as a book to say, exposure that we have to FX, and that's between book date and stay date, we do hedge that to the extent that there are large movements from one period to another before the booking actually stays. For the most part, we expect to be neutral.
Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. But do you think it will be helping your OIBA as we look out, or could -- if it stay where it's at?
Michael Adler: On a year-on-year basis, it wouldn't. At current levels, it would help.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Sandler with RBC Capital Markets.
Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Just two quick questions. First, thanks for breaking out the bookings growth by property. You mentioned if -- a bunch of these new features at Hotels.com, can you help us understand the specific factors that are driving the 39% growth, and why you feel confident that you'll see the same kind of growth once the Expedia Hotel business is rebuilt in June? And then second, one more clarification on the split. How are the ads that are showing up on TripAdvisor that come from Expedia sites accounted for today? Are those cash expenses, or are they just book expenses without a cash component? And once the split goes through, are those going to be cash expenses for Expedia, or is there going to be like an agreement where a certain amount of inventory will be allocated to Expedia?
Dara Khosrowshahi: To be specific, the features that actually had listed, are features that are now being delivered on the Expedia hotel path as its being transitioned onto the new technology. Hotels.com has been delivering those kinds of feature sets and more since it's been on the new technology that we launched for a longer period of time. Expedia's kind of at the beginning of the path, and Hotels.com, I'd say, is at the beginning to middle of the path. And as far as our confidence here is, I'll just say the stuff that we're launching is not rocket science. There's a lot of testing and learning that goes into this. There's a lot of science that goes into this, where we're able to introduce a new feature, we're able to test it, AB test it with our customers to see which works and which don't. And based on Hotels.com's experience, we're seeing that a number of these new features that we are launching, better pictures, better filtering capability, more results, faster results, et cetera, are resulting in more -- a higher percentage of our customers who are visiting our site booking, in other words, higher conversion rates. And these conversion rates are pretty broad. They're applicable in the U.S., they're applicable in Europe, they're applicable in Asia Pacific, which is creating better performance essentially for Hotels.com on a worldwide basis. And we see no reason when we look at the Expedia customer, when we look at the Expedia traffic sources, et cetera, we see no reason why the same application of this technology to the Expedia customers won't work. We will be surprised if it doesn't work. It's a risk that we're taking, but we're very confident in one, the patterns that we're seeing based on our experience with Hotels.com, and two, based on the Expedia team's ability to deliver. So it is a risk, and I think the second half for us will start to tell the tale. And I would expect that Expedia's room night volume in the second half of the year, late Q3, Q4, should see some improvement from what we've seen in Q1 and hopefully, we'll be able to deliver that for you. Mike, do you want to answer the second question?
Michael Adler: Sure. So Expedia, Hotels.com, and some of our other brands today, acquire traffic from TripAdvisor, and that relationship today is at fair value and that's reflected in our various segment reporting. Go forward, the relationship between Expedia, Hotels and TripAdvisor will be like with any third party. So it will be a true cash relationship like with any other party.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Ross, does that answer your question?
Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Well, yes. Specifically, though, today if a banner from an Expedia site shows up on TripAdvisor, there's not really any cash being exchanged because you're part of the same company.
Michael Adler: It's all intercompany, correct. So whether it happens or not, there's various accounting entries and things which occur but today, all the cash is at the Expedia, Inc. level.
Dara Khosrowshahi: But we think from a P&L standpoint, Ross, you'll largely see a similar P&L. Now market conditions may change between now and then as far as the price of clicks, et cetera. But then we think once the companies are spun off, the cash flows will reflect the P&L's, right?
Michael Adler: Absolutely.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Naved Khan with Jefferies & Company.
Naved Khan - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Can you talk about how much exposure you have to Japan from a bookings and revenue perspective? And can you break out the impact on Japan, the Middle East and over there [ph] in Q1 and what's baked in the guidance?
Michael Adler: So we have a relatively small exposure to Japan, and it did not really have much of an impact on our Q1 figures and go forward, we don't expect it to have a material impact on the rest of the year. So it's very, very low single-digits.
Naved Khan - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay, and then a quick clarification on, I think, some of the metrics that Dara gave out earlier. When you spoke about a 25% growth in CPC and 30% growth in the click volume, is that a growth in -- is the 25% growth really in the CPC, or is it growth in the revenue associated with the CPC?
Dara Khosrowshahi: It's a 25% growth in revenue coming from the CPC line of business for TripAdvisor on a 30% increase in volume as far as 30% increase in clicks from customers.
Naved Khan - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Got it. And can you talk about what kind of increases you are seeing in the cost for impression on the display side?
Dara Khosrowshahi: On the display side, I'd say our CPMs have historically been quite healthy, and we're essentially seeing stable CPMs. I don't think we're seeing very significant increases either up or down. I think TripAdvisor and Expedia, where we have the greatest portion of the CPM business, have the ability to -- have always had the ability to charge premium prices, because we are really the premium sites that people come to. Obviously TripAdvisor has the greatest amount of traffic, and Expedia is a close second, so we're seeing pretty good stability from CPM results both on the TripAdvisor and Expedia side as far as rates go.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Heath Terry.[Canaccord Genuity]
Heath Terry - Canaccord Genuity: I was wondering if you could just give us a bit of a sense of where you feel like the European hotel business is trending right now between the agency and merchant model. Obviously, you're evolving your model there. The hotels are beginning to become -- it seems like more accepting of both models. Could you give us just a bit of an update of where you see that environment?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I think -- honestly, Heath, we're fairly neutral on it. When we talk about our business, we're not in the business of selling merchant hotels. We are in the business of selling hotels. And we bought Venere a few years back in order to make sure that we have access to the agency hotel model, to understand that model, and also because we thought Venere was a good brand. And being marketers of hotels, we're essentially neutral. We want to be able to sign up a high number of hotels in the European marketplace to the extent that hotels are smaller hotels, et cetera. Independent hotels often we'll sign them up as agency hotels and market them as such, to the extent that their larger hotels that want to participate in the Package business, we'll sign them up as merchant hotels and we'll market them as such. So I think that the strength that we're seeing in Europe isn't particularly because of merchant versus agency. It's because we're marketing our brands a bit more effectively, and some of the technology investments that we're making are resulting in conversion increases that help both merchant and agency volumes in Europe, both of which are growing.
Michael Adler: And I'd like to add that we are seeing increased growth in smaller markets in Europe for agency. It's where it's having its biggest impact.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, to Mike's points, the growth rates in Europe, tend to be fastest in the secondary and tertiary markets, where we are able to add agency inventory in addition to merchant inventory.
Heath Terry - Canaccord Genuity: And to your point on conversion rates, that obviously, implies that role that search engines are having in Europe. Do you see an opportunity there to make brand more important in that market? Or is the hotel business just going to be beholden to whoever kind of has the best conversion rates and able to bid the highest?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think that one of the strengths of our business is that we have a mix of brand and variable marketing, and that's part of our core strategy. Obviously, we've got some competitors who are very strong on brand, and we've got some competitors who go exclusively with variable marketing. Conversion will help both, right? If you've got higher conversion that allows you to afford to spend more in variable marketing channels to acquire more volume in the variable marketing channels, but it also theoretically helps you invest more in brand or invest more profitably in brand marketing. So we don't view the kind of goals of increasing conversion as being either an online or offline strategy, it's just a business strategy.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Scott Kessler with Standard & Poor's.
Scott Kessler - S&P Equity Research: I was wondering if you guys could talk a little bit about the business segment, specifically obviously, Egencia. What's been driving the growth there? What kind of trends are you seeing? Is it fair to assume that the recovery in business travel is underway?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I'd say it's definitely fair to say that the recovery in business travel is underway. There are three factors that are driving Egencia's growth. One is new client signings in excess of any client churn, and the signing volume for the business remains healthy. I'd say on balance, Europe is a real area of strength for us where we have terrific, terrific momentum in France, where we have a very strong position. The U.K. is turning out to be a nice market as well, and then obviously, the U.S. is a great base market as well. So client signings is one driver. The second driver is that same client spend is up as well, as just companies that cut back in travel spend are traveling again, they're hitting the road again in order to drive sales. And the third factor is that, the price of travel in general is up. I think you saw our average ATPs, systemwide were up 13%. That's true generally for the leisure and the business travel as well. So the cost of travel has gone up, and we haven't yet seen the cost of travel kind of discourage businesses from traveling, although that's something that we're going to be watching pretty closely. So I'd say pretty solid trends there. Egencia's gross bookings grew 36% in Q1, compared to American Express at 17% in American Express Corporate Travel. So we're gaining share there, and the team is executing well, so we like what we see there.
Scott Kessler - S&P Equity Research: And if I could follow up really quickly, do you feel like you have the scale, or at least have the scale at hand to be able to compete in the way that you want? Or do you think it makes sense to consider acquisitions or broader partnerships, or things like that? How do you think abut the business a couple of years from now, for example?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, sure. Listen, I think we're finally at the point where we have profitable scale on the business, and that's important for us. We spent 6 years basically putting every revenue dollar back into the business, and then you saw the business scale pretty dramatically last year. And we're at the point now where we can grow the business profitably for some period of time, at the same time, making very aggressive investments in new technology, et cetera, making investments in our sales force as well. That said, we are going to try to act at a scale of business. One example is the Travelforce acquisition. It was the smallest deal that we announced in early April, in Australia and New Zealand. We will look to bring in -- new corporate travel agencies into the fold. We will look to integrate them into the Egencia technology, which we think is a market-leading technology at lower cost, and also it has able to leverage off of some of the technology and the supply that we've got at greater Expedia. So we think we have the scale, but we actually think that through talk and acquisitions we can scale this business a whole lot more. So we're certainly on the lookout for acquisitions as well as organic growth.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Michael Millman with Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Regarding the platform, it doesn't seem like Priceline has any particular -- a very sophisticated platform to do very well. What's the difference between the two businesses? And also, could you quantify what added conversion may mean to revenue as bottom line? And unrelated to that, in the Japanese supply chain problems causing some fleet contractions in car rental, and so what effects are you seeing on your availability there? And to what extent are they moving away from you -- or the car rental companies moving away from having you as OTAs?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, I'll start with the first question. It's difficult to speculate on Priceline and their technology. But I would say that certainly, the Booking.com business for them that has been extraordinarily successful was, we believe built on kind of call it, newer technology than ours which is 10, 15 years old or some of it, but the base of it is. You'll also noticed that the hotel business is just a lot easier and simpler to architect than the Air, Hotel, Packages business. So you'll notice that as far as the platform investments that we made, the first release that we made was Hotels.com, and that was not a multiyear project. It was a little bit more than a year and from start to end. And as far as the payoff, and what you think the payoff is, I just again, I point to Hotels.com on a worldwide basis, gross bookings growth of 39% on the hotel side in Q1, versus 12% last year. Are we going to see that kind of multiplier effect on Expedia after the fact that's certainly I'm not counting on it, but an accelerator on Expedia would be, would result in great, great top line and bottom line results for the company as a whole, and that's what we're betting on. The Expedia platform in addition to just being air, hotel, packages, et cetera, is also a worldwide platform, so it's complex, it's incredibly capable. And the good news is that we've finally feel like we wrestled it down, and it's just a question of execution. It's not a question of if we can do it or what the architecture is looking like. The team is on top of it and executing, and I think that if we see similar results in Hotels.com, we'll be over the moon. Mike, do you want to talk about car a bit?
Michael Adler: Sure, so on the car side of the business, we did see transaction growth this quarter. We grew both at Expedia and at Hotwire, and we did see an increase, therefore, in -- in gross bookings, and we did have a bit of pressure on the pricing side. We are getting less access to opaque inventory. So we are selling more or distributing more on the retail side of the business. In terms of what's happening in the supply chain, we definitely are seeing tightening up on summer fleets. We expect demand to be stronger, and, yes, some fleet shortages this summer. So that will be a headwind for our business, particularly on the opaque side of the house. And in terms of -- do the car rental companies want to continue to work with OTAs, they definitely want to continue to work with us, and we're very happy about that and in fact, just renewed our deal with Enterprise.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. I think in general, the value that we bring to a number of these players and it's not unique to car rental companies is the demand allows them to increase the yields on the full book of business that they do with us. So to the extent that they lose the demand from us, then the full book of business might get weaker, in which can hurt revenue. And I think the broader set of healthy channels that you have as any kind of retailer, the stronger you can do yielding your inventory, and I think especially in a situation coming up for the car rental companies, where inventory is going to be tighter, we think having more demand and strengthening yield is a good thing for everybody.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Could you just give us a rough approximation of the quantification of better conversion to the top line?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Again, it depends on what conversion is, right? So if you increase your conversion by 5%, we should be 5% higher top line. Although you will, at times, see a multiplier of that, because the 5% increase in top line typically allows you to invest, let's say in more variable marketing channels. So a 5% increase in conversion will actually result in a higher increase in top line as a result of -- depending on what variable marketing channels you have available to you. But there's no kind of call it, easy one-to-one relationship there.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Kevin Crissey with UBS.
Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank: Can you talk about American at all, and I guess is no, but I wanted to see if you could talk about the change in economics and maybe when the GDS last direct connect will be implemented?
Dara Khosrowshahi: You guessed it right, Kevin. We're happy to have them in the marketplace, and other than that, we can't comment. We value that relationship, and hopefully, it's a relationship that we can continue within. Obviously, we wouldn't be back in business with each other, unless both of us were satisfied with the terms of the deal going forward.
Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank: And how about -- no timing as to when you have that yield?
Dara Khosrowshahi: No timing yet. We're working on particulars and if we have something to announce, we'll certainly announced it.
Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank: Okay. And I guess in terms of like who might have call who, American is still participating with Orbitz, so can we read that as maybe you guys calling them?
Dara Khosrowshahi: My mother actually called them. No. Kevin, again, I don't want to get into specifics. I think that it is in our interest to carry full inventory. It's an airline's interest to have as broad distribution as we can have. So broadly, I think to the extent we can come to terms with each other, we can all make more money, especially in this environment with higher fuel prices, et cetera. So other than that, I won't make a comment. I think, listen, I don't this is a deal where either party can declare a victory. I think it was a fair deal and hopefully, it can lead to bigger and better things.
Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank: Is there any risk with the airlines and their anti-trust suits against the GDSs, how does that -- what's your view on that?
Dara Khosrowshahi: We really can't comment on what's going on with the GDSs. We're spectators just like you are.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Sandeep Aggarwal with Caris & Company.
Sandeep Aggarwal - Caris & Company: I have two question please. One is, Dara, Google finally got approval for the ITA software acquisition. Are you comfortable with the conditions put by the regulators? And what can you do stand in your competitive positioning? And on a separate topic, can you give us any early examples or sign of traction for how your investments -- you been making technology Asia Pacific and TripAdvisor are paying off?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, as far as Google ITA goes, we don't have the detail of exactly what the conditions mean. We think that the Justice Department taking a position that the merger needed conditions in order to go forward, we think that's an appropriate position, and we agree with that. And obviously, we're interested in Google's kind of go forward action, and whether the Justice Department, or the FDC, or the EU looks into their action and into their actions and kind of their general market power. So we don't think that this is the end of the story, and we'll be an interested participant, and at the same time, we're a partner of Google's, and we expect to take advantage of the new products that they deliver and we're aggressive advertisers in their marketplaces. As far as their -- the new product that we expect from them, Places, et cetera, I'd say things haven't changed really. Google is an advertiser, and to the extent that we've got great brands and great inventory and a site that converts, we'll be able to bid aggressively and competitively on the leads that they send us. So more leads from Google is a good thing, and we think we'll be getting more leads from Google for some time to come. As far as the investments in Asia Pacific products, et cetera, I'd say you will see it in the international numbers over time. Asia Pacific is still a relatively small portion of our business. But it is -- we're at a position now where we're slightly profitable, essentially breakeven. And our interest right now is to grow the platform in the Asia Pacific market. It's as we are building up revenue to reinvest that revenue in marketing, reinvest that revenue back into technology, et cetera. We think that the joint venture with AirAsia is a terrific platform to grow off of, and we're seeing really, really good results out of both TripAdvisor and Hotels.com in the Asia Pacific region. And we will try to give you little nuggets of information, et cetera, but right now, I'd say that the international health that you see on the revenue side, it's certainly partially due to the efforts that we're making in the Asia Pacific region. And last but not the least, we're very, very happy with the strides that eLong has made in China. We've got a great management team in place there, laser-focused on the hotel market there. They're laser-focused on online hotel, driving the Online Hotel business, and we're seeing very healthy room night growth and I think we'll see that for sometime to come.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Bill Lennon with Monest Crest Bigheart [ph]
Unknown Analyst - : I want to ask 3 and I'll try to make them as quick as possible. Number one, you've brought in a lot of head count to work on the hotels and Expedia platforms. And let's say, I don't know if they'll ever be done, and done is in quotations marks, but let's say when these efforts are largely done and complete you're 90% of where you want to be, what happens to all the headcount you brought on specifically for these projects? That's number one. Number two, with respect to Asia Pacific being aggressive in the region, I think you said, "We look at hotels signings in the top 10 AP leisure destinations during the quarter," and it looks like the Priceline brands increased their hotels signings by more than 50% sequentially in fact, past Expedia for the top #1 spot. Expedia signings look like they're up about 7% by comparisons. So do you think you're being -- although you characterize your effort in Asia as aggressive, do you think you're being as aggressive as you need to be given how aggressive the Priceline family is? And third question, any feedback from hotels on Google Places, the efficacy of it? As a traveler, and this is anecdotal, I look at it, it doesn't seem very helpful to me, so I'm wondering if your hotels have given you any feedback on the product.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. As far as headcount goes, it's a great question. We're actually careful to bring in the effort that's needed to build out these platforms is a fixed headcount internal employees and also, variable headcount as well. And so like you said, to the extent that you're going to have a significant increase in throughput needed to build out this platform, we don't want to bring all of this throughput -- 100% of the throughput in-house, because what do we do with those folks once the work is done? So because we're bringing in some of that throughput through variable headcount, we should be able to, to the extent that we don't find other projects for these folks to do, we should be able to take down the variable headcount and kind of get into a more normal mode of operation. And also, I agree with you, you're never done with these kinds of things. I would say that, the new platform that we are building is fundamentally architected in a different way from the older platform, it's much more of a service-oriented architecture. It's much more flexible, et cetera. So I would hope that we don't have to go through the kind of the fundamental rearchitecting, as well as the rebuilding of the platform that we're going through now in the future. We're strongly architecting it so that we don't have to go through this again. At the same time, we will have to have a certain percentage of our throughput working on the platform improving it so that we don't get into this situation again. As far as the APAC supply, we are -- last year, we increased our supply on a worldwide basis very, very aggressively. And one thing that we did say is that we would focus more on building out demand into the base of hotels that we have. This is both in Europe and in the Asia Pacific markets. In general, our supply in the Asia Pacific markets have been growing nicely, it's over 30%. And we are sending volume into these hotels, which is very, very important. Is it aggressive enough, et cetera? I think sometimes, with the opportunity in that market, you never feel like it's aggressive enough. And we certainly feel the competition from not just Priceline and Agoda, but a lot of the local players out there, the [indiscernible] trips of the world, the [indiscernible] of the world. But it's such a large market that we don't think it's a winner-take-all market. We think there'll be 3, 4, 5, or 6 players who are solidly profitable. And we think we've built a platform where we can be one of those players as well. Lastly, on places, we really haven't had that much feedback from hotels on Google Places. I share with you that the product I think can improve a lot, but Google is a great consumer product company, and I would expect them to improve it. And I think the challenge for us, for the TripAdvisor team, et cetera, is to make sure that our specialized vertical products stays ahead of, call it, their more generalized product. And I think that's certainly something that we're up for.
Operator: At this time, I'm showing no further questions. I'd like to turn the conference back to Mr. Pickerill for any closing remarks.
Alan Pickerill: Okay, thanks, everybody, for joining us on the call today. A replay of the call will be available as usual on the IR website shortly after we wrap up. We appreciate your interest in Expedia and we look forward to convening with you again next quarter. Dara, do you have any closing?
Dara Khosrowshahi: No, just thanks for joining, and thank you for the -- to the Expedia employee base for everything you've put into Q1, and hopefully, we'll have good things to report to you in the next quarter and for the balance of the year. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, sir. And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Expedia First Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you very much for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-10 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Pickerill - Director, Investor Relations Michael Adler - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Dara Khosrowshahi - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Preferred Stock Subcommittee and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank Rohit Kulkarni Naved Khan - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies Herman Leung - Deutsche Bank AG Ronald Josey - Lehman Brothers Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. Welcome to Expedia Inc. Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will turn this over to Mr. Alan Pickerill, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Alan Pickerill: Thank you. Good afternoon, and welcome to Expedia Inc.'s Financial Results Conference Call for the Fourth Quarter and Full Year Ended December 31, 2010. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, Expedia's CEO and President; and Michael Adler, our CFO. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, February 10, 2011, only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate or similar statements. Please refer to today's press release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You'll find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the company's IR website at expediainc.com/ir. I encourage you to periodically visit our IR site for important content, including today's earnings release and our updated investor presentation. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense, and technology and content expense, excludes stock-based compensation, and all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2009. And with that, let me turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Alan, and thanks to everyone for joining us this afternoon. Overall, 2010 was a solid year, with room night growth of 14%, air ticket growth of 11% and operating income before amortization, or OIBA, growth of 9%. We would've made our low-double-digit OIBA growth target excluding certain items that Mike will discuss later.  Adjusted earnings per share grew a robust 24% on an improved operating performance helped by nearly $500 million of share repurchases. While Mike will cover the Q4 financial results in a bit more detail, I'd like to cover some of our strategic focus areas. We believe that we've just touched the surface and have significant potential ahead of us on product improvements, resulting from our technology investments. For example, we're seeing great results at Hotels.com, which completed its platform migration roughly a year ago and has executed quite effectively, driving conversion improvements and substantially higher room night growth in both the U.S. and Europe compared to just a half a year ago. January trends are even better, with Hotels.com room night growth in the 30% range, so we're very encouraged by their progress and execution. Our Expedia brand posted mixed results in the quarter and, overall, grew revenue at roughly the same rate as the third quarter. We've just brought in the new President for the division, Scott Durchslag, who was most recently the COO of Skype and started with us at the beginning of the year.  We're in the midst of significant platform work for the Expedia brand, which we expect to begin to lead to real conversion improvements in roughly six to nine months, similar to the conversion improvements that we've already seen at Hotels.com subsequent to their platform work. We've got a good playbook and believe that Scott and his team can effectively execute that playbook for Expedia. And as we improve our product, we continue to see strong results from our loyalty program at Hotels.com, and are investing in a new program at Expedia.  Hotels.com WelcomeRewards is now well over 2 million members, and we've found that these members not only spend more with us, but they also come to us through cheaper marketing channels than our other customers. Expedia.com has now soft-launched its new loyalty program, Expedia Rewards, which allows us to give our members more points, including points for air travel. We view these investments as building moats around our brands and customers in an ever more competitive environment. Now all of our brands also have significant efforts underway in social media and mobile, as these two channels are exploding and represent significant long-term opportunity for us.  Mobile bookings are growing very fast across our brands, and extremely short booking window on these transactions, a very high percentage of which are same-day bookings, suggests to us that they're likely incremental. We acquired Mobiata, a proven success story in Q4, to accelerate our efforts in mobile. Mobiata is best known for its flight status application, FlightTrack, a top iPhone app for the last two years. And we've just, last week, announced the acquisition of EveryTrail. EveryTrail will be a part of TripAdvisor and has developed a GPS-enabled publishing platform to create outdoor tours and city guides for mobile devices. The technology will complement TripAdvisor's millions of traveler reviews and opinions, and enrich the quality of information consumers can access from their smartphones. TripAdvisor itself had a great year, with annual third-party revenue growth of 48% and growth in its international business in excess of 100%. Efforts continue in international expansion and in new products. The hotel listings product now boasts nearly 25,000 hotel properties, and we've seen strong renewal rates. We're finding that a good number of these hotel customers are smaller, independent boutique properties in Europe who love the product, and nearly 1/3 of whom don't have an existing relationship with an OTA.  In social media, TripAdvisor recently launched its instant personalization efforts on Facebook and has seen tremendous results, recently moving into the number two spot, amongst companies using instant personalization with Facebook, just behind Bing. With TripAdvisor leading the way, we believe that over time, our advertising and media business will reach $1 billion in revenue.  Now looking ahead, our focus remains squarely on building the best travel products and experiences for our travelers all over the world, and tapping into the incredibly explosive new channels such as mobile and social media, and into promising regions such as Asia Pacific and Latin America. We're very encouraged by our early results and are confident that we can earn substantial returns on these opportunities, and will not pull back on these investments due to any short-term financial hit that we may see as a result of any near-term events. I'm happy to cover more details on these initiatives when we get to Q&A, but for now let me pass it on to Mike.
Michael Adler: Thanks, Dara. Q4 was a solid finish to a good year, albeit lighter on the bottom line than we had planned. We were pleased with the revenue growth of 16% in the quarter. Q4 OIBA growth of 7% included an aggregate $10 million for increased occupancy tax settlement reserves and accruals and the net impact of certain accounting adjustments.  In addition, we think that the winter storms hurt OIBA by around $5 million for the quarter. Without these items, we would have easily achieved our low-double-digit OIBA growth target for the year. We were also pleased to see revenue margins higher year-on-year for the first time since we took the significant consumer fee actions in 2009. And once again, we generated substantial free cash flow, $622 million for the year. From a brand perspective, we saw a strong performance from Hotels.com, whose Q4 revenue growth accelerated sharply from Q3 as a result of faster room night growth. It's especially encouraging to see the revenue growth for Hotels.com accelerate in each of North America, Europe and APAC simultaneously.  TripAdvisor continues to post strong results, including third-party international revenue growth over 80% for the quarter. And even with tougher comps, Egencia continued its excellent performance, with gross bookings growth of 27% and revenue growth of 33%, as our Corporate Travel brand outshines competitors in helping clients move their travel bookings online and to better manage their travel spend. From a product perspective, hotel room nights in Q4 grew faster than in Q3 at 15% year-on-year, continuing the long-term trend of taking share in the lodging market. Both domestic and international grew at a healthy clip, and at rates similar to last quarter. Volume was modestly impacted by the severe weather conditions experienced in Q4. Our ADRs were up 2% for the quarter, with flat revenue per room night. In air, ticket growth was 6% year-over-year, with a 9% increase in revenue per ticket. In Q4, we accelerated revenue recognition on our merchant air product to the book date, which accounted for roughly 2/3 of the improvement per ticket. This, of course, is a one-time impact, so we do not expect to see similar revenue per ticket growth looking forward. Since the beginning of the year, we're pleased to have signed new multi-year supplier agreements with US Airways and WestJet.  On the expense side, we accelerated the recognition of certain credit card fee payments, and these, along with some other adjustments, drove the deleverage in cost of revenue in the quarter. In fact, without these adjustments, cost of revenue would've grown slower than revenue for the quarter and for the full year. I would also note that the customer operations component of cost of revenue grew just 7% in the quarter, showing good leverage. As far as our financial expectations are concerned, we're expecting mid-single-digit OIBA growth for full year 2011. We expect healthy hotel room night growth again, but expect air to be challenged by higher average ticket prices and inventory availability. Keep in mind, our forecast for 2011 includes significant investments, continuing projects which we began in 2010, as well as new investments beginning in Q1. These investments across technology and marketing are intended to improve our competitive standing and position us well for long-term sustainable growth, and include: platform work on Expedia, expansion in APAC and Lat Am, new platforms like social and mobile and new product offerings like loyalty programs and international opaque. As a result, for the year, we're targeting leverage and cost of revenue in G&A, but expect deleverage in selling and marketing and tech and content. Q1 is seasonally our lowest revenue quarter of the year. With the investments we're making and other near-term headwinds, we expect OIBA in Q1 to be flat to down. More broadly, we're expecting stronger OIBA growth in the second half of the year, compared to the growth we'll see in the first half. As usual, our financial expectations are based on current foreign exchange rates, and any rate fluctuations could have an impact on our actual results. Our strategic focus has never been better. We're working very hard to make the right investments for the long-term growth of the business while still delivering solid near-term results. We are extremely energized by the opportunities and challenges we have in front of us. With that, let's turn to questions. Operator, would you please remind listeners how to ask a question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Ingrid Chung with Goldman Sachs.
Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So I was wondering if you could talk about the Google Places issue. What kind of impact did you see on the business from the removal of the links last quarter? And what could Trip (sic) [TripAdvisor] do to offset the risk from Google Places? And just related to that, I guess, how much of TripAdvisor's traffic comes from Google's organic results?
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as how much of TripAdvisor's traffic coming from Google organic results, that's something that, for competitive reasons, we're not going to talk about. Suffice it to say that the Google channel, both paid and organic, is a very significant channel for TripAdvisor. The TripAdvisor team is -- you know that the TripAdvisor content is terrific content, and the review content continues to grow and continues to be fresh. So it shows up very high and organic results. And obviously, the TripAdvisor SEM team is also a high-performing team. So Google is a very big and important channel for TripAdvisor and will remain a large channel for them. As far as the effect, the specific effect of Google Places, the actual removal of links on Places really has not had that significant an effect on TripAdvisor at all. The traffic that we got, or get, from Places in general is pretty small relative to our overall traffic. What effects us more is Google favoring Places, its own internal results, so to speak, over organic results. So to the extent that Google is favoring its own results, Places, and automatically putting them on top of organic results which are, call it third-party results as we've seen, that pushes third-party results down. We don't think it's a good consumer experience because clearly, consumers do like to look at reviews, et cetera. But that's really the traffic driver, it's not traffic through Places but it's traffic through the SCO links that's very important for TripAdvisor. Even with all that, you can definitely see TripAdvisor's revenue growth is still very, very healthy, and we expect quick growth in 2011 to be well in excess of 20% plus. And we expect TripAdvisor revenue growth to continue. TripAdvisor has really diversified its source of revenue both in the U.S., but especially internationally. Its international growth is incredibly strong. We're in 27-plus countries and expanding on a monthly basis. And also, we have made very significant investments in building the mobile channels wherein in any country, we're in on the ground. We also include mobile sites, we just released an iPad application, et cetera. And mobile is turning out to be a very significant and quickly growing channel for TripAdvisor. And social as well, our instant personalization efforts with Facebook are very interesting, and we're increasing the number of people who are personalized on Facebook at a rapid rate, which I think really differentiates TripAdvisor. TripAdvisor used to be just about the wisdom of the crowds, and we're transforming TripAdvisor from not just being the wisdom of the crowds but to also being the wisdom of the crowds and your best friends, and knowing where your friends have been and understanding what advice you can get from them. So these are investments that we made for two, three years. We think we're very well-positioned, and we see the Google channel growing healthily, and we see these other new channels growing even faster.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Naved Kahn with Jefferies & Company.
Naved Khan - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: One question on the 30% kind of growth that you mentioned on the hotel side in January. Is there something different that you're doing now versus just a quarter, where that's led to this acceleration, or is it just a ramp-up of effort?
Dara Khosrowshahi: It really has to do with the platform migration that we've talked about. And it's the same thing that, essentially, Expedia is going through. Hotels.com, in 2009, we reinvested the platform, we combined the European platform and the U.S. platform, and that platform work was really completed in Q1 of 2010. Once we improved the platform and completed that work, we were able to engage in significantly accelerated work on the hotel path on the various stages to innovate and bring in new feature sets which increased conversion for Hotels.com. And it's kind of a sequential methodology. You come out with a new feature, you test it. If it works, you roll it out, if it doesn't work, you pull it back. So it's really the amalgamation of, I'd say, the great work that the Hotels.com team has done on site optimization, which has gone throughout 2010 and has added up on top of itself. So when we look at Hotels.com's growth rate in 2010, the first half was not so good, but the second half got better. And in 2011, it's really off to a roaring start. And it's really that playbook that I was talking about for Expedia. The Expedia platform is more complex. It has more lines of business, so to speak. But we've seen it work for Hotels.com, and there's no reason why it can't work for Expedia as well.
Naved Khan - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And then secondly, what kind of impact did you see in January from the ticketing issue with American Airlines?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Well, we're still trying to work that out, and I'm not going to specifically talk about partner kind of relationships and -- as they're alive. Obviously, we want to have American Airlines content on Expedia. We think having maximum content, open content in general, on OTAs and on a broad basis on the Internet is great for customers. It's great for us. We think it's great for American. But we've got to work with the American on terms that works for us and are fair to our customers, so to speak. So while, certainly, American not be on the site will have some short-term impact on our financial results, we still have a great air product. We've got a dynamite Hotel product and we have a business that's very, very diversified, the media streams, the hotel streams and the international revenue coming in. So certainly not a position that we want to be in from a long-term basis, but this is -- it's a bump in the road, and we hope that we can come to terms with American that satisfy both sides.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney with Citigroup.
Rohit Kulkarni: This is Rohit Kulkarni filling in for Mark. A couple of questions, especially about the mobile app company that you acquired and you indicated that it accounts for mobile traffic accounts for 4% of Expedia traffic, and bookings, you do about [ph] 600 person year-over-year. So how similar or different do you think is the monetization rate of traffic on mobile versus regular traffic? And how material can mobile become? I just want to get your sense.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I think it's -- honestly, I think it's a pretty speculative question, and my guess is as good as anyone else's. We don't think that there's any reason why mobile traffic can't convert or shouldn't convert, as well as web traffic. Today on Expedia, for example, mobile traffic does convert at lower rates as our site. But we think that we can close the gap, so to speak, and we can close the gap quickly. And that, to some extent, is a pretty significant reason why we brought Mobiata in-house. It's a small team that thinks mobile but thinks differently, and already the kind of work that they're doing with the Expedia team is incredibly encouraging as far as radically improving the quality of our mobile product. So within in 2011, we expect to see those benefits. People are coming to the mobile side, and we think that to the extent that we can increase conversion to any place close to the overall stock conversion, this can be a channel that's growing even faster. If it's 4% of our -- if it's 4%, 5% of our traffic, I think it can get to 10-plus percent of our traffic within the next 12 to 18 months easily, not only in the U.S. but also abroad is right. But those are wild guesses. So we're very hopeful of the team coming in. We're working well together with them, and we think that it just jump-starts our efforts there, and hopefully kind of distinguishes our product above what else you see in the marketplace.
Michael Adler: I'd point out that Hotels.com mobile is already converting at the same or better rates than it is on the website. And also, when we think of mobile, we also think of tablets and iPads, et cetera, and we're having very good, early signs of success there as well. As Dara said, it remains to be seen just how big it can be, but we're very encouraged.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Inc: And Mike, can you give a sense of -- you talked about investments and, in particular, Asia Pacific. So what kind of investments do you think you need to make to fuel your growth further in the Asia markets, and how long do you expect to be in investment mode?
Michael Adler: In Asia Pacific, we talked about that in a bit on our last call. We're going to be expanding Expedia points of sale and Hotels.com points of sale in the region. We're also putting a lot more feet on the ground, particularly in our PSG market management organization. And it's something where we think that, in 2011, the investment can really ramp us up for a much more successful 2012. I can't really predict right now how long we're going to be in investment mode, but I think as we go through 2011 and evaluate the returns that we're getting, we'll keep you guys posted.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And Rohit, just to give you a little bit more color on Asia and investments there. The Hotels.com has a broad basis in Asia and has the kind of breadth of coverage that we want it to have. So for Hotels.com, it's a matter of optimizing the site, improving the contents, investing in marketing and expanding, and we're seeing growth rates actually, in 2011, that are accelerating over what we saw in 2010. Usually in these markets, as they get bigger, they kind of slowdown, but we're seeing, actually, acceleration with Hotels.com. Some of this has to do with the platform investments that I talked about previously. Expedia's exposure in Asia Pacific is a bit more concentrated. It's mostly in Australia, Japan and India. And what you will see with Expedia in 2011 is a significant acceleration in the points of sale that we actually launch. We launch in Singapore and expect us to launch in anywhere between five to seven, or eight new countries, depending on our technology launch schedule in 2011. So we're pretty excited about that. And then TripAdvisor has very broad coverage in Asia in general, but we do continue to invest very aggressively in the Chinese market. DaoDao and Kuxun. DaoDao is essentially TripAdvisor for China, already has the greatest number of reviews in the Chinese markets and growing very quickly. Kuxun is the number two metasearch player there. And we're investing in excess of $10 million in losses a year there, but the Chinese market is worth it. It's a giant market. These sites are top 10 sites, and we think this near-term investment is going to pay off long-term in a big way. And we think it puts us in a unique position. We don't think there's any other kind of global OTA out there, travel company out there that's building this kind of a position in China. And we think it's going to pay off, and it's going to pay off pretty significantly.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Post with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Paul Bieber [ph] for Justin Post. Going back to Google Places. Was the impact on TripAdvisor across all geographies? And then, secondly, can you give us a sense of what percentage of hotel bookings are tied to air?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as the impact on TripAdvisor, it's tough to tell. It was fairly broad, but the international points of sale at TripAdvisor are growing so fast that a slight hit to traffic, or the hits to traffic that we saw as a result of Google Places doesn't mean much when you've got growth rates in high-double-digits, sometimes triple-digits. So internationally, we felt it less, and we certainly felt it more in the U.S. Although, again, quick growth for TripAdvisor. We think in 2011, it's going to be quite healthy. As far as the percentage of hotel bookings, you want to talk about that, Mike?
Michael Adler: Sure. It's not a number that we specifically disclose, but the number of folks that come in and buy a stand-alone air ticket and then come back to buy a stand-alone hotel room is fairly low. And it's, again, not a metric that we disclose.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think the other side of that is certainly the package business for us at Expedia is a pretty important driver of economics and hotel room nights. And to the extent that air inventory in the package path becomes less optimal than the hotel, obviously the hotel room nights out of the package path will slow down, and we are seeing signs of that in January. But when it gets to stand-alone hotel room night growth at Expedia, which are at good double-digit rates, those searchers tend to just come in and search for hotels and book hotels.
Unidentified Analyst: And how much of the emerging businesses in TripAdvisor are contributing right now?
Dara Khosrowshahi: They're getting bigger and bigger. Again, we don't disclose financial specifically, but I was talking to Steve Kaufer, who's the CEO of TripAdvisor, and he said in January, probably 25% of his traffic came from U.S. IPs. So 75% of TripAdvisor's traffic now is coming from non-U.S. IPs. Obviously, the non-U.S. business is younger, it doesn't monetize as well, but it's a pretty extraordinary number, and it tells you about the long path that TripAdvisor has, as far as growth goes. To give you an idea again on the relative monetization, TripAdvisor's revenue, 50-plus percent of TripAdvisor's revenue, well over 50% is the U.S. But so much of the traffic is now coming internationally, and we think, as the gap between the two narrows, you have pretty extraordinary long-term revenue opportunity.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Crissey with UBS.
Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank: When you look at the American business or whatever loss you may have there, is it varied by market? I would think in markets where American is dominant, you may lose more share than, say, a market where they're just a player and maybe there is more alternative to switch to other airlines. Are you seeing anything on a market-by-market basis that would indicate that?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, absolutely. There are certain markets where -- origination markets where American is very strong, and those are the markets where we see our air ticket growth and package volume impacted the most. There is certainly a pretty significant recapture rate that we are seeing, but it's early. And again, we'll be able to tell you more in Q1 as things shape out and we understand the trends.
Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank: I know you have some relationships that work this way, but does your relationship with American or, maybe it's just in general, if you don't want to speak about American -- I mean, if I'm American, I don't want to pay you very much for a booking from Dallas, or maybe from Boston, Miami, but I'm happy for a backhaul market, if you fill. Is that how your contracts are structured, such that the economics work that way, or is that a possibility for the next contract?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think every contract is different. And there are certain partners with -- we're certainly open to working with partners on that basis. But every contract is unique. Some of our partners like to pay kind of flat fee for traffic. Some of them will pay different amounts based on international traffic coming in. And we have tested with certain contracts where partners might pay differently for traffic coming from a hub or non-hub city. The one thing that we have common in all the contracts is we get paid a commission by our partners, and we connect to the GDS. And again, I think if American is willing to work with us the way that 300 other airliners are, we'd certainly be happy to work with them.
Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank: And does the US Airways, the new -- I guess, the way there's a choice seat, is that coming fully through the GDS, or how is that -- is that being handled as a fare class? How are you actually, logistically, handling that?
Dara Khosrowshahi: We anticipate that it's going to come through the GDS. And so that's how we think it's going to work. To the extent that they can make it work through the GDS, we'll figure out an alternative way. But I think the point is the end customer experience, right? We've made a deal with US Air, all their content is in. We want to be able to retail choice seats from them. We'd rather get it through the GDS, because that's a very easy way of aggregating content and presenting it, and that our anticipation for now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth with Barclays Capital.
Ronald Josey - Lehman Brothers: This is Ron Josey calling in for Doug, actually. So two quick questions. The first on marketing cost and then the other on guidance. On marketing cost, during the quarter, we saw cost grow around 20%. I'm wondering if this growth was more from the CPC basis, CPC inflation, or more because of Expedia's folks entering newer markets? And, specifically, if there's any comments on CPC inflation domestically versus that in Europe? And then I've got another question, real quick, just on guidance, where I think Mike, you said we would expect the first half OIBA to be flat to down, second half to see some growth. I'm wondering if that growth is mostly due to investments coming off, or just a stronger leisure travel market that's expected?
Michael Adler: On the marketing cost, it's a number of different things. There definitely is some CPC inflation that we're seeing across the business. I don't have kind of domestic versus international breakout for you, but I would say we're definitely seeing that. And we also are continuing to grow faster and expand in international markets where our marketing efficiency today is still lower than it is in the U.S., and that is part of the reason we're making the investments that we're making in the platform, to drive conversion and try and get that more equivalent. So we are, again, spending more on SEM. I think we've mentioned that on prior calls, that we've determined that, that's an area of the market that there's further opportunities for us to take some more share in. On guidance, I'm going to restate what you said, because I'm not sure it was exactly consistent with what I said in my remarks. For Q1, we expect Q1 to be flat to down. We said that we expect to see the second half of the year grow faster than the first half of the year. And there are a number of things going on there. To a large degree, it really has to do with comping some of the investments that we started to make in the second half of 2010, and so we're having much more significant comps in the first half of 2011. It's our more typical pattern to hold technology and content spend flat from Q4 to Q1. This year, we're actually increasing it. So that will also make the comps a bit more difficult. In the second half of the year, we do believe that we'll start to see some of the conversion benefits on Expedia that Dara referred to earlier, and that will also help the business as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Millman with Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: I guess a couple of -- to relay, and then another one. Could you tell us what the percentage of your hotel revenues that are direct connect? And I assume it's pretty high, why can't that be the case with the airlines as well? And could you also sort of, I guess unrelated, tell us what the rental car companies' supply and pricing has looked like, and currently -- and what it looks like over the next several months.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Mike. As far as hotel direct connect, the majority of our transactions come through, I guess, what you call direct connect. There are really two -- I say three significant systems that we use for hotel connectivity. One is we have a system called ARI where we connect into the major chain revenue systems electronically. We also have another system where we provide kind of extra net sites for hotels, call it smaller independent hotels to go and update their pricing inventory, et cera. And then we also connect through the GDS. And those are the three areas. In general, our transactions through the ARI, kind of the electronic connectivity and through the extranet significantly exceed our transactions through the GDS. As far as why can't air be the same, I'd point you to a couple of factors. First of all, we built these systems over a number of years on the hotel side. The hotel business is 60-plus percent of our revenue, and as a result, we are happy to allocate very significant capital to that side of our business, which is really providing the majority of our revenue. And when we built our Merchant Hotel product, there really wasn't a connectivity system that can get us what we wanted, which is kind of instantaneous inventory pricing at the scale that we wanted. So we really had to build it ourselves. If there was a third party offering it the way that we wanted it, we might have picked up that third party. We still use various third parties to help us with our connectivity in various ways. The other factor that I'd add is that, in general, air bookings are much more complex than hotel bookings as far as getting a specific seat, different fare classes, pricing is much more variable, and if you want to stay at a hotel in Chicago, that's a pretty simple question. If you want to fly from London to Chicago, there are literally tens of thousands of ways to get there, and that's a much more complex question to ask. So building out, we think hotel direct connect, which we have, is not quite as large a challenge as building out air direct connect. And there are partners who've built out air connect. They have these wonderful switches, terrific technology and great partners of ours called GDSs. And the vast majority of our air partners are happy to work with us through GDSs, and we think that long term, it's a model that's worked, and we think it's a model that will continue to work. As far as car side, the transaction growth in the quarter was healthy. There was some pricing improvements, I'd say, on kind of slowly improving fleet capacity in the industry. And what we're seeing for the quarter coming forward is that we do expect fleet capacity growth, but what we're hearing from the car companies is that they're going to be fairly cautious on fleet capacity. Obviously, air capacity and effect of oil prices, et cetera, is going to have some effect on what we see our partners doing. So in general, we see gross bookings revenue on the car side growing, but we think that revenue per unit, revenue per rental day is probably going to be a headwind in 2011 rather than a tailwind.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: When you say price improvement in the quarter just ended, do you mean that you're getting a lower price, a better price or the car rental companies are getting a better price?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I'd say in general, pricing has been stable to up. We have seen a mix shift from higher-margin products, so to speak, to lower-margin products in general. So that has been a headwind on the revenue side. But in general, pricing has been decent. But I think we do expect some headwinds on car pricing going into 2011.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: And one final question, getting back to the first. ITA, does that offer reasonable competitive product to the GDS?
Dara Khosrowshahi: ITA is the dominant pricing system, airline pricing system out there for third parties. So the GDSs offer lots of services, airline hosting products and actually connectivity. They will allow us to book through tickets, et cetera, agency tickets with our airline partners, and airlines can load in fares, et cetera. ITA, at this point, provides just third-party pricing. So that if, let's say, I talked about that tour from London to Chicago, ITA will find all the different itineraries and try to price the best itinerary out there, similar to an internal product that we have, called BFS. We have heard that ITA is trying to develop GDS hosting-like functionality, but at least we haven't seen that hit the market yet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Sandler with RBC Capital Markets.
Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: I joined the call a little bit late, but I just had two questions. These may be repetitive, but first on TripAdvisor. The margin decline that you saw in TripAdvisor, is that solely due to the kind of high-margin revenue coming out from your the organic traffic you were getting from Google? And should we think about the margin in this business -- if we look year-over-year, should we see the same kind of decline until we comp this quarter next year? Or are there variable costs that you can cut in the TripAdvisor business to kind of get your margins back up, or how do we think about that? And then the second question is on the guidance. What kind of -- your hotel revenue has been growing kind of low-double-digits to teens towards the end of the year. What kind of revenue growth for hotel has baked into the 2011 guidance, and can you just talk about some of the trends in international versus domestic on the guidance for hotel?
Michael Adler: On your first question on TripAdvisor, our full year OIBA margin for TripAdvisor was over 53%, and it's actually interesting to note that TripAdvisor has actually expanded its OIBA margins since 2008 while both growing its business and investing pretty significantly. That said, in Q4 the OIBA margin did drop. It dropped about the same level as the drop that occurred in Q3. Q4 '09 was a particularly tough comp. That's when the business really started rebounding post-recession. And so we don't really attribute the decline in margin very much to what's going on with Google. And really, it's more of a reflection of Q4 being seasonally the lowest revenue quarter for TripAdvisor and the investments that we're making. As we look forward into 2011, we continue to expect a strong top line. I think Dara talked about click growth in the mid-20%. We're seeing growth in revenue from new products, et cetera, but we're going to continue to make the investments in SniqueAway, Vacation Rentals, China, mobile, social, et cetera. And those things will impact OIBA margins, and we expect probably several hundred basis points of drop in 2011 to somewhere around 50% level. In terms of the cost levers for TripAdvisor, there are certain investments that I'd mentioned earlier that we're making that we could, perhaps, pull back on if the business grew slower, but we really believe in the long-term potential of those investments. And when you have a business that's as strong as TripAdvisor, that's grown as consistently and profitably as TripAdvisor, the last thing that we're going to start to do is prune back on really good investment opportunities because of a near-term situation where we're adjusting to some lower SCO traffic from Google. So on the second question, and that was on guidance and hotel, we are assuming healthy unit growth in our guidance for hotel in 2011. We expect supplier margins to be -- continue to be relatively stable. So that obviously implies good growth in our hotel revenue business in 2011. As between domestic and international, we expect to see the domestic market continue to perform nicely for us, WelcomeRewards at Hotels.com is very strong in the U.S. Expedia is doing nicely in the U.S. as well. So we expect to continue to grow in the U.S. end, and take share. In international markets, as we indicated earlier, we're going really hard at Asia and really hard at Latin America, so we expect to see much higher growth rates there, and we already are seeing much higher growth rates. And on Europe, we've really seen a nice rebound at Hotels.com in Europe after the platform work that we did last year. And we're working to get to the same spot with Expedia internationally. So putting it all together, we feel good about the hotel business and its growth prospects for 2011.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Herman Leung with Deutsche Bank Securities.
Herman Leung - Deutsche Bank AG: Just two quick questions. First, I guess, you talked about how TripAdvisors, 50% of revenues, but yet it's only 25% of U.S. IP traffic. Obviously, the U.S. market is very important from a monetization standpoint. And not to beat a dead horse, but a lot of folks have been talking about Google Places, the impact of that. I know you guys have talked about how it hasn't impacted you guys that much. But curious on what you guys are expecting from a U.S. TripAdvisor growth standpoint in 2011? And then second question I have is on your guidance you had talked about a mid-single-digit kind of investment growth, and obviously that's going to be more front-end loaded from an investment standpoint. Curious if you can kind of break down between the cost that you're spending on the core business versus the TripAdvisor business in kind of two or three kind of key investment areas there. And then I have one very quick follow-up.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Herman. I'll start with Trip. And just what I'd say is we expect to see -- we're not going to get specific, but healthy growth, both in the U.S. and internationally as well. Overall, TripAdvisor's unique users, I think, this year, got to 40 million new use, up 60% over the beginning of the year. I mean just traffic, both in the U.S. and international, are growing very fast. We're going to see healthy growth in the U.S. but I won't get more specific than that. And international growth will be well in excess of that. The note I will make for TripAdvisor again is that, the fastest-growing part of TripAdvisor, international, will monetize at a lower rate, but as that monetization approaches the monetization of the U.S., which, over the long term, it should, we expect to see really great things. And then, Mike, you want to talk about the investments?
Michael Adler: Sure. So as I understood the question, it's really how much of the investments are core business versus TripAdvisor. And I would say, we've really been investing heavily in TripAdvisor for several years, and we've seen nice returns on, for example, the business listings investment. There is some increase in that this year, but I would say the main increase in investment this year, really, is on Expedia. It's the platform work that we've been discussing during the call. It is really the expansion of Expedia into APAC and Latin America, particularly APAC, where we feel like we are underrepresented. We're also investing in a loyalty platform on Expedia. We've seen the great success that Hotels.com has had with its WelcomeRewards loyalty platform, and so we've looked at that and said the way to go is to build it ourselves. So we're doing that, and that takes time, it takes effort and it takes some investment, but we're really confident that we know how to crack these types of nuts.
Herman Leung - Deutsche Bank AG: And then can you kind of give us a quick comment on how ADR trended in the fourth quarter, and maybe in early January, between domestic and the European regions for us?
Michael Adler: So on ADRs, we really haven't seen much difference in early January than we saw in Q4. And we saw ADRs up modestly in the U.S., and probably trailing a bit internationally.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Now for Europe, ADRs in dollar terms, it's flattish, while the U.S. is up low-single-digits. And we expect to see, I would guess, more of the same into January. Although I think some ADR growth for the industry is certainly going to be healthy.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray.
Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies: I think you've answered this, but when you think about where you're going to put the largest focus internationally in 2011, it sounds like APAC. And then, I guess, what will be other geographies kind of following APAC?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think APAC, obviously, number one, China's going to be fairly -- it's a substantial piece of it. Latin America and Brazil are very big, attractive markets for Hotels.com that we're investing in. Again, Expedia will be coming in with a stronger presence in Mexico, and starting to establish a presence in Brazil as well. And the European markets as well. I don't want to, by any means, downplay Europe. You obviously see the size and the richness of the European market with some of our competition, especially Booking.com, and we're seeing really good results out of Hotels.com in Europe. We're introducing the Hotwire opaque product into Europe as well this year. Expect that as a Q2 event. We think that's a great product that will lend itself to the European consumer who always wants to take money. And then we're going to put considerable effort behind Expedia, which has been trailing somewhat in Europe, and we think sum up again the Hotels.com playbook as far as driving site conversion with some of this re-platforming will work in Europe just as it has for Hotels.com. So those are kind of the plays that we have on hand.
Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies: And then there's a lot of smaller private companies there doing various components or participating in various verticals that TripAdvisor has some focus in. Do you think that these smaller, more focused sites are gaining any share in some of those verticals served by TripAdvisor, or maybe, said another way, do you think the competitive environment for TripAdvisor has changed at all recently?
Dara Khosrowshahi: You know what, can you give me an example of one of the private companies you're talking about?
Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies: I mean there's a whole list of -- I guess, you could say, like Uptick, Home Away, Kayak, companies like that.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. I put, I guess, Kayak and Home Away in different categories. Those are the smaller companies, but I'd say they're category leaders. Home Away is a great business in the vacation rentals area, and Kayak obviously is a big meta-player here. There are lots of meta-players in Europe that are very strong. So I think in those categories, TripAdvisor actually is the one who's hopefully nipping at their heels and catching up. TripAdvisor's built a really nice vacation rentals product. We bought a company called the Holiday Lettings in the U.K. to establish our market there. And we think, other than Home Away, we think we're the only other company that can build this kind of global subscription base in the vacation rentals product. We're the only ones who have the audience and the ability to bring in reviews, et cetera, into play. And then on the air meta side, as far as Kayak goes, we've built a nice air meta-product in TripAdvisor. Honestly, the economics of that air product are not nearly as good as the economics of the hotel product, but it's a product that our consumers like a lot. And it's a product that we use to attract consumers into the TripAdvisor family and then hopefully, upsell them with the hotel product, with reviews, with forms, et cetera. Its consumers still search a lot for air product, and we can use that product to kind of upsell them into everything else that TripAdvisor offers. So we have been expanding the breadth of TripAdvisor's product, as we expand the size of TripAdvisor's audience, and we love what we see. And we'll keep investing in the new products, in business listings, as well as international, just because of the opportunities out there.
Operator: And I'm showing no further questions at this time. We'll turn the call back to management for any closing remarks.
Alan Pickerill: Okay. Thank you very much. Thanks for everybody for joining us on the call, and for all the questions. The replay will be available on the IR website shortly after the call. We appreciate your interest in Expedia, and we look forward to talking to you again next quarter. Dara, do you have any closing comments?
Dara Khosrowshahi: No. Just thank you for joining on the call. Special thanks to the Expedia Inc. employees for all their efforts in 2010. And looking for bigger and better things in 2011. So thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude Expedia Inc's Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. If you like to listen to a replay of today's conference, please dial 1(800)406-7325, or (303)590-3030 and entering the access code 440-3313. We thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-28 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Pickerill - Director, Investor Relations Michael Adler - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Dara Khosrowshahi - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Preferred Stock Subcommittee and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Sandeep Aggarwal - Caris & Company Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Imran Khan - JP Morgan Chase & Co Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets Corporation Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch Douglas Anmuth - Barclays Capital James Mitchell - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Herman Leung - Deutsche Bank AG Scott Kessler - S&P Equity Research Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Expedia Inc. Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Now I'd like to hand the conference over to Alan Pickerill, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Alan Pickerill: Thank you, Josh. Good afternoon, and welcome to Expedia Inc.'s financial results conference call for the third quarter ended September 30, 2010. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, Expedia's CEO and President; and Michael Adler, our CFO. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, October 28, 2010, only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate or similar statements. Please refer to today's press release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You'll find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on our company's IR website at expediainc.com/ir. I encourage you to periodically visit our IR site for important content, including today's earnings release and our updated investor presentation. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense and technology and content expense excludes stock-based compensation and all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2009. And with that, let me turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Alan, and thanks, everyone for joining us this afternoon. We're pleased to be announcing solid Q3 results today. Unit growth was quite healthy, with growth in air tickets and hotel room nights outpacing the growth that we posted last quarter. And as expected, per unit revenue improved with flat revenue per room night and 4% growth for revenue per air ticket. We also saw another terrific quarter for our Advertising and Media business, with revenue growing a robust 40% driven by TripAdvisor's third-party revenue growth of 59%. Our corporate travel business, Egencia, again posted solid gross bookings and revenue growth, and it's showing continued strength in new client sales across SME, mid-market segments as well as among large accounts. Recent notable new accounts include the U.S. and Canadian divisions of Procter & Gamble and NASDAQ. Now while these Q3 results are quite good, we still have a ton of work to do to address our opportunities and to continue to grow our business over the long term. And although I can't really do a justice in a short call, I'd like to cover a few key focus areas. The quality of our product and the value for the consumer is of utmost importance to maximizing our conversion rates. Recently, we spent a significant amount of time and effort advancing our platform migration and other back end work that will help us ensure that we've got the right foundation to innovate quickly and deliver real, new valuable products and services to our customers. I'll list just a couple of examples amongst many. Our new opaque product in the retail path on Expedia.com. The inventory comes from Hotwire and is a great example of cross-company collaboration and the integration between two of the world's great travel brands. We launched over the summer in the U.S. and just this week, we began to roll it out on Expedia in certain international markets. We plan to continue to experiment with opaque products in international markets more broadly in the future, both on the Expedia point-of-sale as well as directly with the Hotwire brand. Loyalty programs. We've spoken before about the success of the Hotels.com loyalty program WelcomeRewards, and we've now begun rolling it out internationally. In the third quarter, we announced that the Expedia brand is also building out a new loyalty program, which will begin to roll out domestically in January. These are robust programs which we think will differentiate our product offering over the long term. At the same time, our pace of testing, learning and optimizing our product set to consumers has and will continue to accelerate, from improved mapping to automated sort order, improved site speed, mobile sites and applications and many, many more. We're also highly focused on our international opportunities. We've talked a lot about Europe in the past, but today I'd like to focus on the Asia-Pacific region. The market opportunity there is vast, and in many countries, largely untapped. Today, the annual travel market in the APAC region is over 200 billion, of which only around 20% is online. Our total annual gross bookings in the region are just north of $1 billion, representing roughly half a point of share of the total travel market compared to nearly 7% in the U.S. So we're planning to increase our investment level to be sure we're appropriately positioned to grow our share over time. Much of this investment will come in the way of stronger localized product, deeper hotel supply and increased marketing along with new points-of-sale. Expedia, Hotels.com, eLong, TripAdvisor and Egencia are all pushing hard in APAC. And while these efforts will hurt short-term profitability in the region, we expect them to pay off over the long term. Now let me touch a bit more on TripAdvisor. The business continues to grow quite fast and is nearing $500 million annual run rate in gross revenue. Domestically, we recently launched a new cycle, SniqueAway, which is the first private sale meets crowd sourcing site. All the hotels have earned a minimum of four star rating and four out of five review ratings on TripAdvisor. While it's too early to comment on the numbers, we're pleased with the launch and have seen quite a positive customer reaction. And outside the U.S., Trip's international third-party revenue is now roughly 40% of the business and grew over 100% year-over-year in each of the last four quarters. We've recently launched four new international sites in Korea, Thailand, Singapore and just this week, in Russia. We're now in 24 countries, 17 languages. And lastly, on capital allocation, we continue to have confidence in our ability to grow the business while also returning cash to our shareholders. So far in 2010, we've returned over $440 million to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividends, and it's our expectation that we'll continue to return cash to shareholders over the next few years. Now over to Mike.
Michael Adler: Thanks, Dara. Just a few additional details about the quarter, and then I'll cover some thoughts about our expectations for the balance of the year. Total revenue grew 16% in Q3, a nice broad-based acceleration from the 8% growth we saw last quarter. In fact, we saw faster growth rates in every major product line, including air, hotel, car, cruise and advertising and media. Revenue margins were nearly flat year-on-year as we've now lapped almost all of the booking fee cuts and reductions that we took last year. In air, the momentum continued, with ticket volume growth of 10% as year-over-year fare increases moderated. Domestic tickets grew nicely, and we're just a couple percentage points below the worldwide growth rate, while international ticket growth continue to outpace domestic. And revenue per ticket grew 4%, all of which led to 14% revenue growth for air, our best quarterly performance for air since the first quarter of 2008. In hotel, healthy room night growth of 14% was accompanied by a flat year-over-year revenue per room night on slightly rising ADRs. As we expected, the gap between ADR growth and revenue per room night growth narrowed considerably. Both domestic and international room right growth accelerated relative to second quarter growth rates. Room night growth in APAC continues to be strong. Hotels.com, for example, saw room night growth in excess of 100% for four of its APAC points-of-sale, with another four growing at least 50%. On the expense side, as expected, we saw leverage in cost of goods sold and in G&A with some deleverage in tech new content in sales and marketing. We'll likely see these general trends continue in the next several quarters as we continue to benefit from operational efficiencies, while also making the investments that Dara mentioned to further expand internationally and to improve our products and services. Sales and marketing included roughly $4 million associated with moving our global lodging supply headquarters to Geneva. For the full quarter, we expect the Geneva expenses to be almost $20 million in 2010, with a recurring annual incremental run rate of about $14 million. And briefly, on occupancy taxes, we recorded an expense of $6 million in the second quarter this year with another $1 million in Q3. Each quarter we evaluate reserve and the balance could fluctuate over time, resulting in additional expense. In addition, in 2011, we expect to pay an incremental $10 million in New York sales tax due to recent legislation. You'll also notice that our effective tax rate this quarter was below 26%. This especially low rate was driven by completion of some IRS audits and the resulting decrease of our liability for uncertain tax positions. We estimate that this resulted in favorability of about $0.06 in earnings per share for the quarter. Looking forward, we expect the effective tax rate to be roughly 34% for the fourth quarter and around 31% for full year 2011. Bolstered by the lower effective tax rate and the impact from share repurchases, adjusted EPS grew 38% for the quarter. As far as our financial expectations are concerned, we're still expecting to deliver low double-digit OIBA growth for the full year 2010, with Q4 revenue and OIBA growth rates similar to those we saw in Q3. Regarding 2011, we are in the midst of our annual planning process and we plan to update you on our thinking for 2011 on the Q4 earnings call. With that, let's turn to questions. Operator, would you please remind listeners how to ask a question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth with Barclays Capital.
Douglas Anmuth - Barclays Capital: I just wanted to ask about international bookings and in particular, obviously a tougher comp versus the last quarter. But looks like you did see some deceleration there. Can you talk about what you're seeing in Europe in particular and how you think you're doing in terms of share and in particular, on the agency hotel program with Easy Manage?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I'd say in Europe, we're doing well. I think that we can do better. In general, the gross bookings number on a year-on-year basis in Europe came down a bit as we were rolling over the fee cuts that we put through last year. Revenue on an international basis x FX improved on it on kind of a quarter-to-quarter basis mostly because of revenue per room nights getting much better than they did last quarter. So I'd say on an international basis, in general, we're satisfied with our progress. In Europe, we're satisfied with our progress. Hotels.com on balance, I think, in Europe is doing better. I think Expedia's performance is okay, and it's something that we expect to get better on a go-forward basis. The Easy Manage properties, we've got around 8,000 of them. We've added around 8,000 of them year-to-date. The concentration of those properties is in secondary and tertiary markets. And in some of those markets, we are seeing ranges of 10% to 20% of our bookings being Easy Manage properties. And we think over time, as we establish those Easy Manage properties, as we move them up in the sort order and the new hotels that we're adding mature in our inventory set, we would expect that the percentage of bookings that come through Easy Manage as a percentage of our total bookings especially in secondary and tertiary markets should get higher than the levels that they are now, which is kind of a 10% to 20% level. So we think that we'll see improvement there, and we're happy with the progress. But we think we can do better.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Imran Khan with JPMorgan.
Imran Khan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Two questions. One, I think you talked about 21% increase in selling and marketing driven by -- one of the big reason is keyword pricing. Could you give us some sense about what kind of conversion and return on investment you were seeing from those increased spending? And secondly, Dara, I think you talked about 43% of the bookings are merchant. Can you give us some sense like what percent of your hotel booking is merchant versus agency and how that trend is trending?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as on the keyword pricing, et cetera, I'll answer that, and then Mike can talk about merchant. The 21% increase in sales and marketing wasn't necessarily all keyword pricing. But it does reflect an increase in aggression on our part in the CPC space and search engine marketing in general. Both and are being very aggressive than some of the new territories that we're going into, new markets in Europe, Asia-Pacific, where we go in with more aggressive efficiencies, so to speak. So that's not necessarily keyword pricing going up. That's just our getting into new markets, which tend to be less efficient from a marketing perspective than, call it, our more mature markets where we have more repeat users, et cetera. So I think while there is some keyword pricing in there, while we are, on balance, being more aggressive in certain markets and we do anticipate being more aggressive in the European, Asia-Pacific markets, it's a combination of our getting into new markets and our being more aggressive on the keyword pricing front. As far as ROI goes, as we get into these new markets, as we increase our spend, our ROI is lower than, call it, the mainline spend that we have in place now. So my expectation will be that for a couple of quarters as we spend up, our CPC ROI will go down, and then what we do is we spend time optimizing the ROI there, understanding which keywords work, understanding which keywords don't, optimizing our landing pages, the presentation to the customer, which usually gets us some efficiency back. But right now, we're in a mode of spending up. You see it in our sales and marketing numbers but also, again, it's something that we manage and you see it in our revenue numbers and gross bookings numbers, which are quite healthy.
Michael Adler: On the merchant bookings question, so the vast majority of our Hotel business remains merchant. That 10% to 15% is agency. As between Expedia and Hotels.com, Hotels.com does have a higher agency penetration. And the agency hotel business is growing, and we are working, as Dara indicated earlier, to really deliver more demand to the growing number of EDM [ph] hotels that we have. I think we're up to 20,000, 24,000 in Europe at this time.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ingrid Chung with Goldman Sachs.
James Mitchell - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: It's James Mitchell calling on behalf of Ingrid Chung. Could you talk a little bit about what drove the improvement in U.S. hotel room night growth? And in particular, to what extent is the direct function of the incremental sales and marketing spending in the quarter versus any other trends?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think it was a combination. First of all, the room night growth was fairly broad, and it was a combination of a bit more aggressive sales and marketing. I would say more conversion improvement, especially on the front of Hotels.com. Since we have integrated the platforms last year, the team has been working pretty hard on conversion improvement, site improvement et cetera, and we're seeing some nice results there. So that certainly helped the U.S. room night growth, and Expedia room night growth in the U.S. is very, very solid as well. So I'd say pretty broad strength and something that we're happy about and something that we hope continues.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Post with Bank of America.
Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch: Two things. You had OIBA growth, I think, 15% but 22% x currency, and presumably, currency is getting quite a bit better in the fourth quarter. So is your guidance for the kind of the higher number or the lower number? And then the second question is just on TripAdvisor. Can you help us and just remind us what that third-party growth that grew 59% and whether that's attractive growth and that's what you're really trying to drive?
Michael Adler: So on FX, we were absolutely hurt on a year-on-year basis as foreign currencies were weaker on a year-on-year basis. As Q3 progressed and now into Q4, we've seen a strengthening of FX rates, but they still are below where they were last year. So we will have another headwind in Q4 as well. So when we are looking at our figures, we're basically using current rates and projecting them through the rest of the quarter.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And I think our TripAdvisor and the third-party revenue, we're pretty neutral as to whether the revenue is third party or intercompany. I would say if you look at TripAdvisor's patterns, really, TripAdvisor and Expedia-Hotel point-of-sale support each other in that as TripAdvisor gets into a new country, it has automatically launch partners with Expedia and Hotels.com, Hotwire to the extent. Well, Hotwire not internationally. But automatically, it has Expedia and Hotels.com as launch partners, which helps TripAdvisor monetize immediately and then allow TripAdvisor to spend marketing money to grow that point-of-sale, so to speak. With time, then TripAdvisor goes out and acquires domestic players to play in the TripAdvisor marketplace and to increase the marketplace. So the average number of OTAs that TripAdvisor works with typically increases as we establish a new TripAdvisor point-of-sale. So that's where you're seeing the third-party revenue growth very quickly. It's growing internationally very quickly. We're accelerating the pace of new TripAdvisor sites on an international basis, and those revenues are growing at triple-digit growth rates along with collect [ph] and a lot of that is third-party revenue after kind of anchor clients come in, which is Expedia and Hotels.com. So I think Trip runs a fair game, and they take all takers. And as long as quick growth grows as fast as it is, it is and will continue to be a perfect business for us.
Michael Adler: I'd note that Trip also is growing its CPM advertising and that is almost exclusively third parties as well.
Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch: So just to confirm, the OIBA guidance is for 15% or roughly in the fourth quarter?
Michael Adler: Yes, revenue OIBA similar to Q3, yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Crissey with UBS.
Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank: When I'm thinking about the airlines, you're seeing them start, at least the U.S. airlines anyway, are focusing their growth on international markets, which makes sense. And they're kind of keeping their domestic capacity flat. When you look at your business, as far as the U.S. point-of-sale airline business, do you capture a decent chunk of the international sales relative to the domestic? Or is that a bad trade-off for you to have the airlines growing international at expense of domestic?
Dara Khosrowshahi: No, it's actually pretty balanced. We have seen with the economy struggling a reduction in U.S. to international flights and also, along with that, bookings, kind of room night bookings, from consumers in the U.S. going internationally. And part of that was because tickets going out to Europe, going out to Asia, ticket prices were very, very expensive on a year-on-year basis. The year-on-year comps seem to be easing in general because I think prices started getting a little stronger last year. So as international becomes more affordable, so to speak, we're seeing actually U.S. to international volumes improve both on the air side and the hotel side. So I'd say in general, adding capacity from airlines for us is a good thing. We're happy to see capacity coming into the system. It eases ATPs. And with easier ATP comps, so to speak, our business tends to pick up. I would say, if anything, our business tends to be a bit more internationally focused than domestically focused as far as U.S. consumers go. So international capacity is definitely a positive for us.
Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank: And the airlines are commenting that they're seeing nice strong holiday bookings, Thanksgiving, Christmas. Can you confirm that you're seeing that as well?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I don't want to speak specifically to what we're seeing, but generally, what we see is pretty similar to the industry. It's good to see the industry healthy. It's good to see some capacity coming in, and it seems like the capacity is coming in, in a disciplined manner along with demand. And we think that's a good balance.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney with Citi.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Inc: So I guess I'll follow up on that last question just about the overall demand environment. Dara, you've been pretty forthright in your comment two years ago. I think you referred to the dog's breakfast. Is it the opposite of that now, whatever that is?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I wouldn't say that it's a cat's meow yet, but it's gone a lot better. I think that in general, demand has stabilized. In general, I would say we feel better, and I'd say the travel industry feels better than what we see in the overall economic numbers. We are seeing corporate travel coming back pretty nicely, both for us on a same-store basis and as far as signing up new clients. And we are seeing some tightness in occupancy and ADR strength in some of the metropolitan markets where you see a lot of business travel, in the New Yorks of the world, in Hong Kong, in Singapore, in London, et cetera. So I would say all of the signs that we see are pointing upward. Now I'll note that they are against very easy comps. And I think the comps are going to get harder as the year goes on. So I wouldn't declare all systems go yet, but I think the trends are good. And I think to the extent that we have a balanced business, a good, strong domestic business, a strong international business, a strong leisure business, a corporate business that's growing very, very quickly and on top of that, a terrific, terrific media business, I think we'll benefit from all those listings, so to speak.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Inc: And then can I ask about the SniqueAway opportunity? There's clearly been a kind of market proof of concept of group sales, flash sales, but there's an open question as whether that gets all verticalized, you should have a highly qualified customer base. How big do you think that opportunity is, and can you just walk through some of the simple economics of how you make money on SniqueAway?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Mark, I'd be happy to go through the opportunity as the business matures a little bit. I think in general, if you look at major platforms that have been introduced in the e-commerce space and in travel in general, the core of the introduction of a significant platform has been the opportunity for people to save money. Originally, when we came onto the scene, Hotels.com was on the scene, we were offering merchant rates below rack rates. Then the Internet became the rack rate, so to speak. So opaque models got introduced. Priceline, the Hotwires of the world, the dynamic package business, which allow you to save money. Those were kind of, call it, a second leg of growth for the business. And I think that these flash sales, what you see going on now, these new retail concepts could be a third leg because again, they offer consumers a chance to save significant amounts. SniqueAway is kind of a toe in the water for us. It's being introduced with the Smarter Travel team inside of TripAdvisor, which is a terrific team. And we've introduced it to a small percentage of our email database, which is frankly huge database, really with inventory focused on the East Coast now. And then over the next months, we're going to expand the inventory to the south, to the west, et cetera and build the concept. Early results are very good. We're getting fan mail from our hotel partners, and consumers love it as well. So I'd say the early results are very good, but this is a long journey. It's a very new concept, and we're not ready to declare whether it's long-term, how large it's going to be or exactly what the opportunity is going to be.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Millman with Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: A couple of questions. One is you, apparently with a few others, are joining to battle the ITA approval -- FTC approval, and maybe you can talk to that in light of previous comments when they didn't see it necessarily as a big problem. Secondly, at the Choice today, Hotels, one of your favorites I guess, was talking about how it's pushing its loyalty programs because they're much more profitable, for example, than OTAs. I was wondering if you're seeing the hotel industry being better equipped to do that than they have in the past. And then could you talk about car revenues? Are fleets still tight, or is it much more that some of the companies are getting smarter at least from their standpoint in making cars available for the opaque market?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Michael. I'll try to take of each of them. As far as ITA Google goes, we've been pretty consistent in our view that, first of all, Google was a great partner of ours and we're going to be working more closely together with them on a CPC basis certainly than we ever have. So we certainly don't object to Google as a partner as they are now. We do think that it's just a bad idea to put together the dominant kind of search engine on a worldwide basis with a dominant airline search technology. We just think it squeezes out competition or has the potential of squeezing out competition in the marketplace. It's bad for advertisers. And ultimately, we think that it could be very bad for consumers. So we're a member of this coalition. We think that the coalition will certainly make its case. And we think that the case is, hopefully, will be well received by the government. In the meantime, we're going to work with Google. We're a big spender there, and on a ground level, on a tactical basis, we have a good relationship with them. We just think that this transaction is a bad idea. As far as Choice goes and loyalty programs there, we have a very good relationship with Choice. The CEO there came from Marriott, and Marriott has one of the best loyalty programs there. So it's not a surprise that they are pushing loyalty. I think it makes sense to them. I think any player out there knows that repeat customers are the most profitable customers out there. And I think to try to build out a repeat base is good business, whether you're an airline, whether you're a hotel or whether you're an OTA. And we, along with Choice, see the wisdom of this. And we've made fairly significant investments and we think differentiated investments in the OTA field, both with Hotels.com, WelcomeRewards, which is quite differentiated from what anyone else has and the new Expedia royalty program coming in next year, which I think will be quite differentiated from any other OTA out there. So we believe in loyalty, and we think that there are customers who are going to be Expedia loyal customers and Hotels loyal customers, and they are fundamentally and typically different from, call it, a Choice brand loyal customers. So I don't think that one addition to us is a subtraction to any of the brands out there like Choice. They tend to be more, call it, business customers, et cetera, where we tend to be more leisure-specific.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Well, I didn't really mean it to focus on Choice, but to focus generally and broadly if you're seeing -- and you kind of answered it -- seeing any impact from hotel companies attempting to move away from OTAs in terms of the economics.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I think the volumes speak for themselves, right? Our volumes are healthy both on a domestic and international basis. And I think that the big brands out there are doing what's smart, which is they have a diversified base. They advertise to bring direct players out there. They've got loyalty programs. They work with OTAs. They work with Google, and all of that helps them build out an occupancy base, which hopefully will allow them to build up ADRs. So I don't think that one, again, is exclusive over the other. I think a smart player builds a multichannel strategy and builds strength in every single channel that they have. If they're stronger with us, they will be able to build out their occupancy base inside their hotel and that will be able to drive premium ADRs in the industry, which is how you win. Again, we haven't seen any kind of negative trends, and our relationship with the brands are, frankly, terrific. As far as the Car business goes, we did see some increase in fleets kind of over the summer. The fleets have tightened up again. And I would say that, yes, the car companies in general, like the airline companies, are more disciplined on a capacity basis. Our Car business is growing nicely, and we want it to grow more. We're looking at opportunities to grow that business. But I would say in general, the Car business for us remains healthy. And in an ideal world, we'd like to see a bit more capacity, but we are seeing to date some capacity restraint, which reflects a bit more discipline on our car vendors than at least we saw two, three years ago.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Herman Leung with Deutsche Bank Securities.
Herman Leung - Deutsche Bank AG: First, ADR trends looks like it's in a pretty good position right now, increasing 4% year-over-year right now. It looks like it's stabilizing there. Can you give us a bit of a breakout in terms of how it trended in domestic versus international markets? And second question is, you guys raised some money on the debt and you guys used it for some buybacks. And there's been some speculation about some potential expansion into Europe through acquisitions. Curious on what your thoughts there are from an acquisition standpoint.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Herman. As far as ADRs go, I'd say on balance, domestic ADRs are a bit stronger than international ADRs. I'm not sure what effect FX had on that, whether that was a positive or not. So domestic ADRs in U.S. dollars this quarter were stronger than international ADRs in U.S. dollars. And I would expect, again, we've talked about in the past, which is we think we're a bit of a leading indicator as far as ADRs go. We're not sure, we're not counting on ADR strengthening further in Q4, but we certainly don't think they're going to get weaker. If anything, they might get a little bit stronger. Mike, you want to talk about capitalization?
Michael Adler: Sure. So on the use of proceeds from the bond offering over the summer and the use of proceeds we stated at the time is general corporate purposes, stock buybacks, M&A. You saw some of the stock buyback activity in the quarter. On M&A, I think you'll continue to see a little bit of more of the same. We'll be looking to continue to make acquisitions in the media side of the business. We'll continue to look for international, say tuck-in acquisitions on the transaction side of the business. So if there's a particular market or markets where we think we can grow better or expand more quickly, we could make an acquisition in that market as well. And also, just given the strong performance of the Egencia business and the huge opportunity that we see there, yes, we're also looking at tuck-in acquisitions for Egencia as well.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And I think in general, Herman, whenever we look at acquisitions, cash acquisitions, we compare the long-term return of those acquisitions to the long-term return of buyback on stock. And just to remind you, since our spin-out, we've bought back around 91 million shares for around $2 billion in cash. And if you look at our capital allocation this year, this year we've been buying back more in stock and returning more capital to shareholders versus acquisition. So far this year, we found that a better use of our capital and the opportunity had certainly been there. We think over time as that cash flow generation of the business is good enough and our balance sheet is certainly good enough with additional cash that we have raised, that we'll be able to do both, with the balance of smart acquisitions and we'll continue to return cash to our shareholders over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross Sandler with RBC Capital Markets.
Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: First, on TripAdvisor. The margin there compressed a little bit for the first time in a while. Can you talk about what investments you're making and what's driving that? And then second is more of a hypothetical question around ITA. But according to Hitwise, you guys get around 25% of your traffic from the search engine, the majority of which comes from Google. So if we were to hypothetically assume that the Google ITA deal goes through and that worst case scenario, a couple of years down the road, you lose a meaningful chunk of that organic traffic, how would your marketing mix or your kind of go-to-market strategy change under those hypothetical circumstances?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Mike, you want to talk about Trip?
Michael Adler: Sure. So on TripAdvisor, the OIBA margin was 53% for the quarter. So we think absolutely fantastic performance for the business, and the core business continues to grow and be as efficient as ever. We are continuing to make acquisitions to try and fuel growth down the road as well. So the investments are fairly wide-ranging. There are a number of international points-of-sale that we've launched this year. Those tend to operate at a loss to breakeven in the first year or so. We have the investment in SniqueAway that Dara discussed earlier. We are also continuing to invest in the vacation rental space, where we think we have a pretty good opportunity to become pretty large in that space by leveraging the TripAdvisor brand, and we recently made an acquisition in that area to expand internationally. And then China, we've talked about our efforts with TripAdvisor in China fairly significantly, and we acquired a company called Kuxun, which is an air metasearch player. And then we also have a TripAdvisor-like product in China called Daodao. So for us, when we step back and we look at the amount of investments that we're making in this very high margin business and we see it grow as rapidly as it is and still deliver 53% OIBA margin for the quarter, we're pretty pleased with the balance that we've been able to strike between printing earnings as well as making sure that we are building a business for the future.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And Ross, on your ITA question, it's difficult to answer a hypothetical, but a couple of notes there. First of all, the majority of, at least Expedia's, and I believe Hotel.com's traffic that comes from search to our site actually come through people searching for Expedia, for example. So in typing in Expedia in Google or so on, typing in Hotels.com in Google. So of the 25% for Expedia, for example, the majority of that traffic is someone who's already looking for Expedia, and that person is going to find Expedia one way or the other because they are searching for something very specific. Of the searches that aren't Expedia searches, so to speak, there are other searches that we compete for and other players compete for. That traffic tends to be significantly less profitable than the direct traffic, the TripAdvisor traffic, the email traffic, et cetera, that we get. So hypothetical, that minority of traffic might come down. But certainly, it would not affect our profits in the same way because that traffic tends to be much, much less profitable traffic. That is one of our most expensive channels, so to speak. And we do continue to make investments in loyalty channels and loyalty programs, et cetera, to keep consumers coming on a direct basis and build up loyalty and build up reasons for them to come back directly to us, which is the most efficient customer acquisition tool for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sandeep Aggarwal with Caris & Company.
Sandeep Aggarwal - Caris & Company: Actually I have a couple of questions on the Asian market. What kind of investments do you need to make in Asia to fuel your growth further? How long will you be in investment mode there? And can you give us some sense of where you are in terms of current penetration in that market and where you can be in two, three years?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think as far as APAC goes, the investments that we make is pretty broad. One is just an investment in opening up new points-of-sale. There's technology investment that we have to make. There's a fairly significant localization investment that we have to make as far as taking all of the content that we have, the hotel content, et cetera, and making sure that it's localized so that local customers can find the information in their own languages. There's also investments that we have to make in payments. Payments in each market differ sometimes significantly. For example, India is a big market at the Internet Bank Pay, which is a payment system that we are launching, et cetera. So as you go local, you have to make sure that you'll allow people to pay in their local market currency, so to speak. Initially, when we launch, we typically launch with variable marketing, Google, other variable marketing channels that are available in a local market. And we tend to lose money as we enter that market for the first couple of years. After we establish a presence there, we will sometimes go on with brand marketing, and I think that's the stage that you're seeing some of our points-of-sale in Asia. In Australia, we are investing in brand marketing. In Japan, some of the other points-of-sale. We are establishing a brand which increases traffic to the sites and also tends to increase our conversion number on those sites as well. That kind of brand marketing doesn't bring with it immediate returns and you have to go negative for a while before it turns positive. And I would say that that's where we are in a number of our Asian markets as far as starting the brand marketing spend and then in other markets as far as expanding the reach of our sites. The good news is that Asia, in general, for us is generally a breakeven to positive on the transactional side. With TripAdvisor, we are investing pretty aggressively in China. And then eLong, also in China, has really turned around and has accelerated its growth. So we're well established. We know the game plan there, and we're pretty confident that the investments that we're going to make in Asia are going to bring with them some pretty significant returns over the kind of two to five-year time frame. How big is it going to get is anyone's question. I think if you look at Asia five to 10 years from now, it's going to be as large as, if not larger, than the European, U.S. markets and we want to have the kind of penetrations that we have in the U.S. in Asia, and that's going to take some focus. So we're very much committed to that market.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Scott Kessler with Standard & Poors Equity.
Scott Kessler - S&P Equity Research: Two questions if I may. The first is, obviously, it's a small part of the overall revenue mix, let me say. But Egencia with essentially flat compares on a sequential basis, could you just provide an update on what's going on there? And my second question relates to the M&A that's been occurring in Europe on the OTA front, and obviously, there's been considerable speculations. Can you talk about whether or not you think you would potentially have an interest in participating? And do what you think of the path [ph] you'll make in that regard?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Scott. Mike, do you want to talk about Egencia?
Michael Adler: Yes. So on Egencia, we continue to be pretty pleased with its growth, and it really is kind of across-the-board, different segments in the market, geographically dispersed as well. We are seeing much faster growth rates than we think the industry is experiencing. We grew 40-plus percent gross bookings, and AMEX, I believe, grew about 20%. And so we feel like we are taking share. The comp does start to get a little bit more difficult based upon when corporate travel started to return a bit. For us though, I think what's most positive is that we're seeing the increase in same client spending as well as a lot of the new business that we signed during the recession and then continuing on with new business today. So I think our value proposition continues to resonate very well.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And Scott, on the flat compares, are you talking about revenue Q3 versus Q2?
Scott Kessler - S&P Equity Research: Right. So I mean, obviously, if you look at revenue, it's actually incrementally down on a sequential basis, and gross bookings were up very modestly. So that's...
Michael Adler: Yes, I'm sorry. But some of that is just the seasonality of the business and particularly in Europe. We see much less travel during the summer, and Egencia did see a fairly high increases in average ticket prices. So that's what's driving the gross bookings up.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, as Egencia gets more mature and actually makes money, which is a nice thing, Q3 will tend to be our weakest quarter from a revenue standpoint and from a profitability standpoint. So you'll start to see that kind of seasonality as the business gets bigger, and that's what you saw this quarter. But we're happy with how we're doing and clients sign-ups are great, and the team is executing nicely and we want to add to that business. As far as the M&A in Europe and the speculation regarding some of the OTA deals out there, listen, we have a lot of cash. We're going to look at all the transactions out there, and we'll decide whether we want to go forward or not. I would tell you, we're very happy with our footprint and anything that we do is going to be measured against buying back our own stock and the fact that we can grow the business through incremental investment in businesses that are already established and management teams that we have confidence in. That doesn't mean that we won't take an opportunity when we see it. We absolutely believe in scale. We've done, I think, quite well as far as return on capital on many of our M&A activities. So we're quite confident in our ability to execute there. But I think I won't comment on specifics. We're looking at deals, and we'll pull the trigger if we think a deal is going to be accretive to us over the long term. And Europe, Asia, Latin America, all of these markets are quite interesting to us.
Scott Kessler - S&P Equity Research: And if I could just follow up really quickly. Can you give us a sense of what kind of, I don't know, criteria or touchstones you have for those types of acquisitions? You want them to be accretive, you said, over the long term. Does that mean the first full calendar year that the company has integrated? Are you looking for expansion of geographic footprint? I mean, give us a sense of how you think about these really quickly.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I'd say that there are a couple of factors that we look at. One is to the extent that it allows us to get into the geography that we think will be very difficult for us to get into, and it's also the significant opportunity that's a big positive. So eLong, for example, in China, we didn't think we could get a position in China as strong as eLong through organic growth. And while eLong had a tough time in its first couple of years, it's really turned around behind the new management team. And I'd say we're very happy that we have a position there. So one is large geographies that we don't think we can get proper scale then through typical organic growth, that's one. The second is if there's a new piece of technology or a new product that we think is an attractive product. Example there is Venere in the agency hotel market that we wanted to penetrate in Europe. It got us in there much more quickly. We're expanding that product in Europe as well as certain other areas of the world. And then the third or just kind of our big growth areas, we love media businesses that we can add to the TripAdvisor team. We would love to add some scale to Egencia because we think that's a big and growing opportunity. So those are also opportunities that we'll certainly keep an eye on. Mike, did you want to make a correction on something that you said or...
Michael Adler: I just want to make sure that on the Geneva expenses that I referred to, the $20 million is a full year number.
Dara Khosrowshahi: All right. Well, thank you, operator, for helping us out, and thanks, everyone, for joining the call. We're looking forward to our Q4 call and letting you know how we're doing on the business. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes Expedia Inc.'s Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-30 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Alan Pickerill - Director, Investor Relations Michael Adler - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Dara Khosrowshahi - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Preferred Stock Subcommittee and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Sandeep Aggarwal - Caris & Company Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets Corporation Aaron Kessler - ThinkEquity LLC Douglas Anmuth - Barclays Capital Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch Herman Leung - Deutsche Bank AG Scott Kessler - S&P Equity Research Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Welcome to the Expedia, Inc. Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And I would now like turn the conference over to Alan Pickerill. Please go ahead, sir.
Alan Pickerill: Good afternoon, and welcome to Expedia, Inc.'s Financial Results Conference Call for the Second Quarter Ended June 30, 2010. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, Expedia's Chief Executive Officer and President; and Michael Adler, our Chief Financial Officer. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, July 29, 2010, only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate or similar statements. Please refer to today's press release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Youll find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release, which is posted on the company's IR website at expediainc.com/ir. I encourage you to periodically visit our IR site for important content, including today's earnings release and our updated investor presentation. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense, and technology and content expense, excludes stock-based compensation. And all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2009. And with that, let me turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Alan, and thanks to everyone for making time to join us this afternoon. We delivered a solid quarter here in Q2, especially given some of the headwinds that we faced. Obviously, the volcano and foreign exchange trends worked against us, as did sharply rising airfares. Although it's difficult to measure the precise impact economic uncertainty, air carrier strikes and the oil spill in the Gulf certainly didn't help the travel business. Given this backdrop, we're satisfied with our transaction growth of 10%, operating income before amortization growth of 3% and adjusted earnings per share growth of 16%. And briefly on the trends for the quarter. On a transactional side, room night growth in the Americas and Europe slowed as expected as we lapped fee cuts from last year and as our European point of sales faced foreign exchange-, volcano- and economic-related headwinds. We estimate that the cancellations related to the volcano cost us roughly 200 basis points of worldwide room night growth. We also saw significant slowdown in growth rates for transatlantic travel in the quarter. We suspect primarily caused by foreign exchange fluctuations and higher airfares, which also contributed to the overall de-acceleration for the quarter. And remember that room night comps were simply more difficult in Q2, because we saw a real acceleration in last year's second quarter. Compared to 2008, room night growth in Q2 was 41% compared to 33% in Q1. Room night growth in Asia-Pacific and Latin America markets was very strong and accelerated from Q1, a good trend in markets with enormous potential for us. As far as the shape of the quarter goes, the year-over-year room night growth was weakest in April due in part to the volcano, with momentum building through June. July trends are solid and while very early, it does give us some confidence relative to the balance of the year expectations. Our TripAdvisor Media Group continues its incredibly strong performance with a revenue and operating income before amortization growth accelerating from Q1, growing year-over-year at 39% and 40% respectively. Fueled by strong growth in traffic and clicks, both on a domestic and international basis. We were able to grow profits at a robust pace while investing aggressively in new geographies, as well as new products, such as Business Listings, with now over 15,000 properties, [indiscernible] down Kuxon in China, air meta search in the U.S. and U.K. and our vacation rentals product now augmented by our acquisition of Holiday Lettings in the U.K. Finally, we're very excited about TripAdvisor's integration with Facebook through the launch of Trip friends which brings together our over 35 million TripAdvisor reviews and opinions with our Cities Ive Visited in applications on Facebook with over 19 million users. We brought the wisdom of the masses to your travel planning and now we want to bring them with some of your friends to your desktop. We have a unique asset and a great team at TripAdvisor and are quite optimistic about what the next few years will bring.  And lastly, on capital allocation. We continue to have confidence in our ability to grow the business while also returning cash to our shareholders. So far in 2010, we've returned almost $230 million to our shareholders through our share repurchases and dividends and it's our expedition that well continue to do so over the next few years. And as we've said before, we'd be comfortable with gross debt at 2x to 3x EBITDA, consistent with an investment-grade rating and will consider raising additional debt if the terms and conditions are right. Now to Mike.
Michael Adler: Thanks, Dara. Just a few additional details about the quarter, and then I'll cover some thoughts about our expectations for the balance of the year. In the hotel business, revenue per room night was down 7% while ADRs were up less than 1% for the quarter. Revenue per room night for our Domestic business grew 1% year-over-year while international was down 17%. Two primary drivers that put pressure on international revenue per room night were the FX impact of book to stay, which we substantially offset with hedging gains and customer refunds related to the volcano. If you exclude the impact from these items, as well as the impact from reduced service fees on hotel, the change in our overall revenue per room night would have looked much more like the year-on-year change in ADRs, and we expect the gap between the two to narrow in the back half of the year, with the obvious caveat that we can't predict the future impact of foreign currency fluctuations. In air, we grew revenue at a healthy 13% clip, our best rate of growth in two years, and the second quarter in a row where we've increased air revenue. Despite lapping fee cuts from last year and the steep increase in airfares, we grew ticket volume by 6%, with revenue per ticket up 7% in part due to variable fees on higher ticket prices. Ticket growth did decelerate a bit as we move through the quarter but looks a bit better here in July. The steep increase in air ticket prices and full airplanes has definitely put a damper in our packages business, which was essentially flat year-over-year on both a transaction and a revenue basis. Our OIBA performance in the quarter was driven in part by strong cost control. Selling and marketing expense grew just a bit faster than revenue and includes roughly $5 million related to the opening of our new global lodging supply headquarters in Geneva. Direct selling and marketing, the largest piece of our expense, actually grew slower than revenue as we pulled back spend in light of the environment in Europe. In total, we estimate that the volcano cost us roughly $12 million in OIBA this quarter. Excluding that hit, as well as the Geneva expenses and a $6 million increase in the reserve for potential settlement of occupancy tax matters, our OIBA would've grown in the low teens. Free cash flow was down year-over-year in the second quarter but is up 7% for the first half of the year. The benefit from working capital accounts can be a bit lumpy and depends in large part on the timing of when bookings come in versus when stays and payments occur. In businesses like our ad and media business in Egencia that consume working capital as they grow grew quite fast in the quarter. In addition, CapEx is going to be a fair bit higher this year than last as you can see from our first half spend, due in part to additional infrastructure required as the traffic and transaction volume increases on our sites. Adjusted net income and adjusted EPS grew at a healthy pace, driven in part by a more favorable tax rate of about 34%. All else held equal, our adjusted EPS should grow faster than OIBA as a result of a favorable tax rate trend through 2011. As far as our financial expectations are concerned, we are still expecting to deliver low double-digit OIBA growth for full year 2010, though it's fair to say that the exogenous factors working against us make it more difficult. And this of course assumes FX rates stay at current levels. Though the headwinds in the business that we've discussed today are causing Leisure results to trail a bit, these are offset by continued strength in TripAdvisor and Egencia. We've now lapped the lion's share of our fee actions which we'll help unit pricing trends going forward. And as Dara mentioned, we are pleased with trends were seeing so far in July. We will, of course, continue to monitor our spend levels and make appropriate adjustments depending on the environment.  With that, let's turn to questions. Operator, would you please remind listeners how to ask a question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Imran Khan with JP Morgan. [ id=s4 name=Analyst />  This is actually Bridget [ph] for Imran. Hes in Europe this week. Two quick questions. Sales and marketing, you said that it was slightly lower because of the situation in Europe. Do you expect to continue to decrease that spend in the second half of the year? And then also you mentioned that you recognized about $5 million of the expenses of opening the new place. Are you planning  I know the total was $20 million. Do you plan to recognize a little bit additional in 3Q? And then the second question relates to ADRs. The rate of increase was slower from 1Q to 2Q than it has been in previous quarters. Is this due to the exchange rate and can you just give us a color on the U.S. versus international?
Dara Khosrowshahi: On the sales and marketing question, I'll let Mike talk about the new Geneva offices that we've opened up. But in general, as far as sales and marketing spend goes, we're able to react pretty quickly to the business trends that we see. Obviously, in our variable marketing, online marketing and also to some extent even with our brand marketing as well, we try to have some flexibility into dollars that we commit versus dollars that we can pull back, depending on what we see in the environment. And in Q2, especially starting in April with the volcano, et cetera, we saw that there was a fair amount of weakness, and as a result, we under-allocated in marketing compared to what we expected, and in reaction to kind of the reality that we saw in Europe, which was Europe was a bit weaker than we had expected. So I think that the answer for Q3 is going to depend on the results that we see. And this is one of the advantages of our business model. We can move up our marketing or down based on results. We dont have to take huge risks with. Our goal would be to increase the rate of marketing spend in Q3 because that would tend to bring with it a higher revenue increase as well. And I'd say so far in July, we're pretty satisfied with the results that we've seen and kind of the marketing to revenue spend levels. Mike, can you talk about Geneva a bit?
Michael Adler: Yes. So as I noted, we incurred about $5 million of expense in the quarter. We still expect kind of the all-in expense to be at about $20 million. We did incur a couple of million dollars in Q1 and we will probably incur kind of like amounts or slightly higher, as compared to Q2 and Q3 and Q4. So again, it is a kind of a year-long process to make that transition.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And Bridget, what were you asking about ADR growth? Im not sure I got your question yet. [ id=s4 name=Analyst />  If you look at the rate of growth, it went from flat in 1Q to up 1% in 2Q, and that was a slower acceleration than we saw over the prior quarters. So I'm just wondering if it was  some of it Im sure is the exchange rate, but also were there any differences between the U.S. and international markets in ADRs?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. I'd say in general, the domestic market ADRs were stronger than the international market ADRs, the European market ADRs. Domestic was up low single digits. International was down low single digits. Foreign exchange did play a part of that. But Id say in general, when we looked at the domestic markets and domestic pricing, domestic pricing has been a bit stronger, and I think that's just reflected in the general economic environment. And part of it just has to do with comps when you look at the past quarters, et cetera. We think this year is going to be a bit more normalized than what you've seen in the past quarters.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney with Citi.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Inc: Could you just comment on what you think the implications of Google's potential acquisition of ITA is on the online travel industry? And then secondly, could you focus a little bit on the Egencia business? Its relatively small, but it is this kind of mid-, high-single digit percentage of your overall bookings trends. They look relatively positive. Is there something to you that indicates you've hit kind of a critical mass point that the growth rates that you've enjoyed for the last couple of quarters are sustainable?
Dara Khosrowshahi: On Google ITA, I think it's difficult to speculate. I think everyone knows that Google wields considerable market power, whether it's in the travel business, or many, many other industries. And so their actions can have very significant consequences in any industry, including ours. I think that one of the keys that we'll be looking for with Google is, if they start favoring their own content and their own results over the results of third parties, whether that's algorithmic, inside their system or are they hard coded, et cetera. And we think that to the extent that they do that, that will be a problem. The way weve seen them operating in general has been fair, but we think theyd be wise not to kind of favor their own internal products over external products and create an unfair playing field. And if they do, we think that the government will have something to say about that. So were great partners with them. In general, their management weve seen has done the right thing and it's working to build a great product, and in general, they work well with consumers. But the market power that they have is potentially significant. And that's something that we'll watch. Based on what we see right now and kind of the relationship that we have with them and our spend, et cetera, we think well be in good shape. But again, it's something for us to watch. I think on the Egencia part of the business, it really does look like we have hit a critical mass as far as the revenue of that business matching the fixed cost base and now are leveraging off of that. If you look at Egencia P&L, it's a little bit the opposite of the Expedia P&L. The Expedia P&L has very high variable cost, low fixed costs. The Egencia P&L tends to have higher fixed cost, which is as the sales force, account management, et cetera, and lower variable costs. Once you bring in a client, that client tends to stay with. You don't have to remarket to that client over and over. We spent five, six years investing in Egencia technology and innovation, building up account management and sales force, et cetera, and building largely organically to a point at which we are right now, and we're seeing a couple of things. One is the technology that we built, the product that we built; we think is best of breed. And more and more clients are coming on to the Egencia platform and we think thatll continue. We're expanding into new markets, international. We're very strong in the U.S. We're very strong in France. We're expanding into the U.K., Germany and some Asia-Pacific markets as well. So that adds to kind of the new client acquisition, although it does hurt profitability on a near-term basis. And then third, we're seeing a real bounce back on corporate spend. Companies are spending more in 2010. They're not back to 2008 levels and we haven't seen corporations pull back yet. Its not the go-go days but they are spending more aggressively and being more offensive. So we think it's a pretty favorable corporate environment and we're gaining share from our competitors, and we don't see that changing at least over the next couple of years. We're quite happy about our position and we think Egencia is going to be solid profit driver over the next three, five years for us.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Justin Post with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch: When you look at the Leisure business, OIBA down 6%, I know there's some external factors, but is that something that's going to have to grow double digits to get to your guidance for the year in the back half? And then secondly, in Europe, you had the volcano and the World Cup. Are you seeing kind of a delayed travel season and would you expect kind of a stronger September quarter, given what happened in the second quarter?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I would say if you look at the Leisure business and you take out the volcano cost and you take out the Geneva costs, et cetera, the Leisure business is largely flat on a year-on-year basis. And that's actually before you take foreign exchange, which went against us, into account. So it might be wishful thinking to say that these exogenous factors didn't affect us, because they did. But I do think that they're making the trends look a little bit more negative than they actually are. As far as the back half of the year goes, I don't want to comment on whether its double digit or not. But because of the strength of the media business, because of the strength of Egencia, because of the strength that we're seeing in Asia-Pacific, et cetera, we don't need a whole lot of heavy lifting from the Leisure business in order to hit our expectations, although we certainly need the result of the leisure business to improve. And to the extent that the exogenous factors that we saw the first half of the year don't hit us -- the World Cup, the volcano, et cetera -- and foreign exchange doesn't move significantly against the us, we're reasonably confident that we can hit the double-digit numbers, the low double-digit numbers that we talked about. Obviously, I said on balance, we were more comfortable with it at the beginning of the quarter than where we are now. But we think that the combination of the business, the diversification of the business, is really going to help here. That answer your question?
Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch: Yes. And then on Europe, are you seeing kind of a stronger July given what happened in the World Cup and what happened in the volcano?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. I'd say on balance in Europe and overall. We're pretty happy with how July is turning out, but it's just the month and things may change. But so far, so good.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ingrid Chung with Goldman Sachs.
Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: So just a follow up on Justin's question, I was wondering if you could talk about whether you're assuming transaction growth in the back half of the year, whether there is growth in the back half of the year in terms of your guidance. And you referred to solid room nights trends in July. Does that mean it's increasing year-over-year?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. Ingrid, I don't want to get too specific, but I'd say the trends in July, in general, are stronger than the trends in Q2. And so that does imply growth. And we certainly think decent growth and we see no reason why that would all of a sudden change in the back half of the year. Again, things may happen that are beyond our expectations, but we have good marketing plans. We think, in general, our product is going to get better from a competitive standpoint in the back half of the year. So again, unless were surprised, we think theres going to be growth and we're hopeful it will be solid growth. The revenue per room night trends are also going to improve the back half of the year, again, assuming that we're not taken by surprise. So as we build it up, we think it's a reasonable, bold picture.
Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: I was wondering now that you've lapped the fee cuts, can you tell us how conversion rates are trending sequentially and year-over-year?
Dara Khosrowshahi: The fee cuts, obviously, had a huge benefit to the conversion trends. And I'd say now that we've lapped the fee cuts, the conversion trends, in general, are trending flattish. There is some negative effect as a result of higher ticket prices. So for example, when we look at conversion on the package path, we did obviously experience very, very high air ticket prices in Q2, and that hurt conversion along the package path. So Id say flat and higher or lower ticket prices are going to move that up or down by bit.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Douglas Anmuth with Barclays Capital.
Douglas Anmuth - Barclays Capital: Mike, I was hoping you could talk about some of the per-unit economics, and particularly just drilling down a little bit more on the hotel revenue, the down 7% revenue per room night. I'm just trying to get a better sense here. You pointed to FX and volcano refunds and also lower hotel service fees. So how much of that impact is sustainable going forward? And then similarly on airfare, getting a 7%-revenue-per-ticket lift there, I'm just trying to understand why that was occurring. Obviously, you do have some merchant air business in Hotwire, but it's a little bit more than what I would've expected.
Michael Adler: Yes. With respect to the hotel revenue per room night down 7%, as I said in my remarks, the domestic revenue per room night was actually up 1%, and we think that, that is really kind of a good indication that our revenue per room nights and ADRs are going to start growing much more hand-in-hand as we go forward. And we now, again, have substantially lapped our service fee reductions and that was still just a bit of a headwind for us in the quarter. On the international side of the business, again, I can't predict FX and I cant predict volcanoes. But to a large degree, those were kind of special things that made our numbers much more negatively impacted this quarter than we would expect on a going-forward basis. As to air revenue, we expect average ticket prices to stay relatively flat to current levels. And the year-on-year change in the average ticket prices will start to moderate for us. Nonetheless, our revenue per ticket will continue to benefit from higher average ticket prices as there are some of our agreements that are based upon ticket price, a small minority of them. But I think we'll see less and less of an impact as we progress through the year. Obviously, there's always puts and takes that impacts air revenue quarter-over-quarter. I think on both the air front and the hotel front, the important thing to keep in mind is that we think our underlying supplier dynamics are stable. And we think our fees have largely landed where they make sense and will continue to be over a fairly long period of time. And so that's what we look at when we look at the per-unit economics.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And just to be clear, Mike, when you said airfare growth, on the balance of the year, we expect airfares to continue to increase as they did in Q2. But as a bit of a moderating pace because the comps essentially hit harder for airfares. Right?
Michael Adler: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Aaron Kessler with Think Equity.
Aaron Kessler - ThinkEquity LLC: Any visibility you can give us in to maybe the domestic room night growth versus international? Also any insights in the search engine marketing prices? Seems like you started to see a little bit of a rebound, which should help your TripAdvisor, but maybe itd hurt the Leisure marketing.
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as domestic room night growth and international room night growth, both of them slowed down to some extent because of the factors that we talked about earlier in the call, the volcano factors, economic factors and just more difficult comps. In general, I would say Europe on balance was weaker than we'd like it and hopefully well see it strengthen for the balance of the year, especially cross-border Europe. Europe coming to the U.S. was down significantly and we didn't see kind of let's say a huge offsetting pickup of the U.S. going to Europe. Usually when Europe to U.S. slows down, U.S. to Europe speeds up. But we think because of air ticket prices, that didn't happen. And then the Asia-Pacific, Latin America markets were very strong. So on-a-go forward basis, Id say the expectation is for Europe to strengthen, and we are seeing some indications of that, especially with the Hotels.com brand and some of the really good kind of conversion activity that's going on there. As far as search engine marketing goes, I would say CPCs have solidified. And as I mentioned previously, in the second quarter, we did pull back from marketing activities from a broad array of channels. That did include SEM, and I would expect in Q3 and Q4 for us to lean in a bit and try to increase our share of the SEM channel. It may require some increases in CPCs; it's hard to tell. But were trying to the extent that we can drive good conversion and solid conversion activity and solid sought activity; we think that leaning in to the SEM market might be a good strategy. So again, these are variable spends and we can react on a daily, almost hourly basis. But were bullish as far as where we think SEM trends are going to take us for the balance of the year.
Aaron Kessler - ThinkEquity LLC: Any quick comments on Hotwire, just the performance you saw there?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Id say Hotwire, in general, the team has been executing well, but the environment is a bit more unfriendly for Hotwire. You're seeing business spend come back, and while the car piece of the business is solidifying on the hotel side, we're seeing hotel ADRs in some of the larger markets come up very significantly. The Hotwire consumers a pretty price-sensitive consumer, and to the extent that ADRs, especially in larger markets like New York, kind of let's say, top-eight markets, Hotwire volumes are suffering. So we're doing well on the secondary markets, but we are doing worse in the primary markets. And so on balance, Id say Hotwire hotels is weaker than we'd like it to be and hopefully that situation will get better on the balance of the year. One of the positives that we expect in the second half is that were actually integrating some of Hotwire's opaque inventory into the Expedia retail path. We're doing as a test now. Were seeing some early promising results and as we optimize the retail path, et cetera, were hoping that, that product will become a pretty good product, especially in an environment where ADRs are going up a bit, as the leisure traveler may be looking for deals, whether that's in packages or the opaque path. So we're pretty hopeful about that product integration and we'll certainly tell you more about it in Q3 and Q4.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Kevin Crissey with UBS.
Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank: The airlines, a couple of them, the domestic more leisure-focused airlines, commented on a kind of a slowdown of trend in May that has kind of continued and AirTran noted it and Allegiant, which I know doesnt participate, but they noted it as well. Is there anything  I know you're seeing solid trends in July -- but is there anything you're seeing at all that would suggest that things have gone, from an airline perspective at least, from great to good, which is kind of the way I would classify their commentary?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Kevin, when we look at air ticket growth, we did see some de-acceleration on a month-on-month basis through Q2. What we're seeing in July is that prices have eased up a bit so that we're seeing the air ticket growth get better. Air ticket growth, obviously, is pretty sensitive to pricing. So Id say were fairly consistent with what the airlines saw. We think that to the extent that they have eased up pricing in response to some of the weakness that theyve observed that has then helped us on the volume front. And obviously, the balance of volume in the year is going to some extent depend on pricing. Europe and Asia-Pacific air ticket volume remains solid for us to some extent, assisted by cuts in air fees that we haven't fully lapped. So we'll see how that goes to the back half of the year.
Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank: And your growth rate looks to be maybe slightly above what the industry is doing, at least according to some data that's out there. Do you think you're taking share on the air side? It seems like you might be.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think on balance, we might be. I mean, if you look at the industry, you have to really split it into two, the business travel market and the leisure travel market. There's no doubt that the business travel market is coming back strongly and you're seeing that in the Egencia numbers. Now our penetration into business travel, let's say, is lower than the overall industry penetration in business travel. So we think were absolutely gaining share on the business travel front, and that would lead you to believe then on the leisure travel front, we're still gaining share. We have no fees, our product is only getting better, we're adding more product to the shelf so to speak. So I would expect that over the long-term, we'll continue to gain share in both the leisure and the business marketplace.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Millman with Millman Research.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Could you give us some color as to the pieces affecting the revenue margin, in particular? Youre seeing the ticket prices going up, I guess is a negative, but how much of a negative? And the hotel mix, maybe the merchant? And agency you can talk about, obviously, its offset by ads and media. And then you touched on the cars settling down, but maybe you can be more specific now that were in the summer peak season for car rentals. Are you seeing more or less inventory? What are you seeing on pricing as well?
Dara Khosrowshahi: So I'll take the question on revenue margin first. On a worldwide basis, the biggest impact by far was average ticket prices, lower fees, the volcano, FX book-to-stay. If you look at the domestic revenue margin, some of that gets weeded out. Not all of it. And the domestic revenue margin was down only 68 bps, even with the higher air fees, as we have lapped a number of the fees. On the international rev margin, that was down significantly more than domestic and FX was the biggest driver behind the reduction on international rev margin, plus higher average ticket prices. And then the international revenue margin also includes on a year-on-year comp basis, I think, for the last time, our CruiseShipCenters business, which has a significant amount of international bookings at lower rev margin than some of our other products. And that is probably accounting for maybe 25% to 30% of the international rev margin decline. The good news is, CSC is more profitable, but it does affect this one metric. So if you look at the rev margin on an overall basis and adjust it for FX, we're down only 92 bps, which is our lowest drop since we took the fee actions. And I think on the car side, Michael, I'd say on balance, the environment is a bit better than it was last year. Last year, we had a pretty difficult environment, in that we had very, very strong leisure demand and the car fleets being quite limited as far as increases in fleet sizes. Now then I'd say, in general, the travel business is in much better shape. The car rental companies are in much better shape, looking to gain more share. Were seeing some increases in fleet size, which makes the inventory situation better than it was last year. Now there's no question that during the summer, inventory does tighten up. But we think that this summer, it will be on balance a bit less tight than it was last summer. So as a result, in general, we're seeing increased transactions on the car side. Revenue per rental is down slightly on lower pricing with a little bit of an increase in the average kind of length of rental. So those are the kind of the factors that are affecting the car business.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Herman Leung with Deutsche Bank Securities.
Herman Leung - Deutsche Bank AG: As you've seen kind of air ticket growth kind of alleviate a little bit, I was wondering if you can talk about how that could impact your inventory trends in terms of access to air inventory? And could that help out potentially the flattish-type packages business in the back half of the year? And then secondly, on the BFS, Best Fare Search, potential, and just with all this Google ITA stuff thats coming out, I know airlines have been sort of testing this service out there. Is there a potential for you guys to productize this to the guys like Kayak and some of the other airlines thats out there in the world?
Dara Khosrowshahi: So on your first question, and forgive me if I may not have understood it correctly, but we don't expect to see a pickup in packages in the second half based upon average ticket prices are going. I think we expect them to stay at relatively high current levels. We did note that on a year-on-year comp basis that theyll start to look a bit better. But I think given the capacity of the airlines and the demand, we don't see something that is going to kick start the package business in the second half of the year.
Michael Adler: And as far as BFS goes, we've invested pretty aggressively in BFS over the past 10-plus years. And we think its a terrific product. It is competitive with any of the pricing products out there in the industry. And we have an absolute top-notch team working on it. BFS, however, was developed really as an in-house solution. So while we are talking about it and while we may talk to some potential partners, airlines about building out BFS capabilities for them, it is an in-house solution. It would take a fair amount of work to commercialize it for third parties. And at this point, its not something that we know whether we want to invest in, put time in and whether, frankly, it's practical. But we'll see. Were very happy, especially with Google buying ITA, that weve got the BFS team and makes us worry a bit less about what the potential consequences of that transaction could be, at least for us.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ross Sandler, with RBC.
Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Just a couple of housekeeping questions and then one on the share buyback. So first, can you remind us of the timing of the hotel booking fee eliminations from last year, which months did the U.S., Canada and then the other international fee eliminations hit? And how meaningful an improvement in merchant revenue margin should we expect to see in 3Q, 4Q? And then the other housekeeping would be, looks like the language around tech and content OpEx changed a little bit from last quarter in terms of de-leverage from the second half. Can you just provide us a little bit more color there? And then last on the share buyback, you've repurchased shares last quarter at $22.50 on average. Can you help us just understand the philosophy around the buyback as we were kind of at those levels for most of the quarter.
Dara Khosrowshahi: So on the housekeeping items, that the reductions, I guess we reduced hotel fees mid-ish April last year in the U.S. Remind you that the impact actually, it began to be felt a couple of months later because the fees are recognized on a stay basis. We cut the change/cancel fees in late May and in early June. I think then, again, we did some further decreases in hotel fees as we went to throughout the fall last year and we lowered our U.S. base hotel fees for European shoppers. And then in September, we reduced the fees in Italy, Australia and New Zealand on the air side of the business. Was the second question revenue margin?
Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Yes. The impact of the revenue margin, like the merchant revenue margin, how much growth could you see there year-over-year?
Dara Khosrowshahi: As we hit Q3 and Q4, I mean, there's less and less of an impact from the fee actions that weve have taken, and we will kind of return to the underlying supplier economics, which we said are relatively stable. There will always be things that will impact the merchant revenue margin, FX, mix; all sorts of other things. But in general, as we exit this period associated with the fee actions, we should start to see more stability. On that tech and content question, we now do expect to deliver in the back half of the year. We've made some decisions to increase our investment at TripAdvisor, as well as some other initiatives. Last year, we kept our spend relatively flat from Q1 to Q3. And this year, were now expecting a bit of an increase from Q2 and Q3 and into the back half of the year. |And so tech and content we do expect to be growing faster than revenue. And also we have a bit lower revenue expectations, just because of the volcano and things that impacted us in Q2.
Michael Adler: I think also just on the tech and content side, it's really a reflection of opportunities that we see in the market. So for example, we are seeing the mobile markets developing much faster, mobile search developing much more quickly than it had last year. So we are building out mobile teams across the company to make sure that we not only build out mobile capabilities, but leading-edge mobile capabilities. Same thing for some of the foreign markets and the Asia-Pacific markets, et cetera. As were seeing the growth in those markets accelerate, we are finding it worthwhile for us to build up smaller kind of technology pods that are dedicated to the Asia-Pacific markets, for example, to normalize some of our products for those markets. In general, what we do is we build very, very big solutions that we can leverage on a worldwide basis. But some of the Asia-Pacific marketplaces have very different needs on payment services, especially some of the look and feel that you want on the sites; youd want to be very different. Let's say the look and feel in Japan thats acceptable is very different from a look and feel that you see the U.S. And as we've seen these markets kind of grow and mature, faster than frankly we expected, we're going to invest ahead to some extent on the tech and content side. And the nature of technology and content is that the kind of have to invest ahead of the revenue to some extent. Youve got to put a team together. Youve got to build our product and typically kind of six months to 12 months after the spend, you start getting some kind of a return on it. But we think those investments are worthwhile and we think then increased spend is a reflection of kind of very, very big potential in those marketplaces. As far as the buyback goes, I just urge you to kind of step back and if you step back, kind of you see that we spent about $2 billion buying back our stock since the spinoff. In Q1, we spent almost $200 million and we brought in over 8 million shares. And what I don't want to get into is kind of a quarterly recap of why we bought in one quarter or why we did buy in another quarter. There are many, many reasons, including times in which we might have a different -- call it information from the markets, et cetera. I think that what you want to pay attention to from a long-term perspective is that we are a company thats going to be throwing off a lot of capital. We are happy with our strategic position. We don't have to save up a bunch of capital to go after, let's say, an Asian footprint or to buy media business, as we have them inside of our company. So we do think we're going to create build out at the capital and kind of consistent with an investment-grade rating, we are going to, over the long-term, return capital to shareholders. Some of it will happen with dividends. But we would expect, over the next couple of years, to be net buyers of our stock. But from a quarterly basis, thats certainly not something that I'm going to comment on.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Sandeep Aggarwal from Caris & Company.
Sandeep Aggarwal - Caris & Company: Are you quantifying the impact from the volcanic ash $12 million. Was there any negative or quantifiable impact from the Gulf of Mexico in Q2? And does that concern you going forward in Q3? And secondly, on the ITA stuff, what is the competition on your direct business, transaction business? But I guess my question is more on that with Google acquiring ITA, do you see any dynamics changing in terms of the ad spend you get for advertisers for your transaction website, as well as for TripAdvisor?
Dara Khosrowshahi: So on the first question with respect to the Gulf of Mexico, it's difficult for us to quantify. It certainly does impact travel patterns and there can certainly be pressure on specific cities. But we typically see people making plans to go elsewhere. Id note that theres a big mass migration of insurance and other folks actually into the Gulf area and I think that is offsetting to some degree anyway the lesser leisure demand. So nothing that we can quantify nearly as specifically as the volcano.
Michael Adler: And Sandeep, on the ITA question, ITA is really an air product. And when you look at our media properties, especially TripAdvisor, the vast majority of TripAdvisor's revenue comes from hotel, CPC and CPM advertising. So we don't think that ITA will have any direct effect, so to speak, on the TripAdvisor business, which as you know is growing very, very quickly and is highly profitable for us. I think the key for us with Google in general on a go-forward basis is, is Google going to use its market power to kind of favor its internal content versus the third-party content. And as long as it plays a fair game, we feel okay. And that's really something that were watching much more carefully that ITA, at least in the hotel segment. But again, Google has very significant market power and it's something that I think everyone is going to be watching very closely.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Scott Kessler with Standard & Poor's Equity.
Scott Kessler - S&P Equity Research: I have a simple question, but the response might not be as simple. I think a lot of people take it for granted the pretty substantial growth trajectory that TripAdvisor has been on for the last number of years. And I was wondering if you could talk about a couple of the factors that are contributing to what has become a really special business, that frankly, I think doesn't get the kind of attention that it should.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Scott, did we pay you to ask the question?
Scott Kessler - S&P Equity Research: Not at all. But again, this something where people ask about TripAdvisor and the implication is that its assumed that 40% revenue growth is the norm. And obviously, I see very few businesses on organic basis that are able to consistently deliver those types of results. And I'm wondering if you could just talk a little bit about where this growth is coming from and what you see the trajectory to be over the next couple of years even.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. I think the first thing that it starts with is the team, and I they think we have an incredible team. We've got 700 employees at TripAdvisor that are incredibly talented, kind of from the top to the bottom. And I think it comes from building great products that attracts huge amounts of traffic from a user base that is very, very loyal to that product. TripAdvisor, like many other products that are built upon user-generated content are very viral and they have positions that are very difficult to unseat. If you got 30 million reviews and you're looking for a hotel review, you're just going to TripAdvisor. Chances are, you're going to find great product there, to the extent that you'd find great product and have a great experience and chances are, you're going to write a review. People like that new content. The search engine box, the Google box, the Bing box, et cetera, like that new content because its great, its relevant and its new. And so this kind of the new content coming out on the site feeds upon itself and has a self-reinforcing factor. Now whats different about TripAdvisor from most user-generated sites is that whereas most EGC [ph] sites have a hard time monetizing, this incredibly relevant information for people who want to travel. It's very targeted so you have two weapons: one is you have free content that's viral in nature and has increasing returns to scale, and you have content that monetizes incredibly well. So you put those two together and you've got a great, great product to start with. Then we add on top of that international expansion. TripAdvisor is growing in Europe on a country basis anywhere from 50% to 100% its traffic. It's going very aggressively to the Asia-Pacific regions. Were losing a lot of money in China, that's a good thing because that means were investing more aggressively in China than anyone else we believe. And so you add kind of this organic growth to international market growth, which is very, very substantial and you get a great combination. You add to that new products. So for example, Business Listings is a product that allows hoteliers to list their hotel, the URL, the phone number to call, right when someone is looking up a hotel. Its a great product for the hotelier because they get direct distribution. Its a great experience for the consumer because they can click right on to the hotel site rather than opening up a new window, et cetera. And for us, its a subscription model, which is recurring revenue and is a very solid kind of product. And we've already signed up 15,000 hoteliers and that can increase the multiples and multiples. Another new product, for example, is Vacation Rentals. Again, a subscription product that we think we can build up over years. So I just think it's a combination of great, great base product, international markets that are growing even faster than a domestic business thats growing quite well and then a number of new products that are launching as well. And when you add it up together, you get very strong growth on a current basis and I would say the kind of investment that will hopefully keep the growth going for many years. Its an asset that we certainly dont take for granted, and we think that as it gets bigger, we frankly think it's one of the finest content and media businesses on the web bar-non. And we think it's only a matter of time before it gets recognized inside of our portfolio. Operator, any more questions, or is that it?
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions in the queue. Id like to turn this call back over to Mr. Pickerill.
Alan Pickerill: Thanks a lot. Thanks to everybody for joining us on the call today and for all the questions. A replay of the call will be available as usual in the IR site shortly after the call is completed. We appreciate your interest in Expedia and look forward to convening with you again next quarter. Dara, any final
Dara Khosrowshahi: No. Just a special thank-you to the Expedia employees for their efforts this quarter and we're looking forward to telling you all about the next couple quarters coming out. Thank you very much for joining.
Michael Adler: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Expedia, Inc. Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for your participation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-30 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Michael Adler - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Stu Haas - Vice President of Investor Relations Alan Pickerill - Director, Investor Relations Dara Khosrowshahi - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, Member of Preferred Stock Subcommittee and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank Imran Khan - JP Morgan Chase & Co James Cakmak - Sidoti & Company, LLC Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets Corporation Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch Douglas Anmuth - Barclays Capital Herman Leung - Deutsche Bank AG Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Inc
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Expedia Inc. First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And I would now like to turn the conference over to Stu Haas, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir.
Stu Haas: Good afternoon and welcome to Expedia Inc.'s financial results conference call for the first quarter ended March 31, 2010. Believe it or not, today's earnings call is Expedia's 20th since our spin off from AIC in 2005. And it's going to be the last one for me personally because I'm going to turn my full my attention to running Expedia's Treasury Group. I want to thank our investors and those who follow Expedia for your support and interest over the past five years. And with that, I'm now going to turn the call over to Expedia's new Vice President and Head of Investor Relations, Alan Pickerel.
Alan Pickerill: Thanks, Stu. We are pleased to be joined on the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, Expedia's CEO and President; and Mike Adler, our CFO. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, April 29, 2010, only. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate or similar statements. Please refer to today's press release and the company's filings with the SEC for information about factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You will find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today on our earnings release, which is posted on the company's IR website at expediainc.com/ir. I encourage you to periodically visit our IR site for important content, including today's earnings release and our updated investor presentation. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense, and technology and content expense, excludes stock-based compensation. And all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2009. With that, let me turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Allan and thanks to everyone for taking time to join us this afternoon. 2010 is off to a good start for Expedia, as Q1 operating income before amortization grew 10% on a 13% increase in revenue, with expected deleverage in selling and marketing offsetting leverage in some of our other expense areas. Our adjusted earnings per share grew at a healthy 24% due to our OIBA growth, combined with the lower tax rate. We expect earnings per share to continue increasing faster than OIBA in 2010.  On capital structures, as part of Expedia's long-standing discipline of returning excess cash to shareholders, we completed the distribution of our inaugural dividend of $20 million in March and we also repurchased $188 million worth of our stock. Over the long term, we plan to continue both programmatic and opportunistic returns of shareholder capital, all consistent with Expedia's commitment to maintaining an investment-grade credit rating. Now diving in a bit more on our results, our advertising and media businesses had a strong quarter, with top line growth accelerating to 34% for the business, which now contributes 14% of our revenue, and generating run rate revenues of nearly $400 million. TripAdvisor delivered 33% of revenue growth on very strong traffic and click growth across its global media network. TripAdvisor signed over 12,000 subscribers for its new service listings products so we are encouraged by the early adoption on that front. Our transaction-based sites generated a solid 18% and 22% growth in room nights and air tickets despite tougher comps and less favorable pricing environments. And our international businesses delivered their highest rate of FX neutral revenue growth in over two years, with our APAC region exceeding the $1 billion trailing four-quarter bookings threshold for the first time in Expedia's history. A significant driver of international strength continues to be our Hotels business. We saw an acceleration in room night growth from 24% to 27%. On the other hand, U.S. room night growth deaccelerated in Q1 due to lower growth of Hotwire and Hotels.com on tougher comps. Hotels.com is comping the ramp of our very successful Welcome Rewards program last year, which we believe significantly accelerated volume growth. We also completed the integration of our Hotels.com U.S. and international platforms into one global platform, which we do think cost us some volume in Q1 and here early in Q2. For the balance of the year, growth on Hotels.com will largely depend on driving conversion increases through site optimizations, which will require strong execution going forward, but we have a very solid product plan in place and that's exactly what the common platform is suited for. Now we told you last year that we expected Egencia to show both top and bottom line growth in 2010. And we're off to a solid start on that accord with Q1 bookings growth of 47% and OIBA of $6 million. Some of that profitability was driven by timing of investments that we're making to benefit our clients in support of their needs. So we don't expect that level of OIBA going forward for Egencia, but we do expect a nicely profitable year in 2010. All in all, a solid start to the year amidst an improving travel environment. And with that, over to Mike.
Michael Adler: Thanks, Dara. I'll briefly step through some Q1 analytics before updating our 2010 expectations. Starting with transaction growth, we continued to benefit for most of Q1 from the various fee actions we took last year. We just started comping over the e.com air fee elimination the last few weeks of the quarter and comps since then have been muddied a bit by the volcano, year-on-year differences in Easter timing and rising airfares. And we have even less data on hotel as we reduced fees last April 21, but as expected air ticket and room night growth rates are moderate. That said, we believe we are still taking meaningful share in the travel market as a whole. Revenue margin was down 134 basis points year-on-year in Q1, due largely to our various fee cuts. This is a modest improvement from Q4, but was approximately 40 bps below our forecast due largely to the 9% increase in airfares compared with the low single digit increases we had expected. We continue to expect an easier comp on rev margin in Q3 and beyond as we fully anniversary our larger fee cuts. Turning to expenses. As expected, Q1 selling and marketing was closer to our more typical seasonal pattern, with spend up nearly 20% sequentially. And we anticipate a similar sequential uptick here in Q2. As a reminder, Q2 selling and marketing will include roughly half the $20 million in relocation and other costs we'll incur in 2010 related to the opening of our lodging supply headquarters in Geneva, Switzerland. On taxes, our 34% ANI rate reflects changes to our business operations we mentioned last call, as well as relative growth in our international businesses. We believe 34% is an appropriate tax rate for modeling purposes for the remainder of 2010, and we anticipate our ANI tax rate in 2011 will be a few additional points lower. I know many of you are interested in the impact of the volcanic ash episode which recently disrupted European travel patterns. Keep in mind that Expedia's business is fairly sensitive to events impacting air travel on the continent since we tend to have a disproportionate share of airlift-driven travel within Europe compared to some travel companies in the region. In short, we clearly saw a meaningful increase in cancellations and a decrease in bookings related to Europe for a good two-week period, some of which we may call back later in Q2 and some we may not. But our best estimate is that Q2 OIBA growth will be several percentage points lower than it would've been otherwise. So overall, we're now expecting roughly flat Q2 OIBA growth due to our currently assumed volcano impact, COGS deleverage and Geneva-related expenses. Even with Q2, we expect full-year 2010 OIBA will grow in the low double digits compared with 2009. As always, this assumes FX rates don't vary markedly from what we see today. Given our outlook for single-digit OIBA growth in the front half of the year, it's a fair question as to why we think we can deliver higher growth for the full year. Fundamentally, we believe we can continue driving healthy room-night growth, with a more favorable revenue for room night profile as we anniversary our fee cuts and enjoy some tailwind from rising ADRs. And while air ticket growth may be harder to come by in light of higher ticket prices, we will enjoy more stable revenue per ticket economics as we progress through the year. In addition, we're looking for continued strong growth from our highly accretive Advertising businesses, which are showing nice acceleration against some favorable comps given the CPM and CPC deflation we experienced in 2009. On the cost side, we're looking for COGS leverage in the back half from several areas, including improved contract rates negotiated with third-party providers, consolidation of our call center footprint and some operational improvements, including intelligent call routing. We'll also have much more normalized marketing comps as we get into the back half. And finally, we expect to see meaningful leverage in G&A in the second half, particularly in Q4 when we lap some nonrecurring legal and professional expenses and we'll likely experience a more typical year-on-year bonus pattern. With that, let's turn to questions. Operator, would you please remind listeners how to ask a question?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth with Barclays Capital.
Douglas Anmuth - Barclays Capital: First, just on tech and content spending. I think in the release you talked about it being up on an absolute basis, but did not comment on as a percentage of revenues so I was hoping you could elaborate there a little bit. And then secondly, can you talk about your appetite potentially to buy in Liberty Media shares just given the fact that you did buy back $200 million worth of stock in 1Q and also in context given the commitments to the limited investment grade rating?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, I'll start with the second question and then Mike can talk about the first question. As far as Liberty Media share buying prospect, Liberty has been a great shareholder, long-term shareholder of ours. They continue to be supporters of ours and they're very value-add board members for us and everything that we've heard from them is that they want to be long-term shareholders. So at this point, we have not had any kind of discussions with them about buying in their shares one way or the other. We hope to have them as shareholders for a long time and make them lots of money on a go-forward basis. I'd say that our view on buying shares to some extent, we don't care who we buy the shares from. This quarter, we felt that there was delta between what we thought the economic value of the shares was and what they were trading for in the market. And we went into the market and we took advantage of what we thought was that delta and hopefully will prove to be a good investment on a go-forward basis. So what I'd focus on in is the desire for us to buy in shares which we did in this quarter and kind of add value over a long term for shareholders in addition to dividend payments, et cetera. So with that, I'll have -- Mike, you want to talk about tech and content?
Michael Adler: Yes. On tech and content, I guess the first thing I'd point out is our spend in Q1 was actually very similar to Q4 in absolute dollars. We do think that that will increase during the year and for the full year, we will have absolute dollar increases. Over the long run, it is absolutely our intent that we leverage tech and content spending. Along the way, there may be periods where we leverage more or less as it looks like now. For this year, given some of the investments we're making in TripAdvisor, it'll be close. So we're not sure exactly where it will end up.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ingrid Chung with Goldman Sachs.
Ingrid Chung - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Dara, I was wondering if you can talk about the acceleration in hotel room nights growth that you talked about earlier in Europe. Was that coming more from new hotels, new properties or was that from just more rooms booked for existing properties? And should we continue to see good trends there outside of the volcano ash issue?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Ingrid. The acceleration that we saw was actually primarily due to the Asia Pacific business getting larger as a percentage of our overall business. The APAC growth has been quite healthy. We've got a really good team. And at that business, it's kind of mapped. As that business gets to be a larger part of our portfolio, you should see acceleration there assuming that the growth in Asia Pacific doesn't slow down and it has not. We're also seeing nice success at hotels.com in the Latin American region. In Mexico, Brazil, we're seeing very encouraging results there off of a small base. And then Canada's doing really well for Expedia and hotels.com. The team up there is executing really, really well. So most of the acceleration, the growth that you're seeing is APAC, LatAm, Canada and some of these regions that we feel have huge potential for us and are really strong emerging markets. Europe, as a whole, is stable and doing well. And we think that there's frankly more potential in Europe on a go-forward basis, which hopefully we'll execute on.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney with Citi.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Inc: Could you update your thoughts on the free cash flow outlook for the year? Or should that also be roughly in line with that low double digit OIBA growth? And then secondly, Dara, any updated comments on of course access to promotional inventory in the U.S. hotel market?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Mike, you want to start on free cash flow?
Michael Adler: Sure. On free cash flow, we're not updating our expectations today. I would call out that we're off to a good start here in Q1. Working capital from our Merchant Hotel business maybe a bit lower than we had originally expected due to the pace of growth. Also, keep in mind on our working capital, we will have a tougher comp as we head through the year just based upon booking patterns last year. We do expect CapEx to be a bit higher than we had expected, probably using our Q1 rate on an annualized basis, we'll get you close to where we think we will end up. We have decided to do further build outs in our data center and as TripAdvisor continues to grow, we're increasing CapEx spend there both in terms of product development as well as just real estate. I'd also call out that we are pleased with the improvements that we've seen in our tax rate, which helped us on a year-on-year basis, and I'd remind you that there's always puts and takes on our free cash flow and we are very sensitive to timing as well.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And Mark on your second question on the access to promotional inventory in the U.S. We're actually seeing good promotional inventory out there. If you look at hotel occupancies in Q1, for example, I think the average occupancy based on the Smith Travel data that we saw was 52%, which is significantly lower than called the historical average occupancy that we've seen. So the hoteliers still need help. The environment is getting a lot better, but I think hoteliers are still looking to move volume and are still putting promotional inventory out there, and we'll continue to on a go-forward basis. Now I don't think that the promotional inventory is going to be quite as deep discounts as it was last year. Last year, you had a once-in-a-lifetime, hopefully, event last year where business travel just disappeared. Group travel was nonexistent and really, the hoteliers have to lean very heavily on leisure inventory and leisure discounted inventory in order to drive volume. To expect that to happen again this year, I think, would be foolish. But what we are seeing is that hoteliers are in the market. They are pushing promotions and the nature of those promotions might change. Instead of buy two nights get one free, it might be buy three nights get one free. Instead of a 40% off, it might be 30% off. Some hoteliers we're seeing who were driving aggressive retail promotions are dipping more into the opaque channel into, for example, package inventory and to our Hotwire opaque channels, et cetera. So the nature of the promotion, the promotional activity is going to change, but we absolutely think that lots of promotional activity will remain, will go on a go-forward basis. And we think that hoteliers who are smart about using our marketplace can have real upside as well as far as room night growth and RevPAR growth, which is something that both ourselves and the hoteliers are aiming for.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Imran Khan with JPMorgan.
Imran Khan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: First question, it seems like you're OIBA for your leisure segment, which is core business, OIBA was down 9% year-over-year. I think this is the first time I'm seeing that OIBA was down for the Leisure segment. Can you help us understand that? And the second question was can you give us some sense about your booking impact from this volcanic in Hotel and the Air segment of the business, how much booking you lost for Hotel segment and also in Air segment?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Imran. I'll answer the first one then Mike can answer the second. On Q1 the leisure business OIBA being down, that frankly was something that was not a surprise and was also driven by the year-on-year increases in marketing that we talked about coming out of Q4. If you remember in Q1 of '09, really, none of us had any idea what was going on or what was going to happen so we essentially put a stop on almost all nonessential, especially off-line marketing. So in Q1 of '10, we've started marketing again on a sequential basis and call it a more normal seasonal pattern that what we typically see from going Q4 into Q1 of next year. So sales and marketing, there was a significant amount of sales and marketing deleverage for our leisure businesses. It was something that was planned. Typically that kind of sales and marketing specially when you come back in off-line media, you don't get immediate call it bookings benefit, et cetera. You can't put a dollar of marketing and expect x dollars in return. So we thought there was going to be some deleverage. We saw it. Q2 is going to be mixed because of Geneva, volcano, et cetera. But then Q3, Q4, we think that you'll see the leisure business growing as we expect it to do.
Imran Khan - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Mike, on volcano?
Michael Adler: I'll just remind folks on the first question, on the leisure OIBA that there was the negative impact from the Geneva expenses were in there, as well as some of the call center investments that we made as well. On the second question, we saw an impact, really, across Air and Hotel. Obviously, specifically on gross bookings, we expect to be more impacted on the Air side. In terms of whether or not we will recover some of that in the quarter, that remains to be seen and is a bit difficult to predict. As I called out in my comments, we do expect several points of OIBA degradation as a result of volcano, but it's a short-term thing for us and, obviously, it doesn't impact the long run of the business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin Post with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch: You said you're going to increase marketing 20% sequentially, is that normal for you? And what are you going to be spending it on? Is that CPC increases or are you working more on off-line? And then the second question, can you give us any thoughts on what your transaction growth rates could look like as we get past the volcano, but we get out to the middle of, say, the summer, much tougher comps on hotel nights and air? Could it be single digits or can you give us any help on that?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think, Mike, correct me if I'm wrong, we didn't talk about a 20% increase in marketing. I think all we said, Justin, was that the amount from Q4 of last year to Q1 of this year looks more like the sequential increase that we typically have seen in other years, aside from last year. So similar amount, but we didn't talk about a specific about. As far as the transaction growth rates, the future state, we're not going to give you a specific number because, frankly, we don't know. But we think that we are pretty well positioned on a go forward basis. If you think about the quality of our service, as far as taking away air booking fees, lowering hotel booking fees, no change/cancel fees, in general, the marketing out there, et cetera, we feel much more confident about the value that we are bringing consumers now, than I'd say we have in the last five years. And if you look in the last five years, if you look '05, '06, '07 periods in which the economy was in a strong recovery, I think we are able to deliver very solid unit growth. Typically, revenue per units was growing as well, and we showed nice revenue growth. And my expectation is to see that on a go-forward basis as well. So we might see some pressure, Q3, Q4, because we're not getting the unit benefit of booking cuts, but our revenue per unit should be in much, much better shape. And as Mike said, we are pretty confident that in the second half, we're going to be delivering pretty good growth, in order to get a full year at low double digits. So I think that's kind of the best I can do for you. Anything to add, Mike, to that?
Michael Adler: Yes. So on the sales and marketing question, we did say that Q2 would have a similar sequential increase in spend from Q1. And that is in keeping with our normal seasonality. And last year was just kind of an odd year. And I'd also point out that we feel like we're in modestly improving travel environment as well, and so we think the spend will make sense.
Justin Post - BofA Merrill Lynch: Just to clarify, what did you exactly say about the ramp in 2Q? Can you clarify that?
Michael Adler: Yes, I think our words were, similar rate of sequential increase in Q2 that we saw in Q1.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Herman Leung from Deutsche Bank.
Herman Leung - Deutsche Bank AG: First, on the domestic inventory for hotel rooms, I guess, whether your large partners in the U.S. is expecting the pipeline to be sort of tampered a bit, and ADR and RevPAR rates to be up 3% to 6%. Is this a case where hotels are employing a airline strategy, where kind of putting less inventory out there and kind of control pricing for the OTAs? Wondering if that has any impact and what your view is on that inventory side. And then second, there's been a lot of speculation about Google and ITA Software deal tying up. Wondering how this transaction like this could potentially impact the OTA landscape, if any.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. I think on the inventory side, one thing to keep in mind is that we have very strong relationships and contracts with our hotel partners. And I'd say, in general, to the extent that they're selling inventory on the Web, they're making that inventory, that pricing, et cetera, available to us as well. So it's not an issue of quality, of inventory or our getting access to inventory. I do think that if you look at where we were last year versus this year, some of those hotel partners are not going to, call it, go in with promotional inventory as aggressively as they were last year, because the market's improving, because the consumer's coming back to some extent. That said, again, because of where occupancies are now, we do think that there is going to be plenty of promotional inventory. There are going to be good deals on a go-forward basis. And we do think that hoteliers, to the extent that they are too aggressive on the ADR side, will be leaving money on the table, as far as RevPAR goes. So we think we're going to have to work hard on getting the promotional inventory. But we're confident this year now, when we look at the summer, on a go-forward basis, that we'll have nice access to promotional inventory. I think the one area that I am a bit worried about is actually on the air side. Then if you look at the air ticket prices out there and the growth in air ticket prices, our average ticket price, I think, was up around 9%, and we see those numbers only going up for the summer. So to the extent that I worry about inventory, it's the effect that air ticket prices are going to have on the summer traveler and the leisure traveler. I'd say, in general, we don't see a direct effect on air ticket prices and room night growth, but we do see an effect on air ticket prices and air ticket growth. And also, air ticket prices could have an effect on the pricing in our packages and the attractiveness of our package inventory in general. So on an inventory basis or on a price basis, I'm actually quite confident of our hotel inventory. It's on the air side that I'd be a little bit more worried. As far as ITA and Google, that rumor has been going around for a while. And so we're not particularly inclined to speculate on what could happen or what could not happen there. ITA is a very strong technology company in the travel business. Most of the major part of the technology that they have is an air search engine or an air pricing engine called QPX. And we are fortunate enough to have built similar technology in-house. We have our own technology, BFS, which we call Best Fare Search, and we've got a group of brilliant engineers, a couple floors down from here, working on that. So we actually -- from our standpoint, we don't feel too exposed. I think if I were another OTA and there are others out there, for example, Orbitz, who depends on ITA for their pricing, you become awfully dependent on Google, not only for your, let's say, your leads, but also for the pricing of those leads. Your dependency on Google is pretty high. Now Google has been a great company. They've been fair with their partners, et cetera, but I think we're lucky enough where we don't have a dependency there. So we don't think it's going to have a particular effect on us, one way or the other. We will watch with interest and we will read the article like everyone else.
Herman Leung - Deutsche Bank AG: I think you've talked about Hotwire kind of decelerated in the first quarter on the domestic hotel side, wondering if you can kind of comment on that? Whether or not some of the -- are you seeing some impact from competitive opaque offerings kind of trying to go after inventory on that side of the business?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I honestly don't think that it's a result of competitive opaque inventory. I think it's just because Hotwire was growing so darn fast. And the rates of growth were in the 30% range, et cetera. And you can only grow that fast for so long. And the Hotwire team did an incredibly good job of finding kind of, every year, new avenues of profitable marketing spend. And they would drive that profitable marketing spend, drive conversion rates. And together, when you have kind of more UVs, more conversion, you kind of get the magic of unit growth there. And at some point, it's going to slow down. And I think the team right now is very focused on kind of on conversion and on finding more profitable spend out there. And it's a little bit harder to come by. The growth is still quite healthy. It's just coming off a number that was very, very high.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Millman with Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Kind of following up a little bit on the last -- can you talk about what trends you're seeing regarding conversion, regarding retention of existing -- I'm not sure if you call them clients, but these customers? And the second question, regards rental cars, I was wondering if you could give us the change that you're seeing in price and availability, both generally, on your sites and for your opaque sites?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. I think on conversion and customer retention, it's difficult to be general with all the various sites that we have out there. I'd say, in general, we are happy with conversion trends. Conversion trends tend to be positive. They are certainly positive on the Expedia side, and we expect kind of healthy conversion on a go-forward basis. Hotels.com conversion in the first quarter took a little bit of a hit because of the platform, kind of the platform merging that I talked about in my prepared remarks. So on that basis, Hotels.com took a bit of a hit on conversion. But we're already seeing the team kind of move their way back there. And actually, conversion on Hotels.com is moving in the right direction, on a daily basis, or more recently, which gives us nice confidence for that team in kind of Q3, Q4. And Hotwire conversion, I'd say, is flat to down a bit on decent growth. And again, that conversion, we think, can be moved up as well. So overall, I'd say, conversion is stable to up, if I put everything together. Certainly, on TripAdvisor, to some extent, conversion is the number of clicks they get. And that team continues to execute very, very well on the conversion front there. As far as rental cars go, I think it's a tale of two cities. The retail part of our Rental Car business continues to do very, very well. We're seeing transaction growth. We're seeing nice revenue growth there. But we are selling a higher portion of our rental car sales, retail versus opaque. So as our mix goes more to retail versus opaque, our revenue per transaction comes down a bit. So overall, transactions are doing nicely, opaque transaction mix coming down, which hurts our revenue per transaction a bit. And I wouldn't expect to see that change unless, to the extent that, call it, fleet strategies change, going forward. And that's not something that we anticipate, at least, call it, in the near and the midterm.
Operator: Our next question comes the line of Kevin Crissey with UBS Financial Services.
Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank: Can you talk about the cross-selling of hotel, and more particularly, hotel, as it relates to air? So I'm in agreement with you on the rising fares and the air being a difficult environment, the capacity is not there. And last year, you had the advantage of growth, due to the booking fee cuts. How many of your hotel rooms, or what percentage of your hotel rooms get sold, as a result of people looking and buying air tickets as well?
Dara Khosrowshahi: That for, I'd say, competitive reason, is not a question that I will directly answer. Obviously, our Package business is one in which the consumer decides to buy air and hotel together and get a discount for it. And we think that in these kinds of environments, it's a great opportunity to push packages. And if you see some of our off-line advertising for Expedia, the ad that we have on is a package ad, which appeals to that kind of leisure traveler, looking for a deal. And I think the deals on packages are terrific, but that is somewhat modified by air ticket prices. And as far as the number of consumers who come in, buying air ticket, and then come back and buy a hotel, that's actually a fairly small percentage. And that's an area where e-mail marketing teams were building kind of much more sophisticated e-mail technology, et cetera. So that when we know that you're going to a particular destination, we will try to upsell you a hotel card, et cetera. We have some success there, but I have to tell you, it's not a lot of success. And moving that up by a couple of percentages points can be very significant money. But that is, again, that's very kind of confidential information. So I'm not going to give you kind of specifics on that. I think one of the questions, going forward, on consumer behavior, with air ticket pricing going up is, are consumers going to drive more? Are they going to take the train more, et cetera? We haven't seen any kind of, call it, hard statistics that would suggest that they are at this point, but it is something that we'll be looking for, going forward.
Kevin Crissey - UBS Investment Bank: And have you seen the airlines adjust to try to get the consumer back to their website direct through mileage offerings or other strategies? But they are commenting about seeing higher distribution costs, and mostly, they're talking about, on the credit card side, due to the higher fares, but also, on the distribution to the OTAs.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I think we hear similar comments. I think, we haven't seen any kind of retaliation, whatsoever. But I do think that the airlines are more focused on credit card fees, et cetera. But in general, they're focused on costs, going forward. Now we think that we bring great value for our price, so to speak. As air ticket pricing moves up, our distribution costs, as a percentage of their revenue, tends to go down. So we think that this environment is more friendly to the airlines, as far as our distribution costs as a percentage of total revenue. And the way that we look at it is that it's in the interest of the airlines to build up their load factors any way they can. And we've been able to demonstrate, historically, that to the extent that they use our channel, buy specialty packages, et cetera, they can kind of revenue manage up the rest of the plane, so to speak. And there's no one who's better revenue managing than the airlines. So we think, right now, there's a nice balance. But every time you get in a discussion with airlines, it's a negotiation and you try to do the best that you can.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ross Sandler with RBC Capital Markets.
Ross Sandler - RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Just had a quick follow-up question on the full year OIBA growth comment. So you're seeing 10% growth in the first quarter, flat in the second quarter from the volcano, and the increased marketing and the COGS, what are you seeing that gives you the confidence for the low double digit for full year? You're running at 12% growth in hotel revenue in the current quarter. Your comps are getting a little harder. And like what kind of a hotel room night growth and ADR do you need to see to get there? Or is the OIBA growth going to come in the back half from cost cutting and the G&A leverage that you mentioned? Just a little more color there.
Michael Adler: Yes, overall, I think we've mentioned we see the travel environment improving a bit, and we do have another quarter's visibilities into trends. And I think, as Dara elaborated on a bit, we expect to continue to grow our hotel room nights and our air tickets. And not only will we be lapping the fee reductions, which have been hurting revenue in the last several quarters, but we also expect a continued benefit from ADR on the Hotel side of the business. And we also expect our Advertising business to really continue to perform well, which will help us in the second half of the year. As I mentioned, we'll get much more normalized comps on sales and marketing, our cost of goods, cost of sales investments that we're making in the first half, which are deleveraging us a bit, will begin to bear fruit in the second half of the year. So we feel confident that we can deliver the low double-digit growth. ATPs are a headwind. As Dara mentioned, higher ticket prices, we'll have to deal with whatever that brings. And FX certainly hasn't been our friend of late, but taking it all into account, as of today, we feel good about our ability to accelerate growth in the second half of the year.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And Ross, if it's the best that you're translating that into, it is the best that we are going to be able to keep growing volumes on a go-forward basis. And history tells us, we're able to do it. Again, we think that our services without fees, et cetera, are much stronger. And we have a number of technology projects, et cetera, which, if they do what's promised, should be more tailwind. So we are absolutely making a bet that, that volume and unit growth will continue. And obviously, it's up to us to deliver on that bet.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of James Cakmak with Sidoti & Company.
James Cakmak - Sidoti & Company, LLC: With regards to your Partner Services Group, you had begun to make significant investments to maintain that strong supply inventory. Can you talk a little bit about the progress you've made to ensure long-term relationships on both the merchant and agency side, and specifically, as it relates to the degree of flexibility you're offering with commission structures? And secondly, any update you can provide on potential M&A opportunities?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, James. As far as the PSG goes, the biggest investment that we make in PSG is in people. And that is to get our folks in front of other hoteliers, to get to know them, to understand them, to teach them how they can use our marketplace in order to maximize their RevPAR in their local market. So if you look at the investments that we're making, it's really getting a significant amount of kind of more feet on the streets, both in the U.S., in Europe, and especially, in some of the emerging markets. So I talked about our international room night growth accelerating because of the Asia-Pacific region, because of Latin America, because of Canada, et cetera. We are getting people out there, and we are seeing benefits for us. If you look at our rooms, kind of hotels available, we've got 123,000 hotels now available in the marketplace. That's up 24%, on a year-on-year basis, and again, we wouldn't be able to sign up this many hotels without the help of our kind of market managers and our market coordinators, et cetera. Another area that we haven't focused on is the agency kind of Easy Manage business. And on a worldwide basis, we've got over 20,000 Easy Manage properties. And we are starting to see volume move through Easy Manage as well, and that's encouraging, especially in secondary, tertiary markets, smaller hotels that we had a difficult time getting to. So it's feet on the street, getting more hotels on. And I'd say, the third area that we're focused on is technology, connectivity, et cetera. We are trying to actively lower the cost of hotels doing business with us, lower the cost of our doing business with hoteliers, getting them their cash faster, et cetera. And for example, one area that we're pretty interested in and pretty excited about is kind of matching up supply and demand, working on short order and making sure that when a consumer comes to our site, we show them and does a search, let's say, in New York or L.A., we show them the appropriate hotel at the right time. You should -- a person who comes to our site and does a weekday search should see a different list of hotels, because that's probably a business person than a person doing a weekend search. So those kinds of technologies are also being worked through on the PSG front, which we think are great for hoteliers, and we think can be additive for us on a kind of revenue-per-unique [ph] (1:06:01) basis.
James Cakmak - Sidoti & Company, LLC: And the potential M&A opportunities?
Dara Khosrowshahi: We're looking. I'd say, we've been very interested in the media area. The last acquisition that you saw for us was in China, in Medisearch, Cushion [ph], which we think is an incredibly promising opportunity. So we're looking out there in the media areas, and I'd say, more in the international areas. We are tending, I'd say, to look at smaller targets, and we will be opportunistic. But I tell you, right now, there aren't any kind of huge, huge targets out there, although that could change short term.
Operator: And at this time, there are no further questions in my queue. Please continue.
Alan Pickerill: Okay. Well, thanks, everybody, for joining us today. Dara, any final words you'd like to say?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, just finally, I just wanted to say a special thank you to Stu Haas. He has run our IR group for -- and by group, I mean two people, probably, for five years now. And he's been, I would say, more than an Investor Relations person. I don't think there's anyone who knows more about our company than Stu. He jumps in very, very deeply, and I think he set up our investor relations practice the way that you want to set it up, and that giving you all the information, not trying to sell people and encouraging our company all the time whenever he speaks with us to bet on the long term. And that's exactly how you want to run a company. So thank you, Stu. And Alan, God help you. Thank you very much for joining us.
Alan Pickerill: Okay, thanks, everybody. A replay will be on the IR website shortly after we finish here. We thank you for your interest in Expedia, and we'll talk to you again next quarter.
Michael Adler: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude our conference for today. We thank you for your participation. And at this time, you may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-15 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Stu Hass  Investor Relations Dara Khosrowshahi  President, Chief Executive Officer Michael Adler  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Mark Mahaney  Citigroup Imran Khan  J.P. Morgan Justin Post  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Ingrid Chung  Goldman Sachs Ross Sandler  RBC Capital Markets Aaron Kessler  Kaufman Bros. Herman Leung  Duetsche Bank Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates James Cakmak  Sidoti & Co. Michael Olson  Piper Jaffray Scott Kessler  Standard and Poors Sandeep Aggarwal  Collins Stewart
Operator: Welcome to the Expedia, Incorporated fourth quarter 2009 conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to our host, Mr. Stu Hass.
Stu Hass: Good morning. Welcome to Expedia, Inc.s financial results conference call for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 209. Im joined on the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, Expedias CEO and President who is dialing in from our offices in London, and Michael Adler, our CFO. The following discussion, including responses to your questions reflects managements views as of today, February 11, 2010 only and we do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. As always, some of the statements made on todays call are forward-looking, typically preceded by words such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate or similar statements. Please refer to todays press release and the companys filings with the SEC for information about factors upon which we have based our financial expectations and that could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You will find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our earnings release which is posted on the companys IR website at expediainc.com/ir. I encourage you to periodically visit our IR site for important content including our updated investor presentation reflecting todays Q4 results. You may also have noticed we have changed the way we are distributing our earnings release. Rather than put the release out over the newswire, we are pointing people to our IR site where they can pull down the PDF version. You should expect us to continue this practice going forward. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense and technology and content expense excludes stock based compensation and all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2008. With that, let me turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi:  Thanks for everyone making time to join us this morning. Im happy to kick things off today with a couple of significant developments on the capital structure side of things. First, we closed on a new three year, $750 million revolver which affords us well over $1 billion of liquidity even at the seasonal low point in our cash cycle; and combined with our ongoing cash generation, this ensures more than adequate capital to address Expedias internal investment opportunities as well as value and bolt on acquisitions. Second, today were unveiling the companys first ever quarterly cash dividend which is part of Expedias ongoing commitment to return excess cash to our shareholders.  Turning to results, Q4 caps a successful year for the company. Expedia delivered 2009 free cash flow of nearly $600 million despite the worst economic conditions many of us have lived through, and despite us cutting over $150 million in gross annualized fee revenue. On the advertising side of the house, TripAdvisors growth accelerated to 29% on sustained traffic and quick growth as well as improved CBCs. Trip recently launched its business listings product, a line of hotels to directly merchandise their websites and its telephone numbers and email. And if youll forgive me on the shameless plug, first year listing subscriptions are starting as low as $300 through the end of February. Overall, our advertising businesses now constitute about 11% of our revenues, representing significant differentiator versus our competition as well as a growing hedge against media rate inflation. Expedias international businesses hit a record 41% of revenue in Q4 with Hotels.com now operating over 70 sites around the globe and our Expedia brand launching its 20th site in Mexico. Our travel planner Agencia meaningfully outpaced competitor growth in Q4 while adding nine additional countries through localized partnerships.  Looking forward in the first half of 2010, Expedia will open a new office in Switzerland that will serve as a global headquarters for our lodging supply group, both during Expedias presence in the heart of our most competitive battleground. In closing, Id like to comment on a frequent topic of investor discussion which is the notion of Expedia as a counter cyclical play. I want to reiterate that we are not concerned about our hotel inventory availability in an upturn. We made significant investments in PSG to ensure that we maintain industry leading access to inventory in all environments. As importantly, we have a history of doing well in our rising ADR environments. To illustrate, take a look at Page 10 of the updated investor deck on our IR site where youll see some of our strongest growth which came during peak ADR periods. And here in Q4 09 we delivered the best hotel revenue growth in nearly two years, despite an improving ADR environment. To be clear, were not seeing Expedia as a cyclical play either, but we are saying we demonstrated we can deliver growth in both downturns and upturns and we dont expect that to change going forward.
Michael Adler: Ill step through some Q4 analytics before covering 2010 expectations. First, revenue margin; Q4 revenue margin declined primarily due to our fee actions in the first half of the year. Q4s decline was greater than Q3s primarily due to airfares. Variances in fares meaningfully impact gross bookings, but have little impact on our revenues. Holding all else constant, had air fares declined as much year over year in Q4 as they did in Q3, our revenue margins would have actually decreased less than the 98 bips we experienced in Q3. As weve said before, we continue to think that once we lap the bulk of our fee cuts in Q3 2010, an assuming that air fares dont rise more than single digits, revenue margins will be flat to up in the back half of 2010. Q4 09s rev margin decline is a great illustration that rev margin by itself if not a particularly useful metric with which to evaluate Expedia as there are so many factors that can influence one quarters rev margin from product mix to FX to chain hotel to advertising mix, and on and on. Its our position that if we continue to drive meaningful revenue and cash flow growth, over the long term quarterly revenue margins gyrations arent terribly important and bear in mind the most important driver of rev margin over the long term is supplier margins which have been stable. Turning to OIBA margins, we drove 127 bips of leverage in Q4 due to continued efficiencies in products and marketing. To the downside, G&A and tech and content grew faster than revenue due to higher bonus accruals, depreciation from prior investments and higher legal fees and settlements with together made up roughly 70% of the total increase in these two expense categories combined. We expect to lever both G&A and tech and content in 2010 on more normalized comps and over the longer term. On taxes, our A&I rate was lower than anticipated primarily due to a reduction in some tax reserves. In addition, we began to see some modest improvement in our effective tax rate in late 2009 due to certain changes in our business structure which will continue in 2010, and we think these activities combined with the relative earnings growth in our international businesses should help decrease our effective cash tax rate by a few hundred basis points below our typical A&I rate of 38% to 39% in 2010 and beyond. Turning to 2010, although there is still significant uncertainty in the economy generally and travel specifically, we feel comfortable enough with the operational and financial improvements weve made in our businesses that we expect our 2010 OIBA growth rate to exceed our 9% growth in 2009. This assumes that FX rates dont vary markedly from what were seeing today. Before questions, some quick points on the first half of 2010. Keep in mind we ratcheted marketing spend down sharply in Q1 09 in response to the economic environment. In 2010, were returning to a much more typical seasonal spend pattern which means Q1 10 marketing spend will increase significantly from Q4 09, consistent with seasonality we observed in prior years. Therefore, we do expect to see selling and marketing grow in excess of revenue in Q1. In addition, were making some investments in cost of sales that we are confident will deliver leverage in the second half of the year, but that will require a ramp up of certain expenses leading to slight Cogs deleverage in the front half of the year. Lastly, we do expect to see full year free cash flow grow in line with or better than OIBA in 2010 with CapEx coming in around $100 million. With that, lets turn to Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Mark Mahaney  Citigroup.
Mark Mahaney  Citigroup: Could you give a little color on particularly international and European bookings and patterns that youre seeing there, your success in building out more hotel inventory and what kind of success youve also had in rolling out more of an agency model in Europe?
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as booking patterns, really Q4 was a pretty consistent quarter. The room night growth, air ticket growth that you saw for the quarter was fairly stable throughout the quarter. There wasnt any significant upward movements or downward movements there. The ADR environment certainly improved as the quarter went along. So ADRs got better and so from a revenue standpoint, the merchant hotel business looked better as the quarter proceeded and certainly in January, we think those ADR trends are continuing. So the ADR headwind that we had all of last year should be easing up on a go forward basis. As far as inventory on the European side, weve got about 16,000 agency hotels. We added 9,000 in Europe and we think were in a very good position from an inventory standpoint in 2010 to really start pushing more demand to the hotels from multiple channels, search engine optimization, SEM, brand channels, etc. So we think 09 was a good year for setting the infrastructure of the company etc. and gaining inventory, and we think in 2010 its time to execute and were pretty confident on where we are right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Imran Khan  J.P. Morgan.
Imran Khan  J.P. Morgan: It seems like sales and marketing as a percentage of revenue continues to remain low. Can you give some color how the CPC trending does for Q1. What do you expect? Do you expect to make additional investment in off line advertising or are you looking at advertising on sales force? And advertising and media revenue growth accelerated to 18% I believe. Could you talk a little bit about what kind of trends you are seeing both domestic and internationally?
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as sales and marketing, we are continuing to gain leverage and thats very good news. Its indicative of a couple of trends. One is we are getting much better at improving profitability on a channel basis and our data collection is better. I think the teams are more effective and so we are pushing out unprofitable spend and inefficient spend I think more effectively than we have in the past. CPC trends have been quite friendly to us since the beginning of the year although I do believe that the CPC trends are going to get a little more difficult as 2010 progresses. But they certainly for 2009 they have been quite positive. The other benefit that we saw on the marketing side is that we were able to cut brand spend because we decreased fees. Transaction growth was still very strong so the consumer value proposition of the product is better and we also have been able to shift some of our channels to cheaper channels, search engine again, search engine optimization, the email channels etc. have been pretty effective. We think the advertising comps going into 2010 are going to be a bit tougher. Certainly in Q1 we were very conservative on brand spend in Q1 09 and as we feel better about the business now and in 2010 we certainly do, we do think that its time to reinvest in the brand which is why well get some early marketing deleverage that Mike talked about. But in general, from a long term perspective, we think that we can manage our advertising and marketing costs generally in line with revenue. Although again, the market will determine that to some extent. We do have a great hedge and a great growth engine as far as TripAdvisor to add a Media business, really accelerated in Q4 and that was a reflection of very, very strong traffic growth at TripAdvisor, some new products that we are introducing, and also CPCs for TripAdvisor getting better on a relative basis. They were still down in Q4, but they were down less in Q4 than they had been early in the year and we think that 2010 is just going to be a great year for TripAdvisor.
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Post  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: You did say, I just want to make sure; OIBA will grow faster than 9% this year. Is that a reflection of just what youve been saying consistently that better environments are actually better for Expedia? And it looks like there was a little disappointment. It was U.S. revenues. Was there any abnormal pressure on U.S. hotel nights in the quarter and do you see any pressure from some of the problems in Southern Europe for international going forward?
Michael Adler: We did say that we expect OIBA growth in 2010 to grow faster than 9% and there is a number of things that go into that and Id point out that the comps will get more difficult for us on the top line for transactions as we comp the fee actions that began in Q1 09. We also as I think I indicated earlier will be a tough marketing comp earlier in the year as we return to the normal seasonality of that spend. We will get some COGs leverage in the second half of the year as opposed to the first half of the year. The flattening of AVR declines that weve seen will put a little bit less pressure on revenue per room night and to your question about the environment, we obviously expect some level of volume impact as the AVRs start to shift. But as we indicated on Daras comments, we expect to have strong inventory really in the environments. On the second question on whether theres any abnormal pressure on room nights, the answer is no. The room nights grew very similar levels in Q4 in the U.S. as they did in Q3 and similar to Q3, we did that in an environment where overall demand reported by Smith Travel was actually down so we continue to take a significant amount of share in this environment.
Dara Khosrowshahi: If you think about it on a merchant revenue growth standpoint, growing room night in a negative ADR environment provides a significant amount of profit pressure because there are other costs that come along with those increases; overhead costs, server costs, customer service costs, etc. Were getting back to an environment where we can grow room nights and we have either flat ADRs or rising ADRs from a profitability standpoint, its much friendlier to our P&L which to some extent, goes to the first question that you asked about our confidence in our OIBA growth and we think a balanced environment is good for us.
Justin Post  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: In the quarter was Europe better growth rate in hotel nights than U.S. and any abnormal pressure in Southern Europe going forward?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Really the U.S. and Europe, the growth was quite balanced, so not big swings one way or the other and it was a pretty consistent quarter. Southern Europe we worry about to some extent on the economic front, but I think its too soon to tell and we certainly think that weve got a lot of upside in the whole of Europe as far as just executing better on the improved inventory that we have.
Justin Post  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Does your guidance include the $20 million one time marketing expense?
Michael Adler: Yes, it does.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ingrid Chung  Goldman Sachs.
Ingrid Chung  Goldman Sachs: I was wondering if you could talk about the bookings window and whether youve seen it lengthen or not and if so, I was wondering if that negatively impacted your net revenue rate in the fourth quarter and could be a benefit in the first quarter?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Weve seen booking window lengthen slightly in kind of Q1ish. I wouldnt say that the lengthening was that significant in Q4 of 09. It is not back to 2008 levels yet. Lengthening booking window and you said, does hurt revenue margins so to speak, but really the difference between Q4 and Q3 revenue margins was all about air ticket prices and nothing else.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Ross Sandler  RBC Capital Markets.
Ross Sandler  RBC Capital Markets: A quick clarification on the revenue margin again. You stated that most of it was mix shift of air and then you mentioned in the prepared remarks or the press release the fee cuts. Can you talk about any other items that potentially impacted the revenue margin and how do those particular items change as we move into the first half before you anniversary the third quarter.
Michal Adler: On rev margin there was a slight mix shift in the air, but the item that we pointed out was actually air fares had been down minus 14% I think in Q3 but were only down minus 4% in Q4 and that actually ends up putting pressure on the revenue margins. We do expect air fares from this point on to be flattish to slightly up and that will continue to put some pressure on the air fares. We also have a number of items that we discussed last quarter that still apply. We began consolidating cruise ship centers I think at the end of Q2, and cruise ship centers has a much lower revenue margin, but actually has a higher OIBA margin. So its a very profitable business for us, but when you just look at the revenue margin, it does have a negative impact. We also are recording welcome rewards as a contra revenue and that is having an impact on the numbers as well. We are making some changes to that program that will improve the efficiency of that going forward, so well have less headwind from welcome rewards going forward. There is a chain hotel mix shift which is hard to predict how that will react moving forward. It really depends upon whos most aggressive on pricing.  And then one correction, air fare was actually down more in Q3 than Id indicated, down 18% versus the minus 4% in Q4.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think when you pull that all together, once we anniversary a lot of these factors that come through which is really in the second half of the year, we anticipate revenue margins being stable to up. Obviously the wild card in that is air ticket prices. If air ticket prices go up very significantly that will hurt revenue margins. If they go down, theyll help revenue margins, but thats really a wild card. That doesnt have that much to do with the revenue margins on a fundamental basis.
Michael Adler: Id point out one last thing, that in the first half of 2010 we expect rev margin on a year on year basis to be more similar to Q3.
Operator: Your next question comes from Aaron Kessler  Kaufman Bros.
Aaron Kessler  Kaufman Bros.: On the improvements on the rev part in the air rates, is it your sense that there is a more easy comps or are you starting to see acceleration or improvement in those rates? Also, can you give us a sense for Hotwire performance in the quarter?
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as rev part goes, we think its a combination of both. Comps were certainly easier and you would see our movement in ADR. In Q4 of last year we moved down a bit ahead of industry, so I think the comps for us were probably easier than industry comps as well. But the fundamentals we do think are getting a bit better especially on the business travel side. So when you look at Egencia for example, which is our business travel group, its really showing nice strength. Its a combination of same store sales getting better, businesses starting to travel again, and also very strong sales on the new account front. So Egencia revenue in Q4 was up 17% which is a pretty significant turn around from earlier in the year and thats fundamental strength as well as easy comps. So its really a combination of both. I wouldnt say that things are super, but its a heck of a lot better than last year and I think everyone is feeling more stable and its back to managing the business. As far as Hotwires performance, it continues to perform very, very well. We are seeing a little bit of weakness on the part side as fleets are lower. A lower percentage of our sales on the opaque front, and opaque is an incredible deal for consumers and as a result the more opaque we sell, the better for Hotwire. And of course the Toyota recall in this first quarter hasnt helped any because it brings down fleet sizes. It will help on the pricing front but wont help on the volume front. On the hotel side, Hotwire continues to be very, very strong, room nights up over 30%. So on balance we think Hotwire is good. The car size is going to be a little bit difficult in 09 and in 2010.
Operator: Your next question comes from Herman Leung  Duetsche Bank.
Herman Leung  Duetsche Bank: Youve been seeing very strong air volume continuously obviously impacting the revenue margin a little bit, but on the concession side, what are you expecting from override commissions in the first half for this year considering that the ramp up in the air transactions have gone up very significantly. Second, could you give us a sense of your early take aways on the new campaign that you ran and some of the new tools that were introduced on the website including the hotel booking with the new pricing structure that you have. And then can you give us an update on package transactions and how they did both in Europe and the domestic regions?
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as air volume goes and override payments, in general we have structured our various deals so that our revenue goes up or down 80% based on air volume and probably 20% based on air gross bookings. In other words, higher prices bringing in higher commissions for us. So other than the fee cuts which were a negative as far as revenue on the air side, we dont expect to see very significant changes in air revenue for tickets. Overall revenue on a go forward basis and certainly in 2010 is going to improve because of the lapping of the fee cuts. So we feel pretty good about where the air business is and certainly air revenue looks much better in 2010 than its been for awhile. As far as the new campaign for Expedia, I think its a bit too soon to tell. Its where you book matters campaign. Were seeing searches for Expedia on Google up significantly. Were seeing those searches out index the searches we see from the competition, but I think its really early.  I think the campaign is not as much of a price promotion campaign as we have had it in the past. Its been more of a campaign of here are the many, many things that Expedia can do for you and we think that is a campaign that we can work with and build over a long period of time. So I think its too soon to tell but were pleased with what were seeing. Its also a campaign we can take international so were taking that campaign for example, were running spots in Scandinavia, etc. So I think so far so good, but well be able to tell you the story in a couple of quarters. On the package side, Mike you want to talk through that?
Michael Adler: On packages we saw a 33% transaction growth in the quarter and thats an acceleration from Q3 09. On the revenue side, we saw revenue increase of 16%. Theres obviously a large difference between the transaction rates and the revenue rates and that is being impacted in large part by hotel pricing. In terms of international versus domestic, we saw pretty good growth in both the U.S. and in Europe on packages in the quarter.
Dana Khosrowshahi: I think package revenue going forward, a significant component to package transaction revenue inventory that comes in, and that can be unpredictable on a seasonal basis, but were certainly encouraged by the strength that we saw in Q4.
Herman Leung  Duetsche Bank: On the European side, can you give us an update on the in-house SEM and SEO efforts and when we should start to see some of that kick in? Could we expect some more monetization in the back half of 2010?
Dara Khosrowshahi: You can certainly see the effect of the SEO efforts in both transaction growth and marketing efficiencies. One of the significant reasons why we are seeing marketing efficiencies is because a higher percentage of our transactions are coming through from the SEO channel. One the SEM front step one, and I think it was quite an effective step was to get rid of inefficient spend. And again, that helped marketing efficiency in 2009 and step two is really going to be to try to grow revenue through the SEM channel, bid on more key words, bid on more geographies, bid on more languages, etc., and I think you will see that roll through in 2010.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates: Could you talk about what effect you expect on the shift in FX to have on the first quarter compared with the fourth, and also explain whats happening in agency bottom line. Could you also talk to agency? I think gross bookings were up 25% but revenue was down 1%.
Michael Adler: On FX in Q4 we saw an extremely large impact on our business on FX and primarily due to last year we had a very large book to stay loss. There was a 20% increase last quarter in the U.S. dollar versus the pound, so the dollar strengthened. If you actually look at the full year, you will see that the impact was much more moderate. So that in some ways kind of adjusts for the severity of the Q4 move. In terms of Q1, we would expect a lesser impact from FX. The relative differences in rates is not as large. Q1 10 as compared to Q1 09, as compared to Q4 09 to Q4 08, so we will actually expect perhaps some modest upside in Q1 from FX but nowhere near along the lines that we saw in Q4.
Dara Khosrowshahi: On the agency, its simply a function or air fees. So our taking out the fees affect our air business or air booking fees, and as a result revenue did not increase nearly as much as gross bookings. Going into, Ill remind folks that we cut air booking fees on Expedia on March 11, so we would expect Q2 through Q4 gross bookings and revenue to move closer together mitigated either by movements up or down of air ticket prices. If air tickets go up, gross bookings will tend to go up faster than revenue and the opposite is true if air ticket prices go down. Our gross bookings on an agency basis will tend to trail revenue. Revenue will look stronger.
Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates: And the broad question is, Travel Port announced that theyre not doing an IPO and I was wondering if you could talk about generally what trend do you see in how Expedia and others would deal with GDSs or eliminate them going forward and what this might mean in terms of the bottom line?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I was reading the news as you were I suspect so I dont have a lot of insight as to specifically why Travel Port pulled their IPO. I will say that in general, we do work with the GDSs. Theyre partners of ours and at least for the foreseeable future, unless things change, unless the nature of the industry changes, we think were going to keep working with GDSs. Our technology folks, I think where we add value is the consumer value proposition, building a better service, working our own infrastructure. Were not particularly good in air connectivity. Were good in hotel connectivity, but not particularly good in air connectivity. We dont consider it a core function, so we will look to continue to work with our GDS partners and today, were working with Sabre, and were working with Travel Port as well so that were diversified in our base and were not dependant on any one players. So thats really all I can comment on as far as Travel Port and what theyre doing.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Cakmak  Sidoti & Co.
James Cakmak Sidoti & Co.: You mentioned you think that youre gaining share here, you gained share in 209. I was wondering if you could provide some insight into where feel you are gaining that share and where you expect that to trend going forward? And as far as the new dividend is concerned, can you take us through the process of putting that dividend policy in place and your overall view of potential M&A activity here in 2010.
Dara Khosrowshahi: On a share basis, its bit difficult to tell where were gaining share because were fairly early in reporting amongst OTAs. I think if you compare our room night growth, the industry room night growth, it is up significantly. Our room night share in the U.S. is up 50% over the past two years and we know were selling many more rooms. Where is it coming from? We think its probably coming from offline travel agencies and we think that we are winning share amongst online travel agencies as well. But other than that, its difficult to tell where its coming from. Specifically in Q4 for example, in the U.S. we grew room nights 23% and based on Smith Travel Research rooms sold or demand in Q4 was down 1%. So we know were gaining share, and in general, as long as were gaining share, were happy and thats our job and thats something that we feel that we can execute on going forward. Were certainly gaining share on the air side as well. Fees help and we think as long as we keep building a great consumer value proposition, and I think in 2009 we made huge strides in improving our consumer value proposition, we think were just going to be just fine on a go forward basis. You put that together with some of the royalty programs and just better execution across the board, we fell pretty good about our share prospects on a go forward basis. As far as dividends go, really the thinking was pretty simple. We told you and our investors for some time that to the extent that we had excess capital, we would start to return it to our shareholders. One of the issues that we wanted to take care of was the renewal of our revolver. Our revolver was up I believe in August of this year. We renewed it at $750 million over three years. We have over $600 million of cash in the books. The first half of the year we are going to see very significant cash flows coming in and we think free cash flow growth in 2010 is going to be very healthy, higher than OIBA growth, so we expect to have a fair amount of excess capital in 2010. So we thought the dividend was a start of giving it back to our shareholders. Its a start. Its not the finish and our goal over the long term is to maximize shareholder value and that will be through dividends. It will be through acquisitions. It will be through buy backs and allotting the capital to the best part of that and in the long term we want to make our shareholders do well. All of this is going to be in keeping with investment grade and weve had some really good news along that because liquidity, the fundamental liquidity of the company is pretty important to us. So we think this is just a start.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Olson  Piper Jaffray.
Michael Olson  Piper Jaffray: As far as improving hotel inventory in Europe would you be willing to share any metrics on just what hotel inventory growth has been in Europe versus Q4 of last year, just something to put some parameters around the inventory growth. And what would you say is the geography outside of Europe that youre most focused on and can you share that?
Dara Khosrowshahi: We have not talked specifically about inventory growth in Europe. What we have shared is that agency inventory, weve got 15,000 agency hotels available now and the vast majority of those are in Europe, so other than that, were not going to share specifically where our inventory is. Overall on a merchant basis, we added 22% to our hotel count and obviously we have the 15,000 agency hotels. So were pretty happy about that. And now weve got to get on to the business of selling them and making sure our inventory quality is high and also acquiring more hotels where appropriate. As far as Europe goes and targeting Europe, Id say southern Europe, Spain is a target for us. We think that in general our penetration relative to the market is a bit low and eastern Europe is a very big growth opportunity for us so we are continuing to acquire hotel inventory in eastern Europe and all across Europe. Our anticipation is that for 2010 were going to add another 9,000 to 10,000 agency hotels in Europe, so its pretty consistent growth across the board.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Kessler  Standard and Poors.
Scott Kessler  Standard and Poors: Two questions on the corporate transactional front; the first is obviously there was the discussion about Travel Port and IPO not happening. Maybe it will. Would you ever consider taking TripAdvisor public and what are some of the things that we should think about in the context of your consideration of that? And in addition, you obviously have become a little bit more active on the M&A front in Asia and I was wondering how you think about that in the context of building your business in that part of the world.
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as taking Trip public, well be opportunistic. I think that Trip, Id say the fundamental reason to take TripAdvisor public is if it is suffering as a result of being inside of Expedia and right now what I would argue is it isnt. Trip is operated very much on an independent basis. Steve and his team are running Trip as they would essentially a stand alone business. It has friends at Expedia which it knows that Expedia and Hotels.com and Hotwire are buyers of its advertising all the time and essential make a market, and it can very aggressively sell to third parties and it does. And frankly, Steven and their team dont have to be distracted by calls like this. They can worry about executing and theyre executing incredibly effectively and I think that the opportunity maybe at Trip is greater than it ever has been. So for now, as long as Trip is executing well, I think it will remain inside the company. And as far as valuation issues and is Trip being valued at a high enough multiple, my experience in looking at companies being spun off is that the market is pretty smart. And whenever people spin off subsidiaries and they think that magically all of a sudden multiples are going to change, lo and behold they dont, and there is a reason why the market is valuing a company at that particular valuation. I think multiple changes based on long term performance and were hoping that our long term performance proves that the market is under valuing the stock at least from a short term perspective. And it will be up to us now to take advantage of short term market back and forth. We dont think the spin off is the solution at least near term. So thats a long winded way of saying as long as TripAdvisor continues to execute, and I think its going to continue to execute, were very happy where it is. The second issue for Trip just being inside the company is it provides us a great hedge against our most significant expense. Our biggest expense is sales and marketing. To some extent it is the least under our control. Were really happy about where G&A is and where it is going forward and cost of goods are where theyre going forward.  Sales and marketing are based on external conditions and TripAdvisor provides us a terrific hedge. The revenue that we get from Trip is over 50% of the CPM and CBC marketing costs that we a have. So we love having Trip inside here and we would be very happy and expect it to only increase as a percentage of the company as a whole. As far as M&As goes, we think its a great opportunity. Weve been focused on, first weve gone into the market so we know who the best players are. We will tend to put small money against acquisitions in areas like Asia because they are high return/high risk. We dont want to bet the farm and were very happy with our newest addition in China on the Medisearch front and were going to invest in an appropriate basis. So well look in Asia but to the extent that we make bets, theyre going to be smaller bets because again, there is a fair amount of uncertainty there along with the potential that comes with it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sandeep Aggarwal  Collins Stewart.
Sandeep Aggarwal  Collins Stewart: What percentage of your air bookings are done by phone and what kind of changes are you seeing in the customer behavior by elimination of the fees and comment on how that impact would be in 2010 because of the elimination of the phone fees.
Dara Khosrowshahi: We dont disclose the percentage of air over the phone specifically but Mike do you want to talk about the elimination of fees?
Michael Adler: We again will start lapping the elimination of fees in the U.S. towards the end of Q1 and then we have made a number of other reductions around the world. So we do expect more significant air ticket growth year on year in the first half of the year, particularly in Q1 and Q2. As Dara indicated earlier our economics on air have been stable absent the fee, and so we will expect, all things being equal, we would expect to return to some growth in air revenue next year, again post Q1 would be our most difficult comp or Q1 I should say our most difficult comp. So we will probably have a very modest increase in air revenue. On the question about air bookings by phone, perhaps its precipitated by our removal of the booking fee by phone, and I believe were the only online travel agency not to charge a fee for booking on the phone. So we think that makes us very customer friendly. But we dont think its going to be nearly as meaningful as the reduction/elimination that we made on the online fee as the very large bulk of our tickets are booked online. But again, as Dara said, we dont provide that exact detail.
Dara Khosrowshahi: In general, strategically we view the phone as a strategic channel. Its a bigger channel on the hotel side than it is on the air side. Conversion rates on the phone are quite good, and we are making some really important investments as far as technology, phone technology so that our customer service improves. Our customer service levels improve, we can hopefully drive conversion and youll see some of those costs come in the first half of the year but we think on a cost of sales side especially in the second half of the year, were going to have very good news. I think thats the last question. Thank you for joining us. Michael is there anything you need to add?
Michael Adler: I would also thank listeners and just remind them a replay will be available on the IR website shortly after the completion of the call.
Dara Khosrowshahi: To the Expedia employees, thanks for a strong 09 and looking forward to 10. Thank you.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-29 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Stu Haas - Investor Relations Dara Khosrowshahi - Chief Executive Officer Michael B. Adler - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Imran Khan - JP Morgan Doughlas Anmuth - Barclays Capital Aaron Kessler - Kaufman Bros. Justin Post - BAS-ML Mark Mahaney - Citi Michael Olsen - Piper Jaffray Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Herman Leung - Deutsche Bank James Cakmak - Sidoti and Company
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Expedia's Third Quarter 2009 Conference Call on the 29th of October 2009. Throughout today's recorded presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. (Operator Instructions). I will hand now the conference over to Stu Hass. Please go ahead sir.
Stu Haas: Good morning. And welcome to Expedia Inc. financial results conference call for the third quarter ended September 30th, 2009. I'm pleased to be joined in the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, Expedia's CEO and President and Michael Adler, our CFO. The following discussion including responses to your questions, reflects management views as of today October 29th, 2009 only. And we do not undertake any obligation to update or revive this information. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking, typically proceeded by words, such as we expect, we believe, we anticipate or similar statement. Please refer to today's press release and the companies filing with SEC for information about factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. You will find reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures discussed today in our press release which is posted on the companies IR website at www.expediainc.com/IR. I encourage you to periodically visit the IR site for important content including our updated investor presentation reflecting today's results. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense and technology and content expense exclude stock based compensation. And all comparisons in this call will be again fair results for the comparable period of 2008. And with that, let me turn the call to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks Stu and good morning everyone. Expedia's global employees delivered another quarter of accelerating transaction volumes with 27% growth in both air tickets and hotel nights. The biggest difference from last quarter is been in Q3. Our volume growth are strong enough to drive positive growth in both bookings and revenue which combined with continued expense leverage drove 11% growth in OIBA and 23% growth in adjusted earnings per share. Expedia's overall strategy remained simple. We focused on improving our traveler value proposition and we are moving barriers to purchase. We made further progress here during Q3 by broadening our fee reductions to many international points-of-sale and eliminating most of our worldwide change and cancel fees. We've continued improving our industry leading supply footprint which at quarter end, included over 110,000 global hotels with a record pricing and discounting comparing favorably versus our OTA competition. And we continued investing and building travel, traveler royalty with hotel.com's welcome rewards, program generating nice repeat and share of wallet momentum. Expedia also continues to generate meaningful cash flows. In fact, in today's release, you'll see year-to-date free cash flow grew over $100 million despite 14% debt in ADRs, data play, occupancy tax payments and other challenges. So, natural question for investors to ask is what does the company intend to do with its substantial cash flows? Well, our answer to that question really hasn't changed much. We'll continue to judiciously deploy capital back into our business for growth in high return areas like hotel and media. And we use capital opportunistically for talk in acquisitions such as a recent agreement to acquire a leading Chinese metaplayer Kuxun. Lastly, what we have excess capital cash flows and we do expect to generate extra cash, we tend to return that capital to shareholders through repurchases or perhaps dividends in amounts consistent with our investment grade financial policy and liquidity. In closing, Expedia had a good quarter. It didn't come easy as there was a ton of hard work behind the scenes in delivering these results today. But I know, I speak for everyone on the team when I say we're more focused on what lies ahead for Expedia than behind. On that score, we know 2010 will present much tougher comps on both revenue and expense fronts particularly in the back half of the year. Its unlikely we'll benefit elasticity lines from another year double digit AVR, ATP declines. Meaning monthly, we'll have to carry much more of the demand burden. And beginning in the second quarter will last to aggressive fee actions that we've taken. These clearly altered our transaction trajectory. But we know of the next wave of travel first advances will be hard yards by comparison, delivering more incremental progress than the sea change that we saw our fleets. But as I always say, we're more than up for the challenge and we look forward to sharing our progress in quarter to come. With that, I'll turn things over to Mike.
Michael B. Adler: Thanks Dara. Once again, unit growth this quarter was fairly strong across our brands. hotel.com room night in Europe, APAC in Latin America grew roughly 40 % for the second straight quarter, surpassing the 2 million mark for the first time. Hotwire continues to do well in this economy with room nights up over 45%. And Egencia facing perhaps the weakest corporate travel market in history had it's first quarter, a positive transaction growth in four quarters, a testament to their progress on the new account front. Well, I think our results were generally positive, investors may be curious as to the decline in revenue margin after several quarters of increase. Drivers of the Q3 decline include a full quarter of hotel fee reductions, the elimination of many changed cancelled fees, the contra revenue impact of our welcome rewards loyalty program, a shift towards lower margin chain hotels and the inclusion of lower margin agency bookings from cruise ship centers which we began consolidating in late Q2. Obviously, based on these drivers, we would expect to see continued pressure on rev margins until we lap some of these impacts. But I would also emphasize we're not optimizing for margin but rather OIBA and free cash flows. And we believe all such factors I mentioned are accretive to both. It should benefit shareholders over the longer term. Before turning to expectations, I want to cover one area we're getting a lot of questions on. And that relates to wholesale inventory availability and how Expedia might fair in a more favorable ADR environment. Its no secret that Expedia and online travel agencies more broadly have benefited from increased inventory and promotions during this downturn. Our domestic room night growth of 24% in Q3 compares very favorably to Smith travels 5% decline in rooms sold. We certainly expect to work hard to keep that share but realistically and on the margin, we expect to eventually enjoy less overall promotional inventory. But here are some things that will work in our favor. First, Expedia has dramatically improved the share volume of hotel inventory on our sides since the last time we emerged from a recession. In fact, in late 2001, on the heels of 9/11, expedia.com had just 5000 Merchant hotel properties. Today, we have many multiples of that count. That means we have a much wider selection of partners across geographies and star classes. Second, we are in very early stages of our agency hotel strategy, with focus on Europe and select APAC markets. It will take us a while to recruit and probably merchandise these hotels. Frankly, probably longer than most investors currently expect but once we begin gaining traction in these markets, we believe this will be mostly incremental business for Expedia, positively impacting hotel volumes. Third, I would encourage investors not to underestimate the differentiating value, our PSG market managers provide to Merchant hotels in our portfolio. We know these hotels relay heavily on the market insight and revenue management services that are end destination teams offer. And we certainly don't expect that value to diminish in an up turn. And keep in mind, even in good times, average hotel occupancy rates run around 65%. That leaves a lot of supply to be matched with the industries leading online demand channel. And lastly, we would say the same thing related to an upswing that we set ahead of the downturn which is why we feel that counter cyclical elements to our model, having a positive demand environment -- demand environment is a good thing for Expedia which combined with our improved value proposition, search engine marketing and search engine optimization efforts and better side experience should help drive transaction growth at a time when AVR growth is likely to improve. Putting all together on hotel inventory, the fact is we really haven't been through enough cycles to provide investors with a lot of conclusive quantitative guidance. What we do know is that they're going to be puts and takes in every economic environment and we're focused on building a company to execute as well as possible in all of them. Turning to financial expectations, results through Q3 are certainly better than we had anticipated coming into the year. So, borrowing any meaningful change in the economic environment in Q4, severe H1N1 outbreaks where a sharp reversal in FX rate trends. We expect to deliver high single digit, growth in full year OIBA and even including approximately $50 million in pay-to-play payments to San Francisco, we expect to grow full year free cash flow, well ahead of our OIBA growth rate. We do expect OIBA margin expansion again in Q4 but it will mostly come from year-on-year benefit and cost of sales. With little if any leverage on the marketing client, as we lap a Q4 08 where we dramatically pulled back on spend in light of the weakening and uncertain demand environment. Check in content and G&A spend will grow again in Q4. And likely at higher rates than what we've seen here today. And part due to a tougher bonus comp in light of our improved results and higher legal fees. With that let's turn to Q&A. Operator would you please remind listeners how to ask a question?
Operator: Thank you sir. (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from Imran Khan. Please state your company followed by your question.
Imran Khan - JP Morgan: Yes. Hi, it's Imran Khan from JP Morgan. Thank you for taking my questions. Dara, two questions. First starting with. But there's some press report about your discussions with Choice hotel and how best Western might do the same thing regarding the last room availability and that three year term with no exit cost? Could you give us some color what kind of discussions you are having with those hotels? And how comfortable you are having those inventories? And secondly, with regards to booking sale elimination, I think in the past, you talked about that air bookings elimination will cost you $3 million or so, monthly. Can you give us some update on that number? Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks Imran. As far as the discussions that we've had with Choice, we are not doing business with Choice right now on a chain basis. We don't have a vast majority of Choice hotels on our side. I don't want to get into the particulars of let say negotiations and discussions that we've had for Choice other than to say. First of all, our primary goal is to have the broadest, deepest set and highest quality set of inventory for the benefit of our customers. And this doesn't signal any kind of change in our overall philosophy as far as how we work with our hotel partners and what we're looking at. It's not really an issue of economics; it's more than issue of our wanting rate parity and inventory parity for our customers. When our customers come to Expedia, we want them to know them to know that they're getting the best prices and certainly, we are insistent on that. And to the extent that Choice doesn't want to work under those terms. We won't be doing business with each other. Those are the terms that we work with our others strategic partners, they're comfortable where they were comfortable with it. So, its nothing usual from what I would say is typical practice for us in most of our other OTA competitors so to speak. The good news for us and kind of for Expedia shareholders is that when we look at the recapture analysis, when we look at our bookings in Choice, markets versus or markets where we have Choice presence versus markets where Choice doesn't have much of a presence, it looks like we're recapturing the vast majority of the bookings. So, as far as the financial impact for us, it is minimum to none. And hopefully, we can get to a place where we can or put Choice on go forward basis. But right now, really is not a big deal. As far as Best Westerns goes, we don't have a chain deal with Best Westerns. We work with Best Westerns on a independent basis and everything that I know and talking to our market managers, their relationship with those hotel are great. And hopefully, we'll continue to do, walk the business with them as we continued to do through out the business with our other strategic partners. As far as booking fee elimination Imran, I think no real change -- the volume impact of the booking fees has probably been above our expectations. So if you look at the 3 million a month maybe, it's a bit, touch better than that. We have essentially taken any benefit there and rolled it into call it funding, booking fees around the world. So, we've taken booking fees out of Canada, Italy, Germany, New Zealand and Australia and we are rolling the factor where that wasn't necessarily an assumption that we had made in the second quarter. So that will continue to effect margins on a go forward basis but we think it will also add to more transactions, a better customer experience and we think long-term, it's a worthwhile investment.
Imran Khan - JP Morgan: Got it. Thank you Dara. I appreciate that.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Your welcome.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Dough Anmuth. Please state your company name, followed by your question.
Doughlas Anmuth - Barclays Capital: Barclays Capital. And thanks for taking the question. Two things, first, can you talk about your progress with Easy Manage in Europe, in terms of your signing up hotels in the agency model. And how some of them are moving over potentially from the Merchant side. And then, secondly, Mike, maybe you can talk about the revenue margin going forward. Is this an appropriate level to think about? It feels like some of the factors that you mentioned or more things that are sort of sustainable, probably more than one time things. Your comment on that. Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks Dough. As far as the Easy Manage programs goes we're quite satisfied with the sign of process right now with Easy Manage properties. The hotels that we're going to like the product, it's pretty simple. And for the year-to-date, we have signed approximately 6500 hotels in the European region to sign up for Easy Manage terms. The hard work now it's kind of after the sign up's loading them on to the site, making sure that content is correct, making sure content is in multiple languages and then starting to push demand out to those hotels. So I think we are kind of in stage 1 as far as sign ups and getting them on to the site. And we think their production or significant production will be delayed by couple of quarters. I won't expect to call it material production from Easy Manage, from an Expedia standpoint although, there'll be material production in smaller markets etcetera until kind of next year. And I think the production will increase as we roll along. Keep in mind that most of the Easy Manage properties are in smaller market secondary, tertiary markets or their smaller hotels by nature. So, signing up one Easy Manage property is probably not equal to signing up one Merchant property. So, the property counts are going to have to go quite high in order for this to have a significant effect on the kind of the revenues coming in. And I think Mike, you were going to talk about --
Michael Adler: Yeah. So, on revenue margin, there is always a lot going on there. I would say that the largest factor in the reduction of revenue margin of the quarter is the reduction in service and booking fees which we've done on most of our larger sites. So, we will anniversary that, going forward. So that will stabilize. And then we have a year-on-year change. Really, last year, our royalty program at hotels.com was much smaller and that is recorded as contra revenue as opposed to sales and marketing expense. So we will lap that as well. I might also know, Cruise Ship Center is now in our figures, on consolidated basis and previously they've not been in. And that is somewhat of a lower margin business and actually accounted for about 20-25% of the degradation. So again, we expect most of these things to lap. One of the things that did drive it down a bit this quarter is the higher mix impact of strategic and chain hotels. And that will bounce around a bit but in closing, I'd say that the supplier, the supplier margin themselves are stable, are stable to improving. And the reductions in the revenue margin after the most from actions that we've taken and understood their impact in advance and have as Dara said, with respect to the fee reductions that we feel good about for the long-term of the business.
Doughlas Anmuth - Barclays Capital: Okay, great. Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks Dough.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Aaron Kessler. Please state company name, followed by your question.
Aaron Kessler - Kaufman Bros.: Great. Kaufman Brothers and couple of questions. First, I know you gave us the hotel idea, I expect you can give us an update on that. And then in terms of your strong booking's growth, it just sense that a share shift may be came more from the supplier or you think you took some OTA shares well. And then, one follow up question.
Dara Khosrowshahi: You want to talk about -- Michael talked about hotel ADRs and I'll talk about share.
Michael Adler: Yeah, on hotel ADRs, we saw a decline I believe of 14% in the quarter. And that is down from what we have seen in the last couple of quarters, split between domestic and international and not really much to say, very similar in trend. I will say that as we advanced through the quarter, the ADR year-on-year difference began to improve because our comp gets easier. And ADR is really started to drop sharply in the latter half of the quarter last year. And so, the comp still get easier, doesn't necessarily mean that our ADR is actually changed and we pretty much saw somewhat steady ADRs throughout the quarter. But again, with the comp getting easier, it looks better at the end of the quarter and that actually helps us on the revenue line as well.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Go ahead Aaron. Why don't you ask the follow-up and I want to...
Aaron Kessler - Kaufman Bros.: Yeah. On the acquisitions, it's looks like you anniversary most of your acquisitions in Q3 of January. Is there -- can you give a sense for how much acquisitions would be in the Q4 numbers? On a percent basis?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think it'll be pretty minor. Correct me if I'm wrong, I think that there's cruise ships standard which was a kind of cruise based company that we consolidated starting, I think the very end of Q2. So the fact that you will see with Cruise Ship Centers is that their revenue margins are significantly less than the revenue margins of the whole company. And for example, just for Q3, we saw 100 million of gross bookings coming in with 2 million of revenue, just to give you a sense of that size. So, that will change kind of the revenue margin mix and I would again stress on what Mike said which I think was important issue on revenue margin is that as we're renegotiating with our suppliers, most of the margins are stable to improving. So from a fundamental basis, most of the shift that you see in revenue margins are actions that we're taking on the consumer side for the mix shifts. They're not anything having to do with the fundamental kind of business model so to speak.
Aaron Kessler - Kaufman Bros.: Great, thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And then, Aaron as far as your other question on share, gross booking on where we taking it, I think that in listening to some of the Airline calls, it doesn't -- it looks like Air traffic to direct sites and their booking from Airline web directs site continue to be quiet strong. And OTA category I think is strong as a category. So, I think that my instinct is that most of the share that we're taking on the Air side is from offline travel agencies, traditional travel agencies etcetera that don't have call it the balance sheets that we do and the flexibility that we do as far as being able to charge less fees and improving the consumer value proposition. On the hotel side, my guess is that we're gaining share, both from offline and some of the online players but data there is more difficult to pass through. Occupancies were down in the U.S. and our room nights were up very, very significantly. So, I think it's a broad share gain, it doesn't but in terms of whom we're taking share from specifically, we just don't know.
Aaron Kessler - Kaufman Bros.: Great. Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ingrid Chang. Please state your come followed by your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. It's actually Jordan on for Ingrid, from Goldman Sachs. Just two quick questions, one on Air volumes. Just wandering why your volumes accelerated so sharply relative to hotel in 2Q versus 3Q? Was that -- it looks like that was partly comps but was there anything else going on there? And then, to what extent was that international versus domestic?
Michael Adler: Okay. So on Air volumes, Air is continuing to benefit from the fee cuts that we have implemented. And there were additional cuts introduced in Q3. And as Dara noted, we extended the fee reductions on Air to Canada, Germany, Italy, Australia and New Zealand. And so that helped accelerate the international growth. But most of the volume growth nonetheless is driven by e.com which is our largest Air point of sale.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Justin Post. Please state your company name followed by your question.
Justin Post - BAS-ML: Thank you. Banc of America/Merrill Lynch. Could you talk a little bit about how the revenue per unit pressure. We know all the things that are going on. As you look out to next year, you issued sometime more cautious statements on your unit growth. May be you could go through those again. And then, way we think revenues per unit can become kind of more flattish as you get out to the second half of next year, on potential AVDR stabilizing and some of your fee things. I mean is something that could happen by the second half of next year?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Think Justin, right now, we're it's very difficult to have, call it real visibility into 2010. This is a pretty darn volatile market and that has not changed. When we talk to our hotel partners in particular, I think most think that overall, ADRs will be down slightly going into next year. But in general, think that the leisure segment will be stronger than the business segment which is something that we've seen pretty consistently from kind of call it the Smith Travel result on that come out of the industry. Weekday occupancies and ADRs in general have been pretty consistently stronger than, I'm sorry. Weekend has been stronger than week days. It is very difficult to find out visibility going into next year. My guess is that we're basically planning for ADR's being flat to down slightly but I think it's anyone best guess after what happens. And in general, I think our unit volume in ADR's are do kind of move against each other. I would expect that to the extent that we get strength in ADR's. That'll put some pressure on our unit volume to the extent that ADR's are lying weak, we think your unit volume will be stronger. So, to some extent, we're hedged as an entity. And I think if we keep focusing or what we're focusing on which is to increase the traveler proposition, value proposition becoming better product, we're going to do fine either in the weak ADR market or strong ADR markets. For Mike statements, ADR comps do get easier in Q4 and certainly, I would expect ADR comps in next year to be a lot easier than they happen this year. So, I say we're cautiously optimistic but more cautious than anything else.
Justin Post - BAS-ML: Okay. And then, two quick follow-ups. Can you give us any visibility on Air as a percentage of your total revenues or bookings? Anything you can breakout there versus hotel? And then you said Hotwire was up 45% this quarter. Can you remind when it was up last quarter? Thank you.
Michael Adler: Yes. So, on Air side, Air represented 12% of our total revenue in the quarter.
Justin Post - BAS-ML: Right. Thank you.
Michael Adler: And on Hotwire, we're grabbing the number.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think in general, on the hotel side, I'd say it's probably similar to last quarter's number maybe up, slightly. But that's a guess. We'll get back to you later on that. I would add on Air. My guess is that Air is going continue turning down.
Justin Post - BAS-ML: Is that
Dara Khosrowshahi: That percentage of revenue
Michael Adler: That is down for
Dara Khosrowshahi: But we're looking forward. It going to, should keep going down unless something unexpected happens. And we'll get back to you on Hotwire..
Justin Post - BAS-ML: Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. Next question.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Mark Mahaney. Please go ahead sir.
Mark Mahaney - Citi: Thanks. If I could quickly throw out a couple of questions. In terms of the revenue margin, it was that revenue margin decline kind of a full quarter impact or would there have been some of the steps like Cruise Ship Centers that would have occurred later in the quarter? That mean that normalized year-over-year decline in the rev margins could be a little greater in Q4? Secondly, just to clarify on a Cruise Ship Centers impact, is that -- did you say 20 to 25 bits of the degradation was due to that? Third, could you talk about little bit about optimal capital structure. Since are you and this company has been very consistent about what is done with cash pass when it's been in excess. You've done a lot of share buybacks. And I think you've had certain optimal capital structures in the pass. Any changes in your thought? On your thought on this? Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Well Mark. Mike, you want to talk about..
Michael Adler: I'll talk rev margin but I'll go back to the Hotwire question. And in Hotwire, the increase was 36% in Q2. So on revenue margin, I would say it represents substantially the full quarter impacts, the e.com and ace.com fee changes for the most part impacts at the full quarter. Some of the international points of sale actions were not made with a full quarters worth of impacts. So there will be a little bit of that rolling into Q4. CSC, I did say that of the 98 debt drop in Q3, 20 bits of that approximately was due to CSC. And that represents a full quarter.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And Mark, as far as capital structure goes, we do place a higher premium on liquidity obviously, based on the events that we've all been through. I don't think we need to explain why. A significant portion of our liquidity is not only cash but it's a bank revolver that we have in place now, a billion dollars bank revolver which expires Mike, correct me if I'm wrong in August of next year.
Michael Adler: Correct.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Now, I don't think we're going for a billion dollars again cause I don't think we need a billion dollars based on the cash flow generation and the balance sheet that we have now. We got a billion when we spun off from IC and our balance sheet is substantially stronger now then, then it was at the time of the spin off, due to the good work of a lot of people here. So, one of the issues that we're going to look at is the revolver and the renewal there. And until we're confident that we're going to renew -- and I've got to tell you, we're pretty confident that we're going to renew. But until the renewal happens, I think we'll be fairly conservative from having, from a cash standpoint having a nice big cash cushion. Generally, we want to make sure we got plenty of liquidity in the range of 750 million to over $1 billion of capital available at anytime, just in case. We would like to have some capital available for opportunistic acquisitions and excess capital above that is capital that we will look to return to share holders, kind of in due time. And we've done in past through buybacks, we'll look at dividends because we got very good and stable cash flows. But over time, I think you can expect us to return that capital and we're having the luxury know of thinking about that frankly, for the first time and we'll be responsible with the cash.
Mark Mahaney - Citi: And if I could ask one final quick question to Mike. You made a comment earlier about the international agency hotel properties building out may be a little slower than investors had expected. Are there structural issues there? Is it just the execution in terms of feed on the street or getting more hotels just takes longer or do you see something bigger, there is an obstacle.
Michael Adler: No. I'd say there's nothing big as an obstacle. It really is the hard work of the execution behind bringing those properties, bringing properties up and into the system. And I would say that also, the size of our preexisting base is so big that also, it will take sometime before you start to see a meaningful impact in the figures as well.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And Mark, just add a little color to that, that the sign up process is great. The deal team is going out telling it, it's a terrific product. We have to keep in mind is that we built a machine or we have built a machine for adding a certain number of hotels on to our sites. The volume of hotels added to our site is going to increase substantially because of Easy Manage. And when we build these system and process these, you have to built them for very significant scale. When you add one hotel, you don't add just one hotel, you add descriptions, you add pictures. They got be in multiple languages typically, over 20 languages. You have to bid on them in many languages etcetera. And we have just added a very significant input into the machine and now, we got to adjust the machine. And we want to make sure that we do in the scaleable way. So, we're not always playing catch up. So that takes a little bit more time upfront but we think spending that time upfront is worthwhile so that we're basically building a very scalable lodging machine for the next 5-10 years of growth for this company.
Mark Mahaney - Citi: Thank you Dara, thank you Mike.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Olsen. Please state your company followed by your question.
Michael Olsen - Piper Jaffray: Hey thanks. it's Piper Jaffray. And question is with the acquisition on sales. Wondering if you could talk about your strategy in China between the eLong investment and this metasearch deal? How much of a priority China and I guess how aggressively you're going to be continuing to invest in China? And then lastly, how do you kind of feel about the competitor environment in China compared to other geographies? Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi: You're right. China is a incredible promise for us. And it's an incredible challenge. Our strategy there is pretty simple in that, eLong is our transactional play there. eLong is our Expedia in China and will continue to be our only transactional play. And obviously, they're competing as a very tough competitor in Sea Trip who is has incredible scale, has great kind of brand recognition etcetera. And so, I think eLong is, has a tough battle ahead of it. I will say that I really do think that the eLong management after investing in the infrastructure and making sure that the customer service that we have is excellent in shifting the effort of the business, not only in building the offline business but in accelerating the online business. I think it's starting to see some results and we're hopeful that eLong's kind of go forward results are going to be better than the result that we've seen let's say, over the past two years. But that said, Sea Trip is a very significant competitor and is quite a challenge. We are kind of fighting the battle on two fronts though. We have gone in, we've trip advisor on the media side and with DowDow. And with Kuxun, we're adding size, scale, eyeballs, its around 6 million unique users that we add to DowDow. That is already a top 10 site in China I believe and will have the most reviews and user reviews in China by about the end of the year. So, we're kind of building a very big media play with TripAdvisor, DowDow Kuxun and investing pretty aggressively there. And hopefully, we'll have Sea Trip as a partner just like we have lots of our competitors in the U.S. as a partner. That media play in China is going to be friendly to all, is going to be built on a standalone basis and we think based on the profitability that we've seen in TripAdvisor to all around the world. In 10 years, it could be the most profitable set of TripAdvisor site around, who knows? The China leisure market now is really started to grow in incredible rates. And some of the industry numbers that we see is that it's going to grow 24% a year to 13 billion in spend in 2011. So, we want to be there as a Chinese leisure market grows, leisure being kind of, call it our core expertise. So, we think between eLong and efforts of TripAdvisor, while Sea Trip is a very tough competitor and there plenty of other local competitors out there. I think as far as the global online travel companies, we think we have by far, the best position and while we're in investment mode for now, we think that 5-10 years from now, it will pay off in a big way.
Michael Olsen - Piper Jaffray: All right. Thanks very much.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure.
Operator: The next question comes from the Michael Millman. Please state your company name followed by your question.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Thank you. Michael Mailman at Millman Research Associates. I have two questions. The first is can you give us the numbers for Merchant and agency hotels. And our most of the agency hotels that you have international, I don't know if its above that 6500 that you quoted. And secondly is on rental car companies, can you talk about what the margin is for you, for rental car companies? And also, the trends and availability of pricing and the availability of Opaque cars for, in the rental car business. Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thank you Michael. Might as well talk about Merchant and agency hotels.
Michael Adler: Yeah. We, as we've indicated at the end of the quarter, we had it expediahotels.com over 110,000 book-able properties. And that was made up of 63,000 Merchant properties and about 48,000 agency properties.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And Michael, we signed up more Easy Manage properties year-to-date I believe than Merchant properties. So Easy Manage is really accelerating quite nicely.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Our Easy Manage agency.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yeah. For clarification. And then, as far as rental car goes, we don't disclose specific revenue margins for rental cars. It's higher than our air margins as well within our Merchant hotel margins but we don't specifically disclose those numbers. As far as pricing availability etcetera, the pricing on the rental car business actually looks pretty strong. I think fleet sizes are fairly narrow based on the rental car company is not increasing their fleets. And as a result actually, pricing is up on year-on-year basis. And we are seeing some shortage of availability in cars in certain markets at certain times. That shortage has, is true for a retail product as well for Opaque product and going in to next year to the extent that the rental car company increased their fleet. We think that will be good new. We certainly see consumer demand out there for increased fleet sizes. And we will see how aggressive the rental car companies are.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Herman Leung. Please state your company name, followed by your question.
Herman Leung - Deutsche Bank: Hi, Deutsche Bank. A couple of questions. First I think, the cost model. I mean the expenses were pretty well managed during the third quarter. Was wondering and data center cost was down about 18%. Was wondering how far along are we in the cost reduction process? I know there is also some call centers in Tacoma as well, Dow was sort of consolidating. So, can you talk about how far along the way are you in terms of pulling some of these cost levers on that side? I have a two quick follow ups?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Okay so, on cost, I've answered this question several times in the three plus years I've been in Expedia. And I would say it's never cost reduction in looking for efficiency is never over for us. And with that said, each year, there are relatives put and takes and there are some items this year that are going to be more difficult to duplicate next year. We've had a lot of reductions in our Merchant credit card fees this year due to some technology investments. Those will be difficult to duplicate as we go forward. However, there are other reductions that we are expecting, we have taken you've all probably noticed, number of restructuring charges during the year. And those will result in savings going forward. We eliminated some duplicative functions and shut down few offices and call centers. And a lot of that has a fairly rapid paybacks, some of it stretches out a bit longer. And then, keep in mind that we also redirect some of those savings back into the business. So, we will keep a very firm focus on the cost, on data center, we've done a lot of good work and really better rationalizing our I.T. cost across the business. And we feel good about that. On some of the other categories, on sales and marketing yeah, we will be facing tougher comps as we move out into next year. We will keep our focus on driving out our proprietary platform for search engine marketing, we'll keep our focus on FCO etcetera. But a lot of it comes down on sales and marketing to be the competitive environment as well on what pricing ultimately turns out to be. So, we'll continue to work hard to manage cost there. On R&D and G&A, I'd expect to continued discipline, we will see depreciation continue to roll in from prior cash investments that we've made. And on the G&A front, legal fees have been a bit of wild card for us. And we actually would have probably leveraged expenses in '09 absent there. So depending upon where that ends up next year as well, will kind of tell the story on cost.
Herman Leung - Deutsche Bank: Is there -- just on the legal, just a very quick follow up on your comment here, where there any one-time charges on the legal fees that you took this quarter? As well as you talked about marketing sort of coming back maybe a little bit in 2010, what are you seeing in the pricing environment in terms of competitions with just a bidding velocity across the travel segment?
Michael Adler: So, I'll take the legal question and then, throw the second question back to Dara. On the legal fees, we have no special one-time charges, just the ordinary course cost of the various legal actions that were involved in it.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And then, and Herman. Just going back to something that Mike said that which is very important is in general, what we are trying to build is scaleable systems everywhere. So there is real discipline across the company in automating big scaleable systems that hopefully on a long-term basis can provide us leverage on cost of sale, on G&A, on technology and content, the R&D line. The marketing one is a bit more unpredictable as far as what competition is. So we want to make sure that we're building the kind of systems that can leverage in the other part of the P&L that we can control so to speak. And it's a -- I think everyone is behind it and it's a good work from Mike and his team to every one around the company to try and get religion there. As far as the CPC's marketing cost etcetera go, our CPCs on Google and the other sites out there, in general continue to be down on a year-on-year basis. We do think that comps are going to get harder but we are seeing kind of more discipline out of ourselves and the other OLTA's to pull back on unprofitable spend. And I think, we'll continue to see that in Q4. But in 2010, to the extent that the various players have taken out unprofitable spend, you should see spend then kind of rolling up with transaction volumes etcetera. We are seeing some benefits, we are taking a fair amount of our CPC activity in-house, into kind of in-house build system. That has allowed us to get better visibility behind our profitability and our bidding and in marketing, in general are all around the world. And step one that we're moving on right now is getting rid of unprofitable activity and hopefully, next year, what you will see is our finding more profitable avenues and corners where we had not been bidding on. And hopefully starting to be more offensive in growing our CTC clicks and volumes. So that will be stage two, stage one is going quite well.
Herman Leung - Deutsche Bank: Got it. And thanks. That was very helpful. Last question regarding the contracts you talked about. There's Choice hotel and Best Westerns, how the key kind of variability's on the rate parity and inventory parity. I mean, could you talk about how some of these new term contract negotiations have changed over the past six months to a year? And how this kind of impacts the long term viability of these contracts that you have with suppliers. Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yeah. Herman, I'll make sure people understand that we don't have any issue whatsoever with Best Western. We've done business with the independence for sometime, we continue to do business with them. And there's absolutely no change there. In general, as far as our hotel contract and relationships, they have actually been quiet stable, the last five, six, seven renewals. Obviously, there are discussions that take place but there hasn't been significant change in how we do business with our hotel partners really, over the past one or two years. I think there is a good understanding, there is a great partnership, we worked very hard for them. And we want to be their especially in this environment for them to help them as much we can and our chain volumes are very, very healthy. I take choices and outlier and obviously, they're making choices as to whether they want to participate in the market place. And if they do, terrific. If they don't, we're recapturing the vast majority of the bookings. So, we'll be fine. And hopefully, we'll come to terms with that.
Herman Leung - Deutsche Bank: Great. Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. The next question from James Cakmak. If you could please state your company name, followed by your question.
James Cakmak - Sidoti and Company: Hi. From Sidoti and Company. Good morning.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Good morning.
James Cakmak - Sidoti and Company: Yeah. We haven't seen some improvement on the online advertising front. Obviously, you guys are doing pretty well there, still at about 10% of revenue. Can you just discuss how you're thinking about growing that business? It is a high margin and how you feel TripAdvisor and that your overall online media platform is fairing versus the Border travel ad market? And how should be thinking about any margin benefit we could see from growth in that, in the coming quarters?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Hi James, I'll say our -- I feel as good about TripAdvisor as I ever have to be honest with you. We are feeling the same CPC pressures that our transactional sites are kind of enjoying, TripAdvisor is feeling along with FX pressures in the last three quarters. Although that should ease up in Q4, next year. So, unit volume or click growth and TripAdvisor is growing substantially in excess of the revenue growth that you see with some CPC pressure which should ease as the year goes on and into next year. So, we think that is a tough trend that TripAdvisor has overcome through good work. And if CPC ease up next year or CPC pressure eases up next year, it should be a really good year for TripAdvisor, both domestically and internationally. The base TripAdvisor business grows very -- the growth is strong, domestically in Europe and obviously, Asia is a new area that we're investing in. And in addition to the base business which is growing nicely, we are also investing at three areas. One is getting into air metasearch with TripAdvisor flights which is an award winning product, the terrific product, we're in investment mode right now, one is China which is DowDow Kuxun now. Again, we're going to be in net investment mode in China, I'm guessing for the next two years. And then, the third is the vacation rental business through flickE which is a huge, huge category, potential category for us as a terrific competitor of Home Away. And we're getting into that market and we think that will be a substantially profitable market for us as well. Again, some investment spend both this year and going into next. So, the model that I say as you've got an enormously profitable growing base trip advisor business and then we're investing in these three areas. The TripAdvisor is able to fund those investments and grow. And then hopefully years, two, three, four, five, we're going to reap the awards of these investments in this totally new areas that we're making. So, Steve Kaufer and our team are executing really well. And we think that this is a unique asset and will continue to set itself apart from the other players.
James Cakmak - Sidoti and Company: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) There appear to be no further questions.
Michael Adler: Okay. Well, thank you for joining us on the call today and for the great questions. A replay will be available on the IR website after the completion of the call. I certainly appreciate interest in Expedia and look forward to chatting with you again next quarter. Dara, did you have any final thought?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Just a real thank you to the employees of Expedia on a worldwide basis. They delivered a terrific quarter. And hopefully, we'll continue to do the same going forward. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the Expedia first quarter 2009 conference call. Thank you for participating, you may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dara Khosrowshahi - President & Chief Executive Officer Michael Adler - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates  Doug Anmuth - Barclays Capital Nat Schindler - Bank of America Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs  Imran Khan - JP Morgan Scott Hamann - KeyBanc Capital Markets James Cakmak - Sidoti & Company Herman Leung - Deutsche Bank Securities Scott Kessler - Standard & Poors Equity
Operator: Welcome to the Expedia Incorporated second quarter 2009 conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Stu Haas. 
Stu Haas: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Expedia Inc.s financial results conference call for the second quarter ended June 30, 2009. Im pleased to be joined on the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, Expedias CEO and President, and Michael Adler, our CFO. The following discussion including responses to your questions reflects managements views as of today, July 30, 2009 only. As always, some of the statements made on todays call are forward-looking, including our comments on financial performance and expectations, operational results, margins, planned investments and spending, FX and growth of business lines. Actual results may differ materially. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. Please refer to todays press release and the companys filings with the SEC, including our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 for additional information about factors that could potentially affect our financial and operational results. During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, including OIBA, costs and expenses excluding stock-based compensation, free cash flow, adjusted net income and adjusted EPS. In our press release, which is posted on the companys IR website at www.expediainc.com/ir, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of the measures with the most comparable GAAP measures. Finally, unless otherwise, stated all references to cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense, and technology and content expense excludes stock-based compensation, and all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2008. And with that, let me turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Stu. Were very pleased with the continued broad acceleration of transactional volumes this quarter. 26% real net growth and 13% air ticket growth combined with appropriate cost controls resulted in 4% operating income before amortization growth.  These are all evidence of our ability to put excellent deals in front of travelers and help our supply partners fill hotels and planes in the most challenging travel environment since 9/11. The team has been working hard and its good to see the positive results. Now Expedias strategy is simple, to continue improving our customer value proposition and removing barriers to purchase. The elimination of the air booking fees and lower hotel service fees contributed to our volume growth in Q2, but really represent initial steps in what is an ongoing process. In fact, since last quarters call, weve also eliminated many changes and cancel fees, thus providing our travelers flexibility even after booking their trip. Our focus on securing great inventory for travelers continues. In June, we launched our biggest summer sale ever with over 5000 participating hotels up substantially from 1800 last year. Participating hoteliers know that the sale will increase their room volumes and as a matter of fact, participating hotels have seen their room nights grow nearly 40% during the promotion. These sales are clearly a win-win for our travelers, as well as our supply partners, and are made possible through the efforts of our industry-leading partner services group. Were also pleased by what we have seen so far in Hotels.coms new Smart ad campaign, showcasing how smart it is to book on Hotels.com and the Welcome Rewards Loyalty Program. Traffic to our Hotels.com website has been increasing and we are getting more and more travelers to stick around with flexible and simple loyalty program. On the marketing front, we reduced our marketing spend per transaction by 23% in the second quarter driven by an improved customer value proposition, lower competitive spend, benefits from our technology investments and strong execution across our marketing channels. Now, we are not counting on these levels of improvements in the coming quarters, but we are confident that we can continue to drive better efficiency on a per transaction basis. Now before I close, I do want to touch on recent legal and occupancy tax matters as I know that they are top of mind for some investors. Weve been fighting these occupancy tax matters for a long time and we feel strongly about our position. Five federal courts have already agreed that we are not subject to tax ordinances applicable to hotel operators. Only one state court proceeding in Georgia has gone the other way. Our positions on these matters have been clear and remain as strong as ever. In Q2, we accrued $55 million to be paid to the city of San Francisco for occupancy tax assessments made by the city, but to be clear these payments are required, so that we can pursue litigation and challenge whether or not San Franciscos hotel occupancy tax ordinance even applies to us. If we prevail in the litigation, the city will be required to repay us plus interest. New York City recently amended its occupancy tax ordinance in an attempt to impose additional taxes on visitors, which is set to take effect on September 1, 2009. We continue to evaluate all of our options in this matter, but even if we end up having to collect and remit occupancy tax on our revenues, assuming that we dont recoup any of these costs from travelers or suppliers. We estimate that the total annual impact in New York City will be less than $10 million and as an FYI, New York represents about 7% of our U.S. room nights. Now, well navigate appropriately, but we dont see the occupancy tax issue as a major game changer for our business or financial results over the long term. Lastly on litigation, as it relates to the consumer class action lawsuits, while we have denied and continue to deny the allegations and claims asserted in order to avoid costly and time consuming litigation, weve reached a proposed settlement on all claims in this matter, which is subject to court approval. A preliminary settlement hearing is scheduled for August 10, and in the second quarter as a result, we accrued a related reserve of $19 million. In closing, although the economic environment remains uncertain, the trends that we have seen in Q2 and into July are promising. Longer-term Expedias future growth will be fueled by our expanding international presence, scaling our advertising business to complement and leverage our transaction based businesses and building on our leadership in more established markets by improving our customer value proposition and conversion. We still have a lot of hard work to do, but we are well on our way. Mike.
Michael Adler: Thanks, Dara. The 18% growth in transactions this quarter was quite broad across products and brands. Worldwide room nights grew 20% on an organic basis. Domestic growth was driven by growth of over 25% for Hotels.com, 15% for Expedia.com and roughly 35% for Hotwire. International room nights grew 37%, with the Venere volumes contributing nearly half of that. We also saw impressive growth of 35% for Hotels.com in Europe, and APAC room night growth across both Hotels.com and Expedia brands was 80%. Domestic ADRs were down 18% and international down 21%, including the negative impact of FX. Our ADR declines continue to outpace the market, as hotels make significantly more promotional inventory available to us. Remember that our ADRs started getting weaker in late Q3 and Q4 of last year. So, ADR comps should get easier for us in the back half. Trying to forecast this year has been a fools errand, so there is no telling what effect better ADR comps will have on our room night volumes. In air, the biggest change was the elimination of air booking fees on Expedia.com, which drove overall domestic ticket growth 14%. Were pleased by the lift we have seen and we see continued strength in our air ticket volumes, so far in Q3. Advertising revenue growth did slow in the quarter, but our growth rates compare favorably with the Yahoos and the Googles of the world, so we are certainly in good company. In sales and marketing, we saw an 11% decrease in direct spend and a 7% decrease in indirect spend during the quarter. While spend is down across many of our points of sale, traffic is up and conversion is generally holding steady. Some of our ability to spend less and reap more benefit, pertains to market dynamics, as the cost of online advertising is lower and each click in online marketing costs less than it did last year. Weve also seen a pullback in search marketing spend by some of our competitors, which is giving us a leg-up on search results placement. Course conversion benefits when your products are priced more favorably, as we have witnessed after our fee actions and with lower ADRs and average ticket prices. In cost of revenue, the year-over-year decrease was driven by a significant reduction of credit card fees, as the result of investments and process improvements we have made. In customer operations, we continue to optimize our staffing levels and implemented a number of new tools to drive efficiency and effectiveness in our call centers. We are now seeing the benefits of having built the capabilities for bringing some of our air ticket fulfillment in-house. I would like to be clear that these efforts are intended to drive efficiency, while at the same time improving our customer support and customer experience. No easy task, but we think we can do it. Turning to financial expectations, clearly our results for the first half were better than we thought coming into the year and we are incrementally more positive about our full-year outlook. Based on what we know today and assuming that the economy doesnt change materially in the back half of the year, we now expect to see modest full-year OIBA growth and excluding the amounts paid for the San Francisco occupancy tax issue, we would expect free cash flow to grow year-over-year as well. In total, sales and marketing decreased 14% for the first half of the year, leading to leverage of over 300 basis points. Note that we will soon lapse spending cuts that we began in the middle of 2008, so we expect only modest operating leverage from sales and marketing in the back half. Weve driven 94 bips of leverage and cost of revenue in the first half of the year and we are positioned to see similar efficiencies in the second half. Technology and content spending has been up in the first half, primarily as a result of increased depreciation expense and we expect that to continue in the back half of the year. Cash spend will be down in our core transactional businesses. G&A expense should increase in the back half similar to the front half of the year with reductions in a number of areas being offset by higher legal and professional fees. Were pleased with our free cash flow generation year-to-date; although everyone should be aware that the payments relating to the San Francisco occupancy tax assessments, while accrued for in Q2 will negatively impact free cash flow in Q3. With that, lets turn to Q-and-A. Operator, would you please remind listeners how to ask a question.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates : You may have mentioned this. So, I apologize, but in the press release you talked about increasing your European agency hotel programs. Can you talk about whether that is changing from merchant hotels or whether thats Venere or whether thats going after non-customer hotels or some combination thereof?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Id say, its a combination thereof and its very early. We officially launch what we call our Expedia Easy Manage program this quarter and it is essentially an agency hotel program, although, we dont talk agency versus merchant with the hotels. Its easy to manage. It is a lighter touch. The margins tend to be lower and as a result, the services to the hotel tend to be lower as well, but we launched it this quarter. Its targeted to smaller hotels, secondary destinations, etcetera and we started the hotel sign-up process. I think we signed up around 1500 hotels or so to the Easy Manage program. We will see what kind of momentum we get as the year progresses. I think that signing up a hotel was only the first step. Youve got to sign up the hotel and then youve got to properly merchandise the hotel within your site. Youve got to bid on keywords in order to get the hotel exposure and to give them volume, so that they look at you as a great partner. So, I think were getting started. We are very, very happy to have agency model as a tool. We are very happy to have the Venere.com team aboard and hopefully in the next couple of quarters, well have more to tell you about the performance, but this is just the beginning.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates : I guess, this is obvious, but I will ask it anyway, is this continued battle with Booking.coms success?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Whats the question, is it a continued battle with Booking.com, is that the question?
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates : Yes.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, listen Booking.com I think is the best performing player in Europe. Were really happy with how Hotels.com is performing in Europe as well and Expedia is starting to get some nice momentum there, but Booking.com, we think is a terrific competitor.  They have a larger supply footprint than the competition to-date and our adding the agency hotel model and the Easy Manage program, we think enables us to match their supply footprint after some effort, because obviously they have got a larger footprint than we do today. I think theyll continue to execute quite well and I think that hopefully well give them a pretty good run for the money.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Mahaney - Citi.
Mark Mahaney - Citi : I have a financial question for Mike. In terms of thinking through the dynamics of ADR changes on your business, ADRs now are very significantly negative, comps get easier and just in general across the industry as we cycle through an economic recovery, ADRs will revert back to normalized single-digit, high single-digit growth year over year. What does that do to Expedias model in terms of take rates, in terms of bookings and in terms of profitability? Why doesnt that just flow aggressively down to the bottom line?
Michael Adler:  I think its been more than clear that the ADR environment has been at this point helpful to our business. We honestly dont know where theyre going to go. The comp in the second half would appear to get easier, but there certainly remains uncertainty as to the ultimate direction of ADRs. When ADRs return eventually from whatever point they bought them out at, it does flow through to our revenue and to our revenue per room night, but an important factor that you have to take into account is what happens to our volume in the event of ADR increases and the level of promotional inventory that hotels are willing to give us and an ADR increasing environment generally is less than an environment like, we are seeing today. Also, when ADRs are higher, it does provide more ammunition for our competitors to spend on marketing. So, I do think that we would also expect to see more competitive marketing in that situation, probably see higher cost of offline advertising and cost per click, whereas right now, we are benefiting from seeing lower areas or lower spending in those areas.  So, while there are some, business model benefits on paper. We think that we can be successful in both an ADR up and an ADR down environment; its just not quite as simple as flowing through to the bottom line.
Mark Mahaney - Citi : Then Dara, one quick question on the hotels; there is just pretty significant ramp-up, 5000 hotels participating versus 1800 a year ago. Is that just purely countercyclical? Is there something else that makes you think that as we cycle back that a year from now and as the hotel environment improves; we will be back to 2000 hotels only that participate? Is there something different that you are doing that makes hotels more eager to work with Expedia?
Dara Khosrowshahi:  I think that the cycle helps and when we speak to hotels about, how we can help them in their volume, they are listening this year. I think that the team is executing better than they have as well and I think the track record helps. The math is pretty simple here Mark and we show the math. We are a very quantitative group. Weve got great data. The PSG Group has an incredible data group and they show data to hotels which says, here is the market share of hotels that participated in the sale and here is the market share of hotels that did not participate and for example, this year-to-date in our summer sale, hotels that participated their room nights were up 40%. If you did not participate, your room nights were up 11%. So, even if you did not participate, were growing volumes for you, but its significantly less volume than participation and, frankly, I think that those numbers speak for themselves.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Anmuth - Barclays Capital.
Doug Anmuth - Barclays Capital: Two quick ones, first, Mike if you could just elaborate on the ability going forward to sustain low marketing expenses in the back half? I know you commented on it a little bit. Then secondly, can you just comment on the impact of the timing of the international air overrides and what they contributed? Thank you.
Michael Adler: Sure. So, as I said in my prepared remarks, last year at around this time, we actually started pulling back on marketing spend, probably mid to towards the end of Q3, but by Q4 we had pulled back fairly dramatically in particular in Europe. So, I would say we are not planning marketing spend that different from our historical 06, 07 patterns, but when you compare it to what occurred last year, it will be difficult comps and so, we were minus 18% in direct sales and marketing or sales and marketing in Q1, 10% in Q2.  So youre going to see kind of a similar pressure as we head into the back half of the year. There we will still hopefully continue to be some of the market dynamics that continue to help us and we have our SEM and our SCO initiatives as well. So, its a lot more than about what the comps are and how hard or easy they are and we are working to become more efficient and lower our costs per transaction, which is the ultimate goal. On international air overrides, I think we had noted in Q1 that actually we were negatively impacted by the timing of international air overrides. Those were received in Q2, and you can see the difference in the international revenue margin. So, it adds 10 bips, 20 bips to the international revenue margins, so significant enough to call out but over a longer period of time, not that material.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Doug, just to add a little flavor on the marketing side; as Mike said, the comps get harder in the second half of the year and that will affect marketing spend on a relative basis. If you want to think about structural changes that happen, one is the SCO channel is quite strong for us on the Expedia side and that should continue going into the second year. The second factor that really is out of our hands is our competitive spend or our competitor spend on the search side, on the CPC side. It looks like they have pulled back a bit. You heard the CEO of Orbitz talk about, getting out of inefficient spend on the search side for them and we are seeing that on the search side as far as CPC easing up a little bit, which has helped our efficiency in Q1 and Q2. That could be a factor going into the third and fourth quarter and again, competitive spend is not something that we can really predict.
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Post- Bank of America.
Nat Schindler - Bank of America: This is Nat Schindler calling in for Justin. I just wanted to thank you for the metrics on the New York tax litigation and some of the more detail that you gave out this quarter. I was wondering if you could explain why the New York market is different from the rest of the country or could be different from the rest of the country and also how could you adjust fees to offset taxes, if they are passed across the country or in more locations?
Dara Khosrowshahi:  Sure. Whats different about New York is that, its not really a court action, so to speak. It was an ordinance that was passed by New York to tax what I believe is called hotel re-marketers. So, in some ways, we think its an admission that back taxes dont really affect us, because they actually had to attempt to pass the new law, which we believe goes into effect in September, which taxes re-marketers, which I think is aimed at us and other players like us. So, thats the difference. Its actually an action that New York took. We are obviously looking at what our choices could be and as far as those proposed taxes are and part of what we could do is pass on the costs to consumers. We could essentially take the occupancy taxes and raise ultimate taxes for consumers, which by the way we think would be a really bad thing. Its a worst time in the world to raise taxes on tourism. Another choice could be to talk to our hotels and adjust margins in order to make up for those additional costs and another choice could be for us to take on the costs ourselves. So, we havent determined really what were going to do, but in general, we just think that the timing, we understand that I guess, all municipalities are pressured on the budget front, but we think the tourism companies taxing tourists and taxing hotels at this time is just a bad move.
Nat Schindler - Bank of America: How would you keep parity in price with the hotels direct if they add a re-marketer tax?
Dara Khosrowshahi:  Well, again, thats a question for us. To the extent that we add a fee to for consumers, that would have hurt us on the competitive front. So, that would be a difficult step for us to take. We obviously negotiate margins with hotels all the time. So, thats another choice and then another choice is for us to take it out of our own margins. So, we would all of these considerations, you do want to be competitive with hotel direct and obviously to the extent that we pass this on to consumers, we do think that our volumes would be hurt and we are at a level of volume in New York City, where if our volumes are hurt, those are significant kind of tourist dollars for the city.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs.
Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs : Can you help us think about the small variance between the ADR and revenue per room night declines that we saw in the second quarter? We would have expected that your revenue per room night probably would have seen greater deterioration given the removal of some of the change cancel fees, as well as reduced consumer booking fees. So, if there was a issue of just the mix of hotels or better raw margins that you are arranging with the hotels, that would be great.
Michael Adler: Okay. Our ADRs as reported does include fees and so, there is parity between ADRs and revenue per room night. The reason that ADR and revenue per room night are so close this quarter and had been disparate, particularly in Q4 of 08 is because of FX and the book to stay FX impact that we experienced is in the revenue per room night, but it is not in the ADR. Also, some of the reductions or the change cancel fees etcetera also are pretty new, but are again flowing through both in ADRs and revenue per room night.
Dara Khosrowshahi:  Jennifer, do you understand the book to stay issue?
Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs: Yes, I think we are good there. One other question, more on the sales and marketing side, so I know you had indicated that the competitive environment within the keyword bidding seems to be reduced somewhat. Are you seeing that both internationally and domestically or is it more in one market versus the other?
Dara Khosrowshahi:  Were seeing it pretty broadly. I think that most of the players out there are acting rationally. Average ticket prices for air are down pretty significantly. ADRs are down for hotels. So, all of the players including ourselves are experiencing reduced revenue per room night and they are adjusting their marketing spend accordingly. We have just found that I guess our competition for various reasons and, who knows why, seems to have pulled back a little bit more than we have had to pull back. So, in general, we think that our share of the search market has increased on a year-on-year basis by some factor, but again, competitive intelligence here is pretty difficult.
Operator: Your next question comes from Imran Khan - JP Morgan. 
Imran Khan - JP Morgan: One housekeeping question for Mike and two questions for Dara; so Mike, I think your international revenue margins improved 168 basis points year-over-year. Is it primarily due to the mix shift, or there is anything else going on that we should be aware of? For Dara, I think the room night grew worldwide 26% on a year-over-year basis. I know it is very difficult, but could you maybe help us isolate what percentage of this growth rate is contribution of promotional activities of the hotels? Secondly, you talked about how large your supplier footprint is important for the growth in the international market. How long do you think it will take you to catch up with Booking.com in terms of the supplier base?
Michael Adler: On the international revenue margin, the air override payments, absolutely contributed to the growth. We also had a positive FX benefit from book to stay, which helped on the international air margin.  The reduction in average ticket prices also helps the margin as well on the international front. Then we also had a bit of a mix shift, which benefited us on the air side internationally, as well as higher agency margins as our Venere business generates higher agency hotels margins internationally than our more standard agency business. So again, a number of different factors, Id point out that there can be a lot of noise and timing issues in rev margin, ADRs, ATPs moving around, etc. What we thing really counts are the margins that we have negotiated with our suppliers, and those are the real numbers and while theres ups and downs there as well, those have been relatively stable.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Imran, on your other two questions, on the room night improvement, we ask that question of ourselves all the time. Honestly, it is a very difficult question to answer.  I think that the improvement in room nights is a combination of really, really good activity on the marketing front, on the brand front, on execution from the point of sale and absolutely improved inventory on the point of supply side. There are markets that for example, in New York City where we merchandised very aggressively, where 40%, 50%, 60% of our volume that is sold in those markets is through promotional inventory. Now you also have to take into account overall ADRs are down as well. So if our promotional inventory was 20% versus 50% that drive a significant difference in room night volume, we dont know. In general, we are driving the promotional activity, because it is good for our consumers, and it is good for our suppliers as well. We have not been able to draw a consistent correlation between markets, where we have more promotional inventory unless a room night volume in general in those markets we do have higher share. As far as the supply footprint internationally, How long it will take to catch up? I can answer that question if Booking.com was not a moving target, but they are a moving target. Intelligence tells us, that they are adding room night volume very, very aggressively. So the honest answer to that question is I dont know. Were going to be aggressive here. I think that we have got kind of the tools and the setup to expand our volume. Remember that as we expand our supply base, we also have to expand our demand footprint so to speak and thats an important kind of modulator in how fast we expand our supplier footprint. Obviously, the good news is that the demand is coming in, and were growing room night volume 26%, and that is a pretty good number to expand your supplier base off of.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Hamann - KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Scott Hamann - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Dara, last quarter you indicated that the consumer behavior really hadnt changed, but the shift was more on the supplier side. Im just curious if that dynamic has kind of changed and if you are seeing more of a consumer behavior shift?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I cannot say that we have. The behavior is pretty consistent, which as consumers are looking for deals. Consumers are looking for bargains. The good news is that right now with the fee cuts, with the promotional inventory that we have both on the standalone path and on the package path and with inventory, for example, that is showing up on Hotwire.  We are a very strong value proposition on the consumer front. So were able to deliver value to consumers, and as a result, consumers are booking with us. I think right now were just trying to keep it pretty simple.
Scott Hamann - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Secondly, can you talk a little bit about some of the early success you might have seen on some of the new platforms at TripAdvisor relative to your expectations?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Well, I think on the traffic front, Trip is doing extraordinarily well, so traffic in Europe and the Asia-Pacific regions is very, very strong. Obviously, were being hurt there on CPCs and foreign exchange. On the meta-front, we are very, very happy with Trip Meta. I think Fly.com announced that they have done, I dont know, 2.5 million searches. We are in excess of that. Were not announcing how many searches that we have done, but we are in excess of that. So we think were doing pretty well on that front. The team is a great team, and I think we have innovated on Trip Meta, and well continue to innovate on Trip Meta. On the vacation rentals area, were just getting started. We are integrating that product into Trip, and the advantage that Trip brings is just the enormous traffic that we bring to the eyeball traffic to the vacation rentals area. The challenge now will be to build up a listings business in addition to the base business that we have. We just think its a great target market, but we have to measure our progress there in years, not in quarters.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Cakmak - Sidoti & Company.
James Cakmak - Sidoti & Company: Just to drill down a little bit on the international room growth, are there particular countries out there in Europe that are driving that growth? The weakness that you had talked about in Germany and the U.K. on the last call, has that gotten sequentially better?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I would say that U.K. and Germany are the weaker countries in Europe to the extent that you compare it to the rest of Europe. Although I would say that in general the European markets for us look a bit stronger. I dont think that is a macro issue. I just think the team has come together since the reorganization at the beginning of the year, and were executing better. I would say U.K. and Germany are probably trailing, and the rest of Europe is stronger on balance. The Asia-Pacific markets are doing great for us. Before swine flu, Ill tell you Latin America was doing quite well, but the swine flu there kind of threw them for a loop, so to speak. We think once we are through with that, the Latin American markets are of great, great potential for us.
Michael Adler: When you take a look at it from a point of supply basis or where the hotel stays are occurring, in Europe, London is actually growing very rapidly for us. There are some foreign currency impacts that we think are driving that as more folks in the U.K. are staying in the U.K., and there is more travel from Europe into the U.K., less from the U.K. into Europe and thats also benefiting London, and the traffic is being driven through very much our international points of sale.
Dara Khosrowshahi: The pounds weakness is really helping London as a destination. It is hurting U.K. travelers traveling around Europe, because it has become much more expensive for them to do so. So we do think that that is absolutely having an effect on the weakness of the U.K. that we talked about last quarter and this quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Herman Leung - Deutsche Bank Securities.
Herman Leung - Deutsche Bank Securities: Two questions; first, I guess on your promotional activity that you had in June, I guess that helped lift a lot of your hotel room nights and you are seeing 40% growth. I guess could you talk about what you are seeing? I mean should we expect bookings to sequentially be down a lot less given the promotions that you have there? Then the second question I have is regarding your supplier relationships on the supplier behavior just kind of shifting a little bit more obviously with the 26% room night growth. Has that incrementally improved from last quarter, and I have a quick follow-up.
Michael Adler: On the booking side, on a go forward basis, remember the 40% room night growth was for hotels that participate in the sale activity, and that is 5000 hotels out of 100,000 hotels. So it is a subset. Obviously, there are hotels that get an unfair share of our volume. I would say that the biggest factor in Q3 and Q4 gross bookings growth versus Q1 and Q2 is ADRs and comps. Last year Q3, Q4, the foreign exchange was really hurting us. We did start pulling back on some marketing activities, and the business definitely slowed down. So this year, if we see better ADRs in the back half of the year and if that does not have a significantly negative effect on our attractiveness of our supply, we should see a decent second half and an improved second half relative on the gross bookings level relative to what we saw in the first half. Those are some and Im hesitant to kind of predict the future this year for obvious reasons. When you look at supplier behavior quarter on quarter, I cannot say that it has really changed. I think that suppliers are certainly happy about the volume that were bringing them. I think they are a little surprised with the volume that we are bringing them, and we think that is a good thing. So I think that the PSG Group and our market managers are feeling pretty good right now. They are very, very busy, and I think they deserve to feel good, and they are going to be pretty busy for the remainder of the year, but it is just a lot of blocking and tackling with individual hotels in each market to come up with the right product for them.
Herman Leung - Deutsche Bank Securities: Then as a follow-up on the promotional side on the booking fee cuts, I think last quarter you had talked about how it coasted about $3 million for the airfare booking, as well as the hotel change fees. Can you give us an update on what cost you in terms of cost side promotions?
Michael Adler: We believe that those cost figures or the impacts from the fee reductions remain valid. Obviously the further we get in time from when we actually made the reduction, the harder it gets to really tell what is happening as theres a host of other changes puts and takes which occur in the marketplace. We are confident that overtime we will more than earn back the deficit from the fees through higher volume, higher customer loyalty, etc. So were pleased with the results so far and pretty much on expectation.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Mike, correct me if Im wrong, but in the back half of last year, we increased the air fees from $5 to $7. Volumes were weaker. So I think from an expectation level, the volume comp gets easier but the revenue margin comp for air gets harder, because in the first half of the year, we were giving up five bucks of ticket. In the second half of the year, were giving up 7 bucks of ticket.
Michael Adler: Correct.
Operator: Your final question comes from Scott Kessler - Standard & Poors Equity.
Scott Kessler - Standard & Poors Equity: Two questions; the first is, if you look at the data that you provided, which I appreciate the granularity. It looks like the Egencia corporate travel business really has been around kind of that $20 million to $25 million in revenue for the last number of quarters. Even though it is obviously a small part of your business at this point, how do you think about that going forward? How strategically important is it to the company? I have another question, and Ill wait on that one.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think Egencia for us is incredibly important from a strategic standpoint. One is we just think that the corporate travel opportunity is huge. Its up to a half of total travel spend is corporate spend. Managed travel is a subset of that.  In general, theres a lot of unmanaged corporate spend travel that we serve out at Expedia and Hotels.com as well. With Egencia, were targeting the managed corporate segment, which is just a huge, huge segment, and we dont think that is a segment that has really taken advantage of the internet and all the possibilities of the internet and the great tools that we have. With Egencia you get all the great technology that you get with Expedia, but you add to that incredible technology as far as tracking, as far as management of your travel spend. You can have a CFO decide to change your travel policy, click a button, and your travel policy changes immediately on a worldwide basis the next minute, versus other companies that have systems that are broken up and they have got to call people and they have got to let agents know, and it is a process that takes two or three weeks. So we just think that its a great chance for us to do what we do best, which is great technology, great service and applied in the managed corporate space and expand it over years. Now, this is about as difficult an environment for corporate travel as we have ever seen. I think American Express, which is one of our biggest competitors. I think that on their call they said that their kind of corporate gross bookings were down around 40%. Ours were down 26% I think was the number. Obviously, we want to do better than that, but were gaining share in this marketplace. On the new business front, the signup fronts, we are signing up more business than we ever have before and kind of its were building a snowball, so to speak. So this is a long term commitment for us. It is a multiyear commitment. It is a war of attrition. But we think weve got a great team. Weve got great technology, and we think it is a matter of time. We dont think it is immediate, but we are completely, completely dedicated to building this business into a very large business over the next couple of years.
Scott Kessler - Standard & Poors Equity: So if I could follow-up, given what the results over the last number of years indicate despite the fact that youre signing up new customers and gaining share, it would seem to me that perhaps either this is taking longer than you might have anticipated or perhaps a change in approach or strategy might make sense. Can you give us a sense of, how you think about those things?
Dara Khosrowshahi: It has definitely taken longer than weve anticipated. Its been a very hard business to get into. Honestly, we have had to learn it. We were a consumer internet company, and B2B businesses are very different from B2C businesses. Weve really had to almost set up a separate company out there. Remember its a long lead time business. On the B2C side, you bid for a keyword you get instant action tomorrow. On the B2B side, with these large accounts, you go in and youve got to woo them, youve got to build up a sales force, youve got to train the sales force, youve got to attract the results, and then you go in with RFPs with pitches that you may win six months from now and then you have got to implement them three months to six months later. So its this a very long lead time business. It is harder than we thought. We have been working really, really hard at it. Were just very confident that it something that we are going to succeed at and the way that were running the business is, its essentially been breakeven for the last couple of years. We have limited losses, so to speak. We could have been more aggressive, but we knew that it was going to take a long time. So we thought, were not going to lose a bunch of money on this and take huge amounts of risk. Lets run it as essentially breakeven business, and lets have it kind of grow on an organic basis. We do believe that were getting to the point of scaling the business where you are going to see some profitability from this business coming in next year. Were not running it for profit immediately, but we do think that were getting to the scale point in this business. Next year its not showing profitability, I will tell you I would be disappointed.
Scott Kessler - Standard & Poors Equity: One other question if I may about the balance sheet. It seems like you guys have been generating some nice cash flows of late, but you also obviously carry a pretty substantial amount of debt.  A lot of that obviously will not come due for a number of years at this point, but they do carry some pretty high interest rates. Im wondering with the credit crunch kind of decompressing to some extent. How you guys think about the balance sheet and the debt load and if refinancing perhaps is some kind of option that youre considering at this point?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Right now we are pretty happy with the debt that we have. If you look at interest rates that we are paying on the debt compared to market rates, so to speak, for companies that are not investment grade, yes, we think the rates are pretty good. Now we do think that we are an investment grade credit as far as the credit statistics, as far as cash flow generation of the company, etc. We think that the reason why we are non-investment grade is because of certain actions that we took on the balance sheet side, buybacks, etc. Were on a go forward basis kind of dedicated to more of an investment-grade policy. We think we are an investment-grade credit. We think we should be an investment-grade company, which means kind of the debt load that we are going to carries two to three times debt. We think that with this business, the relative unpredictability of the travel business, etc., it pays to run this business, call it fairly conservatively from a balance sheet standpoint. The fortunate truth is that the business throws off so much cash, that I dont think we need to add a bunch of debt to the balance sheet to do what we want to do, whether thats acquisitions or buybacks or at this point kind of building up the balance sheet. So I think going back to what you were saying, we are pretty happy with the bonds right now. We dont see any real activity there as far as refinancing, etc. Maybe that is something that is two, three, four years down the road.
Michael Adler: I would also point out that, we as a company, are not highly leveraged, and we believe that we could add some additional debt and still be consistent with an investment-grade strategy. With regard to the cash on the balance sheet, we obviously are happy with the first half cash flow for the year. Id remind everyone also that there is some cyclicality to our cash flow during the year, and we build cash in the first half of the year based on our working capital cycle and then there are declines typically in the second half of the year. So please keep that in mind as well.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Stu has also told me to clarify my statement, which is two to three times gross debt.
Operator: I would now like to turn the conference back over to management, for any closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Stu Haas: Great. Thanks operator and thank you all for participating on todays call. We certainly appreciate your time. Dara, did you have any closing thoughts?
Dara Khosrowshahi: No. Thank you for joining on the call and a big thank you for Expedia employees, who are listening. You did great work this quarter and lets keep it up.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Stu Haas  Senior Vice President Investor Relations Dara Khosrowshahi  President and Chief Executive Officer Michael Adler  Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Mark Mahaney  Citigroup Douglas Anmuth  Barclays Capital Jennifer Watson  Goldman Sachs Justin Post  Merrill Lynch Imran Khan  JPMorgan Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates Scott Hamann  KeyBanc Capital Markets 
Operator: Welcome to the Expedia Incorporated first quarter 2009 conference call. (Operator Instructions) This conference is being recorded today, Thursday, April 30, 2009. I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Stu Haas, Senior Vice President Investor Relations and Treasurer. 
Stu Haas: Welcome to Expedia Inc.'s financial results conference call for the first quarter ended March 31, 2009. I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi Expedia's CEO and President, and Michael Adler our CFO.  The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today, April 30, 2009 only. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking, including comments on financial performance and expectations, operational results, margins, planned investments in spending, foreign exchange, and growth of business lines. Actual results may differ materially. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information.  Please refer to today's press release and the company's filings with the SEC, including our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008 for additional information about factors that could potentially affect our financial and operational results. During this call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, including OIBA, operating expenses excluding stock-based compensation, free cash flow, adjusted net income and adjusted EPS.  In our press release, which is posted on the company's IR website at expediainc.com/ir, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of the measures with the most comparable GAAP measure. Unless otherwise stated, all references on the call to gross margin, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense and technology and content expense exclude stock-based compensation.  Finally, any forward-looking statements made on today's call exclude any impact from the swine flu pandemic, and all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2008. And with that, let me turn the call over to Dara. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: From our release this morning, you can see that considering the challenges in the global economy and travel, Expedia had a solid Q1 on a strength of improved transaction growth, along with effective expense management. Our transaction growth accelerated to 7% fueled by 13% growth in hotel room nights and a lower rate of decline in air tickets sold, reflecting improved inventory and pricing availability as well as our air booking fee promotion later in the quarter.  This positive response from leisure travelers to better value reinforces our belief that Expedia model offers some countercyclical offsets in a weak demand environment. We're particularly encouraged that our Q1 hotel and air growth exceeded overall industry volumes, specifically our 11% growth in U.S. room nights compares very favorably to Smith Travel's 8% decrease in Q1 hotel demand in the U.S. again, and our 5% decline in U.S. air ticket volumes outpaced U.S. carrier's 13% traffic decline.  We obviously have little control over larger macro forces, but I'm pleased that our teams have done a great job executing given the hand that we've been dealt. Our volume pickup in hotel was not enough to offset another leg down in ADRs, from negative 10% in Q4 to 18% in Q1. While we're more than happy to continue putting great deals in front of travelers, and believe that we do this better than anyone else in travel, our unit and overall economics suffer as a result.  The rate at ADR decline does appear to be stabilizing at currently depressed levels, based on our limited forward booking data. Of course, this could change very quickly and the recent outbreak of the swine flu is definitely a step in the wrong direction. I mentioned our booking fee promotion as a positive catalyst in improved air ticket sales on Expedia.com. January and February ticket sales were down 9% on a year-on-year basis, while March and April tickets are up in the double digits. Looking at March and April together normalizes for a year-on-year Easter seasonality.  Now, aggressive fair sales from air carriers were a contributing factor, but not enough to explain the step change in demand that we witnessed after the fee promotions. Obviously, the question on everyone's mind is whether we continue with the booking fee promotion or return to some level of service fee. And as you might imagine, that's not something we're prepared to give an indication on one way or the other on today's call.  What I can tell you is that we'll consider the fee in the context of the entire customer value proposition and the competitive environment for that market. We'll compare the fee removal to alternate means of how we might otherwise deploy capital and attracting and servicing travelers.  While air booking fees certainly have grabbed headlines recently, it's important to investors to appreciate that this is just one of many actions we've taken or planning to take to improve the experience across Expedia's portfolio of our various customers, suppliers, travelers, and advertisers. Hotels.com is one of our best examples when it comes to having meaningfully altered our traveler value proposition over the past few quarters.  From eliminating change/cancel fees to lowering hotel booking fees to our successful welcome rewards program offering travelers one free hotel night for every ten nights booked to a consistent and maniacal focus on site conversion. Put it all together and hotels.com grew Q1 room nights 14% while lapping a very strong Easter rated 2008 all the while spending 31% less in direct marketing cost.  Growing and expanding hotel selection is another way that we're improving the experience for both travelers and suppliers. Expedia's global hotel footprint now exceeds 100,000 properties up over 30% on a year-on-year basis, including over 9,000 incremental merchant properties in the European and Asia Pacific markets. Our total also includes nearly 15,000 unique properties from Venere and we now have included much of that selection on our worldwide hotels.com sites, as well as on many of our larger Expedia branded sites.  Finally, Expedia grew advertising and media revenue by 15% despite tough comps and a broader advertising market that shrank double digits offline and was down slightly online. Ad revenue now accounts for over 11% of Expedia's revenue base. Q1 advertising on our transaction sites grew a healthy 32% where we continue to innovate for advertisers with their travel ads and passport ads products.  Overall in advertising, we will still be hard-pressed to continue growing at recent rates, particularly as we lap our media acquisitions in the second half of the year, but we continue to believe TripAdvisor and our other advertising offerings represent one of Expedia's best long-term growth drivers and have successfully broadened or mindset beyond transactions to monetization.  In closing, I'd like to say that while I certainly expected to increase efficiency and focus from our global reorganization around our brands, what I didn't appreciate as much was how galvanizing the change would be, particularly when combined with our fee promotions.  I'm certainly seeing and hearing a more aggressive mindset with a renewed commitment to the customer experience in both my formal and informal meetings with employees. While I consider this a very positive development, it certainly won't be without its challenges and costs, but is the right approach for Expedia and for our long-term shareholders. 
Michael Adler: I'm going to focus my comments on our expenses and efficiencies, cash flows and liquidity and close with some thoughts on our broad expectations for Q2 and full year '09. On gross margin, you'll note that we saw 41 bps of deleverage in Q1. This might be surprising to some as I outlined a number of steps on the last call to reduce cost of sales, so I wanted to explain why the story is actually better than you might conclude from the numbers, specifically merchant fees, customer service and fulfillment account for roughly half of our total cost of sales.  The absolute dollar cost for these items was actually down $15 million year-on-year despite the 7% increase in transaction. Revenue pressure is masking these productivity improvements from a gross margin perspective. The good news is that when these impacts moderate and we get back to a more normalized revenue environment, we will be well positioned to participate on the upside from a margin perspective.  On OpEx, we saw leverage in our largest expense item selling in market. Despite the transaction uptick, total marketing costs decreased 18% or over $50 million with nearly all that savings coming on the direct send side. Indirect costs primarily our various sales forces, decreased slightly year-on-year, which was the first decrease in these costs since our spin-off from IAC.  While we anticipate relatively flat indirect marketing expenses going forward, on the direct side we'll likely see some upward year-on-year pressure as our reorganized brand teams launch more robust marketing efforts in Q2 and beyond. Keep in mind that lower CPC and other marketing rates have been favorable of late, as have ADR declines. Any rebound in those metrics would likely come at the expense of our efficiencies.  Finally, as a reminder, we started more aggressively pulling back direct marketing spend last year in Q3 as the economy weakened, so comps on marketing spend will get more difficult as we progress through the year.  Before I move to tech and content, you will notice part of our global reorganization we've moved some IT costs from G&A to tech and content where we think they're more appropriately classified. This does not impact total expenses. So, in today's release you'll find 2008 quarterly expenses under the new and old classifications. Tech and content increased 8% or $5 million year-on-year. Cash tech spend was essentially flat year-on-year despite increases from several acquisitions, and we expect to see fairly steady tech and content expense on the P&L as we move through '09.  On G&A, costs came in flat on the quarter at $59 million. We have made a number of reductions in G&A, which have been largely offset by the increased G&A of the companies we acquired in '08 as well as some higher legal fees. Note that we also meaningfully reduced our '08 bonus expenses the year we're on and business conditions worsened, which could make for a more difficult comp in the back half of the year. All in all, we expect to see modest dollar growth in '09 G&A expense. As with most companies, we did continue to see a meaningful year-on-year impact on our results from FX, but the book-to-stay loss associated with Merchant Hotel was much smaller in Q1 at $5.6 million, compared to what we saw in Q4. Also in Q1, we had some hedges in place that offset $500,000 of this loss, which we've included in OIBA. Note that gains and losses from revenue hedges are not included in revenue.  Given the recent ramp in our FX program, we should have better hedge coverage going forward. And assuming rates remain where they've been recently, the year-on-year negative impacts start to trail off as we move through the year. Free cash flow was $479 million in the first quarter, a decrease of 10%. Core operating earnings or OIBA, were relatively flat year-on-year. So, the bulk of the decline in cash flow is explained by higher interest in taxes and a small decrease in cash due to net working capital.  On taxes the difference is driven almost entirely by timing. Higher interest reflects our high yield issue from last summer. And the working capital detriment primarily arose from a decline in our merchant bookings of 13% year-on-year, which led to lower net cash benefit from working capital this year verses last. In addition, Q1 '09 cash flows benefited from Easter timing due to late quarter cast inflows.  Lastly, we did spend $10 million less in CapEx, and Q1 '09's $23 million of CapEx is in keeping with our likely average quarterly level of spend in '09. On the liquidity front, based on the strength of our operating results in cash flow, we fully repaid our $650 million draw on the revolver in Q1. Absent some deterioration in our business or exogenous events, we don't currently anticipate having to draw on the line prior to its expiration in August 2010. While we would ideally prefer to extend or renew the facility, Expedia generates enough internal cash flow that we don't anticipate needing to do so. Turning to expectations, we continue to believe that bookings, revenue, OIBA and free cash flow will decline year-on-year for full year '09. We manage modest OIBA growth in Q1, mostly due to marketing reductions. We do not expect such severe drops in marketing as the year progresses. For example, we have begun putting marketing muscle behind our recent ARP promotion and are ramping up marketing efforts in Europe, which bore the brunt of Q1 '09 reductions. So in Q2, we'll have less of a decrease in year-on-year marketing spend than in Q1. We'll also have at least an extra month of our booking fee promotion as well as some impact from our recent hotel fee action. On the plus side, we continue to see further acceleration in units here in early Q2, which will aid the top line.  With that let's turn to Q&A. Operator, would you please remind listeners how to ask a questions.  
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first comes from Mark Mahaney  Citigroup.
Mark Mahaney  Citigroup: I wanted to just ask about the hotel booking fee reduction elimination and some of your thoughts into why you initiated that? How do you think about balancing that verses the air fee reduction? Which is more important to you, do you think, as a driver of overall business?
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as hotel fees, in general, we have been working, I'd say, over the past year and a half certainly, to reduce reasons why consumers come to our site and don't book. Why they may search and they might go to another site and book. And of the consumers who come to our site and don't book with us, but book some place else around 3/4 book with supplier direct and 1/4 book with call it other competitor OTAs. So in general we've been trying to remove reasons why consumers don't book.  On the air booking fee side, that has always been its consumers see it. We have millions of consumers who had booked on our site despite the air booking fee, but we determined that based on the economic conditions, etc., consumers were becoming more price sensitive and we thought that a promotion on the air booking fee made a lot of sense.  On the hotel side, obviously hotels is the biggest part of our business and we have been, for example hotels.com, had been decreasing its hotel fees over time, eliminating change cancel fees so this was just kind of another action along a long-term path. We have to be competitive on price, both as far as the base fees that we negotiate with hotels and as far as other fees that we charge. And in a competitive marketplace, you have to do what it takes in order to get consumers to come to your site and book. I know that there has been some confusion on the financial ramifications of these actions and, while we're not going to talk about we are going to do, I can certainly size it for you. On the air booking fee, our best estimate suggests that for the month plus that we didn't have the air booking fee that we had air booking fee at zero that cost us on a net basis around $3 million for that month. And for hotel fees as well to the extent that we keep hotel fees at the levels they are now, I'm not saying that we are, but to the extent that we do, we don't have a lot of data on consumer response on that but we think it will cost us a similar amount on a monthly basis as the air fees do. So that's kind of where we are. And what we'll do, obviously we'll let you know to the extent that we take any actions one way or the other.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: A quick follow up, sources of market share gains, any comments on whether you think that's coming more from direct suppliers or from other travel agencies? 
Dara Khosrowshahi: We don't have enough data yet. Obviously, the other OTAs have not reported and so it's impossible for us to tell. We can certainly tell that we're taking overall share in the overall travel market, which is more important to us. A room night share in the U.S. is at record high, etc. but it's too early to see whether we've taken share from OTAs or supplier direct at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Anmuth - Barclays Capital. 
Douglas Anmuth  Barclays Capital: It looks like your revenue margin north of 12% in the quarter, I think was the highest in a 1Q in about five years. Obviously advertising had some meaningful contribution here, but can you talk about what else drove the revenue margin higher in the quarter on both the air and hotel side?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, advertising revenue is actually the biggest driver of the increase. We actually are also getting a benefit from a greater mix shift from air to hotel and that is a key driver as well. There are a couple of offsets in the figures. In particular in Europe, we are seeing a higher share of lower margins for strategic accounts, which is re-charting that growth just a bit. FX has almost no impact on the revenue margin. We get that question sometimes but it really is muted in the figures.  I would think it's mostly if you look at our hotel room nights they're up 13% versus air tickets that were down 4%, so I think that's the biggest story there. It's our higher margin products are growing faster, which is certainly a good thing. I think that's the biggest lever that you see in addition to advertising, which is our highest margin product. So we like those trends, we like the mix.
Michael Adler: Yes, I would agree in terms of what is different now. We've had that shift in past quarters but it's much more pronounced in this particular quarter, so definitely. 
Douglas Anmuth  Barclays Capital: And just a quick follow up while we're on the topic of advertising there that you mentioned, any early returns on the TripAdvisor meta-search product? I know it hasn't been out for long but any color you could provide would be good.
Dara Khosrowshahi: It's very early. I mean the acceptance and the excitement that it has created has been terrific. All of the industry press that you see on it has been praiseworthy. It has not been just a, me too product. I think the fee estimator that they have where you can determine what your total cost is going to be on an apples to apples basis based on how many bags you're going to check, etc., has been very well received and a terrific innovation. And from a traveler perspective, it offers not only the choice to go to supplier direct, but also to go to three big OTAs, Expedia, Hotwire and Travelocity. So from an innovation standpoint, from a choice standpoint, it's been great and it's just part of some I think really great investments that we're making in TripAdvisor. We opened up [Dow Dow] in China, which we think is a terrific product. And also we're getting into the vacation rental space as well. So the TripAdvisor folks are very, very busy and I think doing quite well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs. 
Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs: Michael, I think you discussed a little bit on the call about direct sales and marketing expenses obviously coming in. Can you talk about what you're seeing in CPCs relative to a year ago and even fourth quarter, and is that just a matter of your competitors kind of not in the marketplace? And then what kind of impact is that having on Trip or do you think that Trip will continue to see potentially price increases and demand from suppliers, as well as other OTAs for advertising?
Michael Adler: Great, thanks for the question. We definitely are seeing CPCs moderating in this environment. We also are seeing offline rates that are really improving for us. In particular, we are seeing a fair amount of distressed inventory that's actually increasing our optionality in terms of how we're looking to reach our consumers. In terms of how this is affecting TripAdvisor, I think there had been an impact on CPC rates that we had discussed last quarter, and I think we have seen that leveling off. 
Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then if you could just comment on the display side of Trip.
Michael Adler: On the display side of Trip, I would say the market for travel advertisers remains very, very strong for us. There is some weakness in non-travel advertisers as it may not be a surprise given what's going on in the economy. On the display side, we're not really seeing pricing pressure to any great degree.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And Jen, we're also getting hurt by FX rates as well. So if you look at average CPMs adjusted for FX, they come down, but if you don't adjust them for FX and general CPMs especially for travel advertising is holding up pretty well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Post - Merrill Lynch. 
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Dara, have you seen any big picture changes in consumer behavior, maybe more traffic into the site as people look for deals online in a tougher environment? Can you say maybe why 1Q might have improved versus fourth quarter? And then if you think about summer being a heavy travel season, do you think the booking window might have been compressed in that people were just delaying purchases that they might otherwise make and you might even see a bigger uptick as we approach the heavy travel season? 
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think in general on consumer behavior, we haven't seen a significant shift in consumer behavior as much as I'd say more of a shift on our supplier behavior. I think in the fourth quarter, some of our supply partners were caught off guard a bit as far as the severe depression and demand that started showing up and really didn't know which way to move. I think in Q1, we're seeing our supply partners working much more closely with our market mangers on a daily basis, what's going on in the market, what's demand looking like, how do the windows look three weeks out, four weeks out, five weeks out and really being much more focused on pricing and frankly, being more aggressive on the pricing side on the leisure front, which is helping demand and certainly helping demand in our marketplace.  So, I think suppliers are more aggressive, acting appropriately and I think that it is definitely stimulating the leisure market, which is why you see the transaction growth on the hotel side, which has continued into Q2. We'll see what happens with the swine flu, but certainly before this outbreak the momentum was even stronger. The OPEG channels continue to be very strong. Hotwire unique visitors are up very nicely, transactions were up 30% or so in Q1 so that's a continuing trend that hasn't changed. I'd say one other trend that has changed is that U.S. consumers are starting we're seeing some increase in U.S. demand going into Europe because of the strength of the dollar. In Q4 even though the dollar had gone a lot stronger, we didn't see really a response and demand but we are seeing a response and demand in Q1. On the other side of the equation, for example, London as a destination for us has been very, very strong. So again, that's another response to FX rates as far as where consumers are going. As far as a booking window goes, we do see some compression there, and as a result unfortunately our visibility is not what it used to be. We don't think it's a major driver but typically as we are approaching a holiday period things don't look that great and then once we hit the holiday period the bookings really pick up, which is exactly what we saw in Easter.
Michael Adler: On the booking window I would add we're seeing it pretty much the same on the air and the hotel side, as well.
Justin Post  Merrill Lynch: One quick follow-up, how much does Venere add maybe in room nights or revenues or bookings? Can you give us any help with that?
Dara Khosrowshahi: So we disclose in the earnings release the impact of acquisitions and we had a couple points of help on the top line. We do have a couple other acquisitions in there, most notably car rentals.com. We did have a negative impact from acquisitions in Q1 due to the normal seasonality of the Venere business actually having negative earnings in Q1. In terms of hotel room night growth, Venere was in our Q4 figures for a full quarter and is helping drive a couple points of the growth.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Imran Khan - JP Morgan. 
Imran Khan  JP Morgan:  I have two questions. Going back to sales and marketing I think you talked about how sales and marketing growth rate, decline rate will be lower than in Q1 and Q2. Can you give us some sense how should we think about that for the year? What kind of decline we will see in the sales and marketing on a year-over-year basis. And secondly, looking at the continental Europe, your overall international booking was roughly flat on a year-over-year basis on the local currency. What kind of trends are you seeing, you look at economy softening. Are you seeing the transactions slowing down or any color would be helpful?
Michael Adler: So on the sales and marketing front there's two pieces and on the indirect side we will see modest declines during the year. On the direct side we're going to react to the marketplace and we have a lot of flexibility in our spend and so we do want to get the word more out there about the great values that we're delivering to consumers but we think the drop, we actually decreased the sales and marketing direct spend down 22%.  Also we're not really sure whether or not we're going to continue to see the rates that we're seeing now, so even if we keep the advertising levels the same, if the economy picks up a bit, not that we're assuming that, we would expect our advertising costs to go up in the second half of the year.  So I think the most we can say is that it's really ramping compared to Q1. If you look at our past trends, we typically have a very large uptick from Q4 to Q1 and we really had a modest uptick this quarter so I do think that we will look to get a little bit closer to our normal seasonal spend trends.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think what's important for you to know, Imran, is that we're pretty confident that we set up our ad spend to essentially follow the transactions and revenue that we're seeing. So we'll scale it up or we'll scale it down based on those trends. We don't think though that we'll get quite the efficiency that you saw in Q1 on a go forward basis.  On Europe we have seen some slow down in transactions. In general international transactions were up 16% on a year-on-year basis. As far as on a country-by-country basis I'd say the two countries that are looking weaker than the rest for us are the U.K., which shouldn't be a surprise, and Germany is looking a bit weak. Part of that is because we did pull back on the ad spend coming into Q1 just because we didn't know what to expect. Another driver in the international transactions and gross bookings is a loss of Ryanair on our private label side. So we lost Ryanair, I think it was Q3 of last year so as we roll over the loss of Ryanair as a private label partner those comps should improve.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates.
Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates:  I wanted to follow-up on that last comment regarding marketing and measuring the effectiveness of that marketing. Why wouldn't you try to keep the direct marketing spend down if it seemed to not at least hurt in the first quarter. And secondly can you talk more about the car rental business? You comment, or at least you comment in the press release about the strength there, what's driving that, is it the OPEG end of the business, is it any acquisitions you made?
Michael Adler: So, on marketing we don't mean to say that we think that we're going to go back several years ago and put our foot down like many companies did on the increasing marketing expense at that time. We still do expect to have sales and marketing decline on a year-on-year basis. I think the point we're trying to make is that Q1 was unusually sharp decline and there were a number of factors at play in addition to uncertainty about the marketplace, particularly in Europe. And we just want to make sure that our investors understand not to expect that level of efficiency going forward. Obviously we want to spend the right amount, given the environment, and we want to be as effective and as efficient as possible and really try and cull out anything that's not earning its way. So we will continue to be diligent we just want to make sure the people understand what to look for going forward.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And Michael just to give you a little bit more context there, since Easter fell later this year than last year, we actually delayed some of the offline spend on the Expedia side in the U.S. So where as we are hyper vigilant about measuring our online spend and making sure that we get the right efficiencies and getting rid of spend that is not efficient, on the offline side that's harder to do.  We still think brand building is pretty important, so you are going to see some more brand spend in Q2 on balance in a relative to Q1 on the Expedia side. We think that's a worthwhile long-term investment, but we're not sure whether it's going to translate into transactions. You really can't measure brand spend the way that let's say you can measure offline spend, etc.  Another factor certainly in the increased efficiency on the marketing side was our SCO channel. We talked about improving our search engine optimization, improving the algorithmic kind of channel on search and that's been working out very well and we expect that to continue for the balance of the year. So that's certainly a good guy that's not going to disappear. On the car side of the business I'd say there're two factors, the OPEG side that you mentioned continues to be very strong. Hotwire is performing very well on the car side and also car rentals.com which is an acquisition is also performing quite well, so those two together account for much of the strength that we have on the car rental side.  And also one difference that you see on the car side unlike air and hotel is actually our gross booking per transaction on the car side is up on a year-on-year basis, so gross bookings on the car side are actually higher than transactions, so that's another positive that we're seeing there.
Michael Millman  Millman Research Associates:  The car rental companies keep telling us that they're cutting fleets and would suggest that there would be less cars available, at least on the OPEG side.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Well you know you're definitely seeing the effect of their cutting fees on pricing. Right now our availability on the OPEG side is quite good, I think because we're performing quite well. I'd say once we get into the summer travel season that's going to be the most challenging time for us as far as inventory goes, especially on the OPEG side. So I think for Q1 we got the goodness of the fleets being down and the pricing. I think as we approach the summer we're going to be very, very focused on inventory quality. So you're right about that, Mike.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Scott Hamann - KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Scott Hamann  KeyBanc Capital Markets:  Hey Dara on the last call I thought you had talked a little bit about seeing an improvement in the packaging business and I just was wondering relative to your expectations, it was down 18% for the quarter. How did that end up shaking out and what trends were you seeing there?
Dara Khosrowshahi:  The transaction trends on packages are a lot better than the revenue trends. So actually the transactions are improving, the unit sales are improving, and certainly on a book basis, packages look better. Now if you look at packages, remember that packages tend to have a longer booking window? So to the extent that you see booking trends improve you're going to see them in our numbers later. So I would expect that you should see package trends on a revenue basis my guess is as the year wears on, assuming that these trends stay, should improve.  But also be aware that on the transaction side packages are performing a lot better than revenue. One of the reasons why package sales were looking stronger for us is because pricing in packages is just excellent for consumers. That does hurt revenue for transaction but we think it's a good think for our consumers and in general, the revenue that we recognize on a package transaction is much better than let's say revenue on air or hotel. So overall we think it's a good thing.
Operator:  Your next question is a follow-up from Justin Post - Merrill Lynch. 
Justin Post  Merrill Lynch: Dara I just want to get back into the impact of the fee cuts from hotel and air. I think you said $3 million per month for each. Is there some offsets there on the marketing side or are you seeing more volumes that are helping keep that cost down? I think estimates out there were definitely higher than that.
Dara Khosrowshahi: These are best estimates and obviously we have not had these fee actions up for too long so I would stress that they are estimates. In general the offsets are unit lift and especially on the air side, for example, it is attached that we're getting and selling other product to our travelers who come into the store, buy an air ticket, obviously we have the opportunity to up-sell them into packages into hotels, etc. So those are the two factors. There is some marketing offset, but I'd say that's just one item in a mix of many items.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) I'm showing no further questions, I'll turn it back over to management for any closing remarks.
Stu Hass: Thank you everyone for listening in on the call today. We'll look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Dara, did you have any closing thoughts?
Dara Khosrowshahi:  No, just thank you to the Expedia employees. We've been through a difficult quarter with the reorganization and I think everyone executed very, very well and hopefully we'll have more of the same for the balance of the year. Thanks.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes Expedia Incorporated's First Quarter 2009 Conference Call. You may now disconnect. Thank you for using ACT teleconferencing.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-19 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Stu Haas - IR Dara Khosrowshahi - President and CEO Michael Adler - CFO
Analysts: Imran Khan - JPMorgan Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs Ron Josey - Barclays Capital Mark Mahaney - Citi Kevin Crissey - UBS Scott Hamann - KeyBanc Capital Markets Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates Justin Post - Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Expedia Incorporated Fourth Quarter 2008 Conference Call. During todays presentation all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation the conference will be open for questions. (Operator Instructions) This conference is being recorded today February 19, 2009. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host Mr. Stu Haas. Please go ahead, sir.
Stu Haas: Thank you, Operator. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us for Expedia, Inc.s financial results conference call for the fourth quarter and year-ended December 31, 2008. I am pleased to be joined on the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, Expedias CEO and President, and Michael Adler our CFO. The following discussion including responses to your questions reflects management's views as of today, February 19, 2009 only. As always some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking including comments on financial expectations and performance, operational results, margins, planned investments and spending, foreign exchange and growth of business lines. Actual results may differ materially. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. Please refer to today's press release and the companys filings with the SEC including Forms 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007 and subsequent 10-Qs for additional information about factors that could potentially affect our financial and operational results. During this call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures including OIBA, operating expenses excluding stock-based compensation, free cash flow, adjusted net income and adjusted EPS. In our press release, which is posted on the companys IR website at expediainc.com/ir you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures including reconciliations of the measures with the most comparable GAAP measures. Finally unless otherwise stated, all references to gross margin, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense, and technology and content expense, exclude stock-based compensation and all comparisons in the call will be against results for the comparable period of 2007. And with that, let me turn the call to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks Stu. Now it will be beyond (inaudible) to start with the call with how difficult the economic environment has been. So, we will spend the majority of today's call talking about how the environment affected Q4 results and what we are doing about it. Our hotel volumes actually held up pretty well, with 10% worldwide room night growth. In the US significantly above overall US demand which Smith Travel indicates was down around 5% in the September to December time period. On the downside, we have seen significantly weaker ADR trends relative to the industry. With our average ADRs down 10%, the weakest we have seen since 9/11, revenue per night down 19% on a worldwide basis, steeper than the ADR decline due to the impact of foreign exchange and to a lesser extent service fee reductions. Now, in this environment as our hotel partners look to fill rooms, they are turning to leisure segment, which seems to be displaying signs of short-term price elasticity. As a result, we have seen incredible deals in our marketplace which has brought down our ADRs faster than the industry average, a trend we see continuing into early 2009. We are encouraged as this pricing does seem to be stimulating demand. Weakening ADRs in the November to January time period have been met with improving room night growth with worldwide growth improving and into the double digits during that same period. January's room night growth was frankly very good.  Now, keep in mind that we do have costs high to transactions versus ADRs or dollars, so running higher volumes at lower unit prices does challenge our margins. In Q4, we saw some pretty negative volume trends in our air and package businesses. In early '09 however we are seeing airlines respond to lower demand curves with price cuts and we are in general seeing better package savings than ever. Both leading to better air ticket and package volume trends in January and February relative to what we saw in Q4. Whether these recent improved trends in air, packages and hotel room nights continue is unclear, but we are encouraged by the recent data.  I also want to quickly share some highlights on some of the 2009 focus areas that I mentioned on our last call. In marketing we have been improving our Search Engine Optimization capabilities, so that we can drive more traffic to this channel. We have seen benefits already as SEO traffic is growing in the double digits for both E.com and H.com here in the US and I expect substantial improvement in Europe in 2009. In conversion, we have had great success at Hotels.com both in Europe and especially in the US. Through a combination of site optimization, reduction of fees and our Welcome Rewards program in the US, we are driving higher transactions at lower spent. And continue to push on this in order to see similar improvement on other points of sales. Client additions in Q4 was very strong with bookable merchant properties up 15% sequentially and combined with our growing Venere agency hotel base Expedias bookable properties now are over 99,000 worldwide. As I mentioned earlier, promotional inventory is better than ever and we certainly see travelers clicking on and booking our great deals. To facilitate these deals and improve ongoing supplier interactions, we have launched Expedia Partner Central, which allows our hotel partners to better manage their rates, inventory and exposure in a marketplace. In advertising and media, we saw solid growth of 29% in Q4 '08 and we continue to see opportunity going forward. In 2009 TripAdvisor will expand its efforts in three areas of the travel-media space; meta-search, vacation rentals and China. We are building a new and innovative air meta-search product, which we expect to launch soon. We recently launched a new Vacation Rental product on TripAdvisor, which is powered by FlipKey, a recent acquisition. And later this year, we will officially launch our user-generated content product in China [dowdow.com]. We have earned terrific returns on capital invested in travel media and we will continue to invest where we think returns will be strong over the long-term. Now, Mike will cover our progress on cost reductions, but I would like to mention some decisions we have made in terms of compensation. We have decided to freeze salaries at 2008 levels, as have many other companies. We have significantly cut our 2008 annual bonus pool in light of softer results for the year. We also expect to find additional efficiencies here in 2009 as the recent global restructuring of our brands allows us to fundamentally change how we structure our functions and operate as a company. This kind of redesign takes a huge amount of effort and more time to effect, but we think it will result not only in cost efficiencies but also in our becoming a more nimble and competitive company. This unpredictable and unprecedented environment requires us to be especially thoughtful and vigilant in our approach and our teams are working harder than they have ever before. We certainly believe we are up for the challenge. Mike?
Michael Adler: Thanks, Dara. Let me begin with a couple of key trends in the business. First, we had a huge headwind in Q4 from the extreme volatility in foreign currency. Excluding the negative impact of FX, gross bookings would have been down by 8% and revenue would have grown by 1%. Not surprisingly, FX had its greatest impact on our business in Europe, where revenue would have grown 6% excluding the impact of foreign exchange. Absent FX for the quarter, OIBA would have been positive. Second, despite the pressure we saw on the top line, we do have businesses, which continue to grow even in this difficult environment albeit at slower rates. Hotwire continues to grow as its value conscious consumer proposition resonates well. Our advertising businesses continue to grow across the TripAdvisor Network as well as on our transactional sites. In Apex our gross bookings grow more than 20%. Third, volume in our hotel business is proving somewhat resilient to the economic climate. Room night volume continues to grow in the hotel front across most of our markets. This reinforces the value we bring to our hotel partners and to travelers in this environment. From a cost perspective, we understand the need to manage costs diligently. Through the process Dara described earlier, in actions already taken, we have achieved approximately $20 million of annualized cost savings from variable cost reductions primarily in cost of revenue and another $20 million from headcount reductions, which will be reflected primarily in operating expenses. We expect to achieve additional efficiencies from our global realignment and will have more to share with you on our Q1 call. We expect some related restructuring or one-time charges, which will be excluded from OIBA, but of course will be included in our GAAP results. We are also focused on continually improving management of our FX exposure. Since our gross bookings are reported on a booked basis and revenue on a stayed basis, there are differences in the FX impact between the two. In short, we have FX risk on our revenue based on currency movement between the time of booking and the time of the stay. The steak decline in the pound in the late part of 2008 created a significant headwind in the fourth quarter. Obviously if FX rates don't fluctuate significantly on a sequential basis in 2009, then we won't see this type of impact going forward. In Q4, we began hedging a small portion of the book to stay exposure, resulting in a net gain of nearly $2 million in the quarter and we are expanding the program here in Q1. I should note that gains or losses from these hedges offsetting the impact on revenue will be below the line in other net. Of course, like other FX gains and losses, they will be included in adjusted net income and adjusted EPS. The impairment charge we took in Q4 is essentially a result of the macroeconomic pressures on our business and the decline in our stock price, which required us to write-down the value of goodwill and intangibles for acquisitions made several years ago. But importantly there was no cash or operating impact from this charge and it certainly doesn't reflect on the fundamental health and strength of our businesses. We also amended our credit facility and there was no impact on the company's liquidity. Normally on our Q4 call, we would layout our OIBA expectations for the coming year. But given the uncertainty around FX, the economy and especially ADRs, we are not prepared to give an OIBA range at this time. Instead I will talk about how we see the current trends in the marketplace impacting our business going forward. We are currently assuming that the economy and the travel market will be challenging for all of 2009. No indications pointing to significant improvement. In hotel, the ADR trends clearly create headwinds for hotel revenue. We also have reduced hotel fees in the past and could make further reductions. We are however seeing solid room night growth early in the year in our economics with suppliers should be stable to improving as we become an increasingly important distribution channel for our hotel supply partners.  In air, our former bookings for the next several months show ticket prices continuing to trend down. We do have a few carrier contracts renewing in 2009 but don't expect the non fee portion of our air economics to change significantly this year. All in we think it is very likely that gross bookings and revenue will decline in full year 2009, and our operating plan assumes that will be the case.  On operating expenses, we are cutting back on marketing spend significantly and are raising the bar on our expected return. We will also see cost reductions from the activity, Dara and I referred to earlier. And lastly, while we expect both OIBA and free cash flow to decline in 2009, we are not providing any ranges for that decline due to the uncertainty and variability in the economy and the travel market. One quick housekeeping item; Easter falls in Q2 in 09 compared with Q1 in 08. This will make for relatively tough revenue and OIBA comps in Q1 and easier ones in Q2, all else being equal. With that we will turn to Q&A. Operator, would you please remind listeners how to ask a question.
Operator: Thank you, Sir. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Imran Khan from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Imran Khan - JPMorgan: Yes. Thank you very much for taking my questions. Dara, two questions. First, about booking fee. I think you talked about a 12% decline in tickets sold and one of your competitors had a 44% increase in tickets sold. So, trying to understand how much of that is size, versus how much is because they are discounting, they are not taking the booking fee and that's helping them to grow the business in your opinion. And would you consider removing the booking fee? And my second question is regarding advertising. Could you give us some color as to what kind of trends you're seeing on cost per click and the traffic conversion rate from the advertising? Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Imran. As far as booking fee goes, its difficult to tell exactly what portion of the share loss that we are seeing is due to booking fee and/or the overall momentum of the business. Youll remember that we increased our booking fee, maybe a year ago on Expedia from $5 to $7, it was around mid-year. And since then, we have seen some share loss, not just relative to price line, but relative to the OTA category in general. January, we saw reversal of that share loss, a pretty sharp reversal, but January is just one month. So, we don't know whether thats a continuing trend or not, but its certainly a good trend. And when we try to break down the share loss compared to the revenue gain from the increase in the booking fee, we still think its a net positive from a revenue contribution standpoint. Now, all that said, we are not happy with our unit volume growth in the air segment. We are watching it very closely. And youve seen us experiment a ton with booking fees last year. We are going to be taking a hard look at all aspects of our air business and booking fee as part of it. So, I don't think that the book is by any means closed as far as booking fees go. On the advertising areas, the trends in general, the traffic trends have been quite good, especially in Europe. CPCs, we have certainly seen pressure come on the CPC area, and advertising and media segment along with ADRs coming down. So, average daily rates for online travel agencies, in general, have come down. They have self-corrected as far as what they are willing to bid and Google and other direct channels including TripAdvisor. So, we are seeing a bit of pressure on the CPC side on TripAdvisor. We are looking at the advertising and media area from a bigger picture, while we are seeing CPC pressure. What we are trying to do is increase the addressable market for advertising and media segment, which is why you are seeing us going to metasearch. That's an area to which we didn't have any exposure. It's a new area to which we will have exposure that is going to go overtime. That's why you have seen us going to vacation rentals and the listings market, in general, which we think is a huge market. There are some big players there, like HomeAway.com and we certainly want to give them some competition, and then China is a new market that we are going into with TripAdvisor as well. And then on the transactional side, there are a number of new products that we are coming out with, for example, the travel ad product continues to get momentum and is growing very, very nicely, actually on a week-on-week basis. So, that's a new exposure area for us. Also, we are looking Google AdWords etcetera. So, we are seeing some great pressure on advertising and media, but we think the increase in exposure, the increase in new product, etc., is going to drive it to be a growth area in 2009.
Imran Khan - JPMorgan: Great, thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jennifer Watson with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs: Great, thank you. When we look at '08 results, we saw margins in the travel products business decline about 220 basis points year-over-year, if we exclude the advertising business. It seems like this trend has been prevalent prior to 2008 as well. Can you talk a little bit about what's driving this trend in your view, particularly as you have raised airline booking fees? How you can stabilize margins at current rates?
Michael Adler: Sure. As far as the margins go, when we look at the margins and the negotiated margins, so to speak, with our travel partners, we're seeing stability there in general. When we go out and renegotiate with our strategic partners, whereas two, three years ago you saw decreases in margins, those renegotiations are stable margins and, in some cases, already increased margins. And we are seeing on a local level with our local hotels, etc., they are coming in and asking for higher exposure and exchange for higher margin. In those cases, to the extent that we have a hotel partner who is looking for more exposure, we will try to help them out as best as we can. I'd say the decline in margins that you're seeing is more focused on our activity as it relates to the consumer and reducing the reasons, let's say, for a consumer to not book on Expedia. So, for example, on Expedia or Hotels.com, we have taken booking fees down on the hotel segment pretty consistently throughout the year. We have removed, eliminated change in cancellation fees, which hurts on a revenue basis, but we think increases the return type of business. And so those activities, which are more consumer-centric activities, have contributed to the reduction to the decline in margins. So, as far as our activity with our supply base, we see margins being stable to actually going up, especially on the hotel side of the coin.
Michael Adler: And to clarify, our revenue margin, excluding advertising and media, actually improved by 23 bps in Q4, so relatively flat, as you said.
Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs: All right. Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Doug Anmuth from Barclays Capital. Please go ahead.
Ron Josey - Barclays Capital: Hi, this is actually Ron Josey calling in for Doug. Two quick questions. The first is, it was refreshing to hear hotel air and packages rebounded somewhat in January. Im wondering if that's more due to typical seasonality or response to improved offers available to users. And is any insight in the summer travel going forward? Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi:  Sure, Ron. The trends that we are talking about are year-over-year trends, so they would typically take into account any seasonality that we see from January to January. I would say that last year's January for us was a little bit slow, so the comps are a bit easy. So we don't want to get our hopes up too much. But I think that part of what you're seeing, in prior calls thereve been a lot of discussions on whether our business was counter-cyclical or not. And I think what you saw in Q4, and certainly what we are hoping that you saw in Q4, is, as the environment got worse, there was a bit of the suppliers and the hoteliers, etc., really not knowing what to do. And not taking what I'll call aggressive action to try to build demand in a difficult market. And we think that in the December-January timeframe, a lot of our suppliers have leapt into action. We have a market management force that's out there on the streets talking with them, coaching them on what's going on, how demand patterns are looking. And I think that we are seeing our hoteliers being a lot more active in responding to the environment. The second note that you have to take here is that, another difference between our take Q4 and what we were seeing in January is that the business demand has gotten significantly worse.  We see that both in our agency business, on a same account basis, business demand has come down pretty significantly. The government certainly has not helped in the meetings and incentive business, it has, I think, done quite poorly in terms of the travel industry and what theyve said in the meeting, its an incentive meeting business. So, a lot of these larger hotels need help. They have taken action in January by working with us to stimulate demand and we are seeing the results of that action. So we saw it in January, we are seeing it continue in February. But its just a month and a half, and while we are happy with it, we don't want to get our hopes up too much. And then, of course, as far as summer goes, our booking windows are, we have some long booking windows, but its really too soon to call summer. What I will say is that March stays because of April, because of Easter, are going to look relatively poor and April stays are looking better because of Easter. So that's about the widest window that we have.
Ron Josey - Barclays Capital: Great, thank you very much.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney with Citi. Please go ahead.
Mark Mahaney - Citi: Thank you, two questions. Dara, I think on the last call, when I asked about the timing for the full integration of Venere, I think you said mid-2009. Could you give us an update on how that integration process is going? And then separately, in your breakout, it looks like this by brand, gross bookings other showed nice acceleration on a tough comp. I think in there is Hotwire, I think there is maybe a little bit of corporate and maybe a little (Inaudible). Could you break that down a little bit? What's performing best in that gross bookings other brand category? Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. The Venere integration remains on track. The teams are working very hard. The Venere teams along with Expedia and Hotel teams, and its on track for mid-year. Now, there is a limited amount of what I'll call limited integration on Hotels.com in Europe already, where some of the Venere hotels are showing up in the back of the sort. So, to the extent that there aren't merchant properties available, when call it a secondary or tertiary city, Venere properties are showing up. What youll see in mid-year is Venere properties showing up in the Expedias sort, and Venere property is showing up, intermingled with the merchant product for both Expedia and Hotels.com. So, it will be a much more proper integration, so to speak. So, that's on track and we are quite excited about it. We think the addition of that inventory can really help us in some secondary and tertiary markets, where Booking.com has a relative advantage. As far as the other drivers, I'd say the strongest two segments are Hotwire and our Asia Pacific segments. I think we were certainly listening to the results, pipeline strong results yesterday and, if you look at our Hotwire business in the US, you will see very similar strong results that they had through the year. Hotwires revenue for Q4 was up 25%. Hotwires profits were up over 50%. So, that team is executing really well, but I think that they are also benefiting from the fact that they are in the opaque segment, they have no booking fees, their inventory is more attractive than it ever has been. So, its a combination of, I think, good execution and also a friendly environment for the Hotwire brands, and certainly we have seen it with price line as well. Asia Pacific segment, for us growth is still growing pretty healthily over a small base. We think we can do even better in 2009, and we are investing pretty aggressively in 09. And Egencia, on a relative basis, performed better than the leisure businesses. Although based on business travel demand in 09, what you'll see with Egencia is same-store sales, so to speak, are going to be down, but new sales, our ability to go out and get new clients are stronger than they ever have been.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: Thank you, Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Crissey with UBS. Please go ahead.
Kevin Crissey - UBS: Hi, everyone. Thank you. In terms of your air contracts, which air contracts do you have coming up and why do you expect to achieve some more terms to prior contracts?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Kevin, we don't disclose the specific contracts that are coming up or the negotiations that are coming up. I think that we are in contact with our airline partners on a continuing basis. And there are contracts that are renegotiated all the time and I'd say, the economics with our supply partners, in general, these are both our hotel and air partners, are more stable than call at the last round of negotiations.
Kevin Crissey - UBS: Right, more stable doesn't necessarily imply stable, if you know what I'm saying, because the last round wasn't exactly very good for you, I guess.
Dara Khosrowshahi: No, I think the last round was, I don't want to characterize it as good or bad. But they are with some partners, they will be positives, with some partners, they will be negatives. We just don't think they are going to be, at least based on what we know now, we don't anticipate big step changes in economics similar to what we saw in the past. It doesn't mean every single deal is either going to be better or worse.
Kevin Crissey - UBS: Okay, terrific. And can you guys give details as to what percentage of international, what percentage of your air, your international itineraries?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I don't think that we disclose that in general. A third of our business is international and two-thirds is domestic. And I think for the airlines segment, its similar. It could be a little bit lower, because Hotwire is a domestic only player. But I think that the numbers are going to be roundabout similar
Kevin Crissey - UBS: Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: You're welcome.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Hamann with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Scott Hamann - KeyBanc: One of the competitors yesterday indicated that bad debt expense looked like it was picking up a bit internationally. Is that something that you're seeing as well, and just maybe a little color on that?
Capital Markets: One of the competitors yesterday indicated that bad debt expense looked like it was picking up a bit internationally. Is that something that you're seeing as well, and just maybe a little color on that?
Michael Adler:  Yeah. I mean it is something that we are seeing. Our international partners, historically, have paid slower than our partners in the US, and we have seen some pressure on stretching that out. It's not something that we really anticipate, its going to be a problem for us going forward. And it's really related mostly to our advertising business and our corporate travel business. So we watch it closely and think that it's in pretty good shape.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think, Scott, one of the advantages that we have actually in the merchant model is that we don't have any kind of a collections issue on the merchant hotel business. So the consumer pays us directly. So we collect a 100%. Our collection rate is a 100%. And we are, in general, trying to remit on time or faster than on time to our hotel partners, especially the ones who are in need. But it is a real advantage of the merchant business in this kind of an environment, which is, our collection rate is perfect.
Scott Hamann - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. And then just on cash flow for 2009. I mean, can you just talk around some of the major drivers there, and what the use of free cash flow would be as we move through the year. I notice, it looks like there is going to be some debt pay down. But are you thinking about acquisitions and what can we expect?
Michael Adler:  Okay. So, in terms of free cash flow, the biggest driver is OIBA. And while we did say that we expect decline in OIBA, we will be generating significant amounts of OIBA in 2009. We also will be having significantly less CapEx in 2009, 2008, including a number of large real estate projects that will not be recurring. A fairly important part of our cash flow, as well, is from working capital, in particular from our merchant hotel business. And depending upon whether we see growth or not in that business, working capital will also be impacting our free cash flow next year. In terms of debt pay-down or acquisitions, thats actually not included in our free cash flow. Obviously, its included in our overall cash figures. We did indicate in our release that we would be paying down almost all of our revolver debt in the next day or two. So that is occurring. On the acquisition front, we did use about $500 million in cash in '08. In '09, I would say we don't expect the same level of activity or near the same level of activity. The market prices for deals, we don't yet think really reflects the value of businesses, but we will continue to be opportunistic and look at things as they come up.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think Scott, just to give you a bit more color on the use of cash. Certainly, I think our paying down the revolver and I think it was $550 million. Is that the number, should reflect the fact that we feel good about our cash flows early in the year and the balance sheet of the company. As far as use of cash in 2009, one significant factor is going to be the extension, if any, of our revolver in 2010. We do want to have significant liquidity of the company. We value flexibility. The revolver has given us that flexibility. To the extent that we know that we can extend the revolver beyond 2010, you will see us be more aggressive in general on cash use, but, until we know that we can extend in 2010, we will tend to use our cash early on at least in 2009 to build a cushion, so that we are not dependent on a refinancing. There have been a lot of companies, which have debt on refinancing happening, which have been trapped, and we don't want to fall into that same trap.
Scott Hamann - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Sounds fair, thanks a lot.
Dara Khosrowshahi: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Millman with Millman Research Associates. Please go ahead.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Thank you. Obviously, there has been a lot of discussion of the numbers that price line reported yesterday and so, in that connection, can you talk about Venere, if that model is doing, what the price line model has been doing in Europe. And, maybe generally, are we in a market, we will continue to be in a market where price becomes the most important factor for consumers and the merchant model, at least, just is not modeled for this economic environment? And then regarding the merchant, another question regarding the deferred merchant revenue. Is there some point that drops, where you have to make some significant decisions regarding cash flow and maybe covenants affected? Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Mike. As far as Venere in Europe and the overall merchant hotel business, the Venere production in Europe is not that different from, let's say, the production of our other businesses in Europe. If you look at Venere, it was owned by private equity holders and, I think, to some extent, it suffered from a lack of investment and IT functions and technology, which we are doing our best to make up for. So, when you look at Booking.com production in Europe, and you compare that to Venere production, Id say Booking.com is comfortably ahead of Venere for now. I don't think that the difference in the relative performance in Europe of the companies has really to do fundamentally with the merchant model versus agency model. It has to do with technology, search engine, marketing expertise, scale and a lot of other factors. And for example, you see our Hotels.com production in Europe not as good as Booking.com, but better than Venere and better than Expedia in Europe, because I think that group has jelled for a longer period. The technology is relatively newer and is executing very well, and we are quite confident that we can get Expedia to similar levels as well. So, we don't think that its a fundamental issue between merchant and agency. Now, the reason why we were attracted to the agency model is that we do think that the agency model has an advantage in secondary and tertiary markets with smaller hotels, where having an agency model is easier for those hotels. So, what we are trying to create is the right product for the right hotel sets. And as far as pricing, more important in this marketplace, I would say price is more important in this marketplace. And again, we think that the merchant model has actually responded quite well to price. To some extent, you see our average daily rates being lower than the industry's average daily rates. And while we haven't reported it, we are seeing it in the improving trends that we are seeing in unit sales in January, going into February as well. The second factor, and the advantage of the merchant model, is the ability for the package business to become a new opaque channel. And for example, in January, our package business is performing much, much better, certainly relative to Q4, because we are getting great discounts. Consumers are finding those discounts in our booking. So, I do take exception to any kind of statement saying that the merchant model isn't the model for this kind of a marketplace, because the merchant model, I think, in '09, is going to increase share gain versus, for example, in '08. I'm quite confident of that. Mike, do you want to talk about the working capital impact?
Michael Adler:  Yes. The question on working capital and the impact or potential impact on covenants is that there is no impact from the deferred merchant booking size on covenants. We have no minimum cash covenants.
Michael Millman - Millman Research Associates: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Dara, can we revisit the 1Q improvement? What do you think turned on in January, if anything? And was it fair to say that the booking metrics are actually better so far in 1Q than they were in 4Q in total dollars in addition to units? 
Dara Khosrowshahi: The booking metrics, you mean our gross bookings levels?
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Yes.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yeah. I dont want to, again, the specific gross bookings, etc., but I'd say, in general, unit metrics are better, ADRs are a little bit weaker. And I think that what you're seeing is a little bit of what I talked about previously, which is, our hotel partners moving from relative inaction in response to demand trends to action in response to demand trends. If you look at a typical hotel, typically there will be three large demand buckets for a hotel lobby, the meetings and incentives business, there will be the corporate business and there will be the transient leisure business. It's very hard on a short-term basis to stimulate the other two buckets. Meetings and incentives have long sales cycles. Business travel typically has longer sales cycles. By cutting prices on business travel, you're not going to necessarily stimulate business travel. So the one channel, the transient leisure traveler does seem to respond to stimulus and great prices and great deals. So we've seen a lot of activities from our supply partners December, January going to February on creating promotions, loading in better package inventory, etc., which has resulted in better unit growth. Again, that is somewhat offset by rate. But there is no question that we're seeing unit growth in the first quarter going to February that's better than what we saw in Q4. Again, its only a month and a half.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then a second bigger picture. As you look out to 2009 and 2010, obviously, you have three very large travel brands, and then you're getting into some other businesses, like advertising and other things youve talked about. What do you think is Expedias competitive advantage? Is it really knowing the traveler across platforms, and really having a good look at different customers, or do you think its just a scale that you bring that you can leverage expenses? What do you see as your long-term advantage as a company?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think that there are three areas. One is just scale of the business. As far as being able to talk to a partner and being able to deliver to them, not only demand across multiple channels, but demand across multiple geographies. There are very few companies that have built, there are very few, there is no real true worldwide travel brand out there and we are building three of them, Expedia, Hotels and TripAdvisor. So, the ability to go to a partner, discuss their needs and be able to help them across different brands, but also on a worldwide basis, we think, is a real advantage that translates into better economics, closer relationships, etc. If the hotel needs, is in need after a weekend, where a meeting is canceled, they will come to us first, because we can do more for them. The second, we think, is business intelligence, which is our ability to see what's going on in the marketplace, compare trends for Expedia, Hotels.com, Hotwire, etc. We think this is quite valuable and will be valuable on a go-forward basis, and there is a lot of best practice sharing that can happen among the various brands. The third area, we think, is the advertising and media space. And there are two reasons there. One is, if you look at our model in general, marketing is the highest expense of any OTA out there. So it provides us with a great hedge against marketing in general becoming more expensive. We are significant recipients of that. And, I think, on a go-forward basis, to the extent that you're seeing models hybridize much more. You see advertising on Amazon. Amazon getting into the listings business, etc. So, to the extent that 10 years from now this business, this online travel agency business turns into what Ill call an online travel business, where we will be delivering either transactions to our partners or [eyeballs] to our partners, our having a big stake in both the transactional side and advertising and media side of the equation. And being front and center on the technology delivery there, we think will be a great long-term advantage.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you. 
Dara Khosrowshahi:  You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, there are no further questions in the queue. I would like to turn the call back over to Stu Haas for closing remarks.
Stu Haas: Thank you for joining us on the call today and your questions. A replay will be available on the IR website shortly after the completion of the call. We certainly appreciate your interest in Expedia and look forward to convening with you again next quarter. Dara, did you want to make any final comments?
Dara Khosrowshahi: No, just thank you very much for joining the call and we hope to tell you much more after our first quarter call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the Expedia Incorporated Fourth Quarter 2008 Conference Call. We thank you for your participation and for using AT&T. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: [Stu Hoss] Dara Khosrowshahi - Chief Executive Officer, Director Michael B. Adler - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President
Analysts: Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan [Douglas Amooth] - Barclays Capital Brian Fitzgerald - Banc of America Securities Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Justin Post - Merrill Lynch Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley Michael Millman - Soleil-Millman Research Assoc.
Operator: Welcome to the Expedia, Inc. third quarter 2008 conference call. During todays presentation all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation the conference will be open for questions. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today Thursday, October 30, 2008. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. [Stu Hoss].
[Stu Hoss]: Welcome to Expedia, Inc.s financial results conference call for the third quarter ended September 30, 2008. Im pleased to be joined on the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, Expedias CEO and President, and Michael Adler, our CFO. The following discussion including responses to your questions reflects managements views as of today, October 30, 2008 only. As always some of the statements made on todays call are forward-looking including our comments on financial expectations and performance, operational results, margins, planned investments and spending, foreign exchange and growth of business lines. Actual results may differ materially. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. Please refer to todays press release and the companys filings with the SEC including our Forms 10K for the year ended December 31, 2007 and 10Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2008 for additional information about factors that could potentially affect our financial and operational results. During this call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures including OIBA, operating expenses excluding stock-based compensation, free cash flow, adjusted net income and adjusted EPS. In our press release which is posted on the companys IR website at www.expediainc.com/ir you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures including reconciliations of these measures with the most comparable GAAP measures. Finally unless otherwise stated, all references to gross margin, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense, and technology and content expense exclude stock-based compensation and all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2007. With that let me turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: As always, thank you to everyone for making the time to join us on the call. Given your positive feedback on our abbreviated remarks in Q2, weve decided to continue that approach this quarter. Were clearly living through an unprecedented period in financial and economic history. While government intervention has been aggressive, the measures taken to stem the tide will likely take some time to have an impact on the economy and in turn the consumer. As it relates to Expedia, the key development since Q2 is that the softness that we saw in the US and UK markets has extended to nearly all our geographies and all our key product areas; hotel, air, car and packages; now facing challenging dynamics. Even advertising and media, while still growing robustly, has slowed down in terms of traffic and click growth. Another key development is the acceleration and weakness as we moved through Q3 with a top line softening steadily through September and into October. In particular we saw distinct and broad step-down in transaction volumes during the week of the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy and AIG bailout, and we havent seen much of a rebound since. We also experienced a negative turn in currencies that meaningful hampered Q3 results, a trend weve unfortunately seen accelerate rather dramatically here in Q4. So what exactly does Expedia intend to do in these challenging times? Were going to focus in five areas: First, more efficient marketing; second, improved conversion; third, better supply; fourth, growing our non-transaction revenue; and fifth, lowering our costs. In marketing were going to harvest our SCO investments, improve monitoring the long tail of our search engine marketing efforts, export our targeted email successes from the US to Europe, and better align our brand span with the demand trends that were seeing. The improved conversion will continue to drive transactions through differentiated offerings such as reducing our hotel fees, eliminating change cancel penalties, and promotions such as our gas card. Well also continue to drive our global loyalty programs and optimize our sites to improve the conversion rates. Weve seen some success here with www.hotels.com. In supply [inaudible] not only adds meaningful supply to our existing roster but gives us a very effective recruiting tool going forward especially in Europe. On the non-transaction revenue front, while we recognize transactions may be harder to come by, were going to improve monetization regardless by expanding ad revenue streams on our transaction sites as well as increasing traveler adoption of high margin products such as insurance waivers and co-brand credit cards. Finally in the area of costs, our initial focus will be a real laser focus on variable cost reductions starting with our air fulfillment costs, merchant fees and lower cost per transaction in our call centers. In addition well be scrutinizing every piece of spend and investment for more near-term returns and ensuring that we appropriately size the expense burden of the company to however the demand picture unfolds. Real briefly on capital structure and uses of capital. Our long-term philosophy on these matters has not changed. Expedia can responsibly support greater leverage yet given the current state of the economy and capital markets, we will move forward with a greater emphasis on capital preservation and liquidity. A final note before I turn the call to Mike. I think weve consistently been as candid and realistic as any management team in acknowledging the headwinds in our business, and its in that spirit that were acknowledging today that this is without a doubt the most difficult operating environment that weve seen. But make no mistake; we have a powerful franchise here at Expedia with the most recognized and valuable brands in travel, the broadest geographic footprint, the most diverse collection of platforms for our advertiser and supply partners, and more importantly than ever in this environment, considerable cash flow and a conservative balance sheet that afford us financial flexibility and the opportunity to emerge in an even stronger competitive position.
Michael B. Adler: Let me begin with a couple of key trends in the business. EDRs continue to soften in Q3 with our first quarter of negative growth in years. Forward-looking suggests even greater contraction in room rates in Q4. Room night growth also weakened significantly in September and into October, and at this time we dont have great visibility into when this tide will turn. Our air business had a tough Q3. Given capacity reductions are only accelerating here in Q4, we expect airfares to increase placing incremental pressure on ticket volumes and revenue. Weve mentioned this before but its the first time the industry has seen air ticket prices actually increasing in the face of an economic downturn, which combined with dramatically reduced lift in the key fly-to destinations such as Hawaii and Orlando makes for an especially challenging travel environment. As we indicated would be our approach, we adjusted marketing spend in Q3 to appropriately match the softening demand picture. As a result the direct portion of our selling and marketing expense grew just 4%, less than our revenue growth during the quarter with spending growth concentrated in our international markets. Total operating expenses grew just 8% leading to more than 100 bips of Q3 operating expense leverage. For the full year we expect operating expenses including selling and marketing will deleverage less than 100 bips against revenue in 2008. Its important to note that were having to undertake more aggressive promotional activity in this environment to stimulate demand. Much of that activity, including lower prices, reduced fees and offers such as our gas card, is not included in our marketing expense line item. Turning to expectations clearly the global economy, the consumer and in turn the travel industry are in meaningfully worse shape today than 90 days ago. Were seeing these trends significantly impacting the top line of the company. While year-to-date OIBA has grown 11%, we expect OIBA to decline year-on-year in Q4 and were likely going to see full-year OIBA growth in the low to mid-single digits, below our prior expectations. The reduction in expectations is due primarily to fx, and our current expectations assume exchange rates do not significantly move from recent levels. As it relates to fx, like any company with significant international operations, movements in exchange rates can have a meaningful impact on our financial results. While year-to-date our worldwide revenue growth has benefited more than 250 basis points from appreciating currencies, in September we saw almost no benefit. Here in October the dollar has continued to appreciate. As an example, as of this morning the British Pound is more than 20% below its average level from Q407. Given these recent dramatic currency shifts, absent a significant turnaround in rates, we will see a negative year-on-year impact from fx in Q4. As for 2009 we dont want to talk about our specific expectations today but its clear that next year is shaping up to be a very difficult one in travel with lower airline capacity hurting unit volumes, continued ADR pressure making it harder for us to translate any volume growth into revenue growth, and overall growth rates likely not benefiting from fx as they have since mid-2006. As such we think that revenue growth, if any, will be hard to come by placing even more of a premium on managing expense and investment levels as we finalize our 09 planning here in Q4. We now expect free cash flow will decline significantly in08based primarily on the softer booking volume we have recently seen in the business and to a lesser extent due to improved supplier payment processing. Whether 09 cash flow resumes growth will depend on our ability to grow OIBA as well as the relative growth rates of merchant hotels compared with our other working capital consuming businesses. We remain confident Expedias free cash flow over the long term will be substantial. With that well turn to Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan.
Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan: I was wondering if you could give us some color on what kind of trends youre seeing outside the US and the UK market in international business? Secondly, can you discuss cost per click and the traffic conversion rate you are seeing?
Michael B. Adler: The trends outside the US are pretty consistent in that Id say the US and the UK are the weaker markets but we are seeing some de-acceleration in Europe in the continental market. So when you look at France, Germany, Italy, etc. there was a pretty consistent de-acceleration in the very healthy growth rates that we had seen called in Q1 and Q2 going into Q3. We havent seen signs of a bounce back yet. Well be watching that pretty carefully and then obviously fx is hurting us pretty significantly there. We also saw some de-acceleration in the Asia Pacific regions as well.  To some extent whats unusual as far as what weve seen now is almost every channel of ours as far as geographies slowing down and every channel slowing down as well, the various brands as well as our private label business, that are to some extent dependent on third party demand as well; those are slowing down as well. So its been a pretty broad slowdown. Its something that were watching pretty carefully. The last couple of weeks have been a little more encouraging but its still a dogs breakfast out there. Its pretty tough. As far as cost per click and conversion, Id say on the cost per click side weve been managing that pretty carefully and the increases that we saw at the beginning of the year have certainly moderated. We have managed some higher cost per click areas out, some of the meta sites for example weve pulled back from, etc. So the cost per click increase has moderated to some extent. Id say conversion is mixed but encouraging. Id say on the Expedia side its been pretty flat. Hotels.com and Hotwire have been up pretty strongly so weve done good work on conversion there and well be very focused on conversion on the Expedia platforms going forward in Q4 and into next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from [Douglas Amooth] - Barclays Capital.
[Douglas Amooth] - Barclays Capital: Mike, you commented on free cash flow and in particular payment processing for the merchant hotels picking up. Have you seen that pick up even more in the last 90 days or is it still on PAR with what you said at 2Q earnings?  Secondly Dara, I think you commented earlier on Trip Advisor and the media and advertising business that you were also seeing some slowdown there. Can you provide some more color there in terms of traffic and also if youre able to hold up what you were getting in terms of rates over the last few months?
Michael B. Adler: On payment processing, I would say its about on PAR; perhaps modestly faster.
Dara Khosrowshahi: On Trip Advisor on the traffic front, traffic is still up and healthy overall. We have seen a slowdown in the traffic that were getting from Google in the US. So thats been one area where traffic growth has been moderating so to speak and well see what the trends look like further in Q4 and next year. On the sales side CPC rates Id say in the past couple of weeks have come down modestly and we think that thats not unexpected as far as a function of ADR trends that were seeing and some of the fx trends that were seeing. fx is starting to hurt Trip as well and especially next year since the European business is growing fastest, the fx rates are going to be a negative for us. So the traffic is growing but modulating and then CPCs are down slightly.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald - Banc of America Securities.
Brian Fitzgerald - Banc of America Securities: A question on ADRs. You had a blended ADR decline of 1%. Can you break out what youre seeing in terms of Europe versus the US maybe through October? And on a related basis, weve heard that hotels are taking steps to tighten capacity in order to maintain their ADRs. I think you guys mentioned that last quarter. Do you believe they can continue to do this throughout the downturn?
Dara Khosrowshahi: We dont specifically break out ADRs as far as the US and Europe. Suffice it to say in Q3 Europe was up kind of I call middle single digits and the ADR declined, and the US actually saw a mid-single-digit decline in ADRs. So all that averaged to the decline of 1% across our portfolio. On a go-forward basis we see those ADR trends, at least within our system, getting worse. Now when you compare that to the overall industry if you think about the leisure volume, the leisure volume is the volume for our hotel operators. Thats the most variable. The pricing lever for hotels on the leisure side is the most variable because to some extent they have negotiated long-term rates with businesses, meetings incentives, etc. So when they see some occupancy weakness, and if you look at the Smith Travel Report, occupancy over the last couple of weeks has been down pretty significantly, the first lever that theyre going to pull is ADRs on the leisure side and obviously were a very big partner out there. Were talking with them on a daily basis and trying to work with them in order to stimulate demand and keep occupancies up as much as possible. I would view us as a bit of a leading indicator as far as where ADRs are going and I do think that the trend that were seeing into Q4 is that our ADRs at least are going to be weaker in Q4 than what you saw in Q3.
Michael B. Adler: On Europe ADRs Id point out that going forward those are going to be impacted by the fx.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. Thats actually the second hit for us; Europe.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney - Citigroup.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: Three questions. The timing of the integration of Venere, when do you think that could have a material impact on your European business? Secondly, any trouble signs yet in terms of conflicts with having expanded the level of advertising on your core transaction sites? Anything there that through experimentation makes you more confident in your ability to put advertising on those sites? Finally, to what extent do you have to consider headcount reductions or workforce reductions over the next 12 months?
Michael B. Adler: As far as the integration of Venere goes, what Id first say is Venere itself as a point of sale isnt going to be integrated. Were going to run Venere as we do our other points of sale which is teams that are driving the look and feel of outside marketing, etc. The integration that were looking at is on the supply side and its looking at taking the Venere inventory and possibly making it available one way or the other on the Expedia and Hotels.com sites on a worldwide basis or definitely in Europe. The timing of that integration is not clear yet. Well have more to say on that on the next call but suffice it to say that through 2009 we expect to see something happening there and hopefully well start seeing some of the Venere hotels on Expedias Hotels.com. The range is Id say the middle of 09 is probably a good date for you guys to target and hopefully well see it. We expect a nice pickup as far as the volume going to those hotels. Again, well have more to say in the next call. As far as the conflicts on the transactional side and the advertising and media business, weve been Id say pretty cautious about how we move forward. Were kind of measuring cannibalization all the time as we introduce advertising on the sites and from a measurement standpoint we really havent seen any kind of drop down in conversion, etc. as a result of our adding advertising to our sites. What were just careful about is the user experience. We dont want users to not like flashing banners, etc. so were being pretty cautious as far as how were adding new advertising on, and to some extent were what I would say adding non-traditional advertising that really doesnt hurt the user experience. For example, our Travel Ads product. Its a sponsored listing. It looks like other listings out there. It doesnt interrupt the user experience but its highly, highly targeted for the hotels and were seeing some good response there. So we see nice opportunity for advertising going into next year and the sort of advertising on our transactional sites is going to be a pretty significant growth driver going into 2009 at least based on the trends that were seeing now.
Dara Khosrowshahi: On the people side, the first area that were looking at and we think the biggest area of opportunity for us is in the non-people cost. Its in the variable costs, etc. I think its really important for a company like ours right now to focus on execution on a lot of the projects that weve been investing in, the technology projects, etc. and bringing those through. I think were going to see where volumes come out. We are in an incredibly volatile time and based on where 09 numbers are coming out, well look at all costs including people costs as well. But were just not there yet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Post - Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: On the acquisition contribution, nice disclosure there. What are the drivers there? Is it mostly Venere or is there some other things in there?
Dara Khosrowshahi: That absolutely includes Venere this quarter for the first time but there are the other acquisitions that we have made throughout the year as well that are driving that.
Michael B. Adler: Id say Virtual Tourist is the other larger one and the other acquisitions are much smaller.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: When did that close exactly? Can you remember the exact date?
Michael B. Adler: Virtual Tourist was the end of Q2.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: And Venere?
Michael B. Adler: Early September.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Then on the hotel metrics, it looks like merchant hotel night volumes actually increased on a year-over-year basis. Could you describe whats driving that? And then revenue per night, I think currency was still helping you within the quarter, is down 6%. Could you talk about the drivers of why t hats down year-over-year?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Ill talk about the merchant hotel volume and Mike can talk about the revenue per room night. On the merchant hotel volume I think that it is a function of what I was talking about earlier which is really trying to drive conversion on our sites. Id say we were pretty aggressively promotional during the quarter. You saw the gas card promotion out there, we were bringing down service fees to some extent to understand how that affected volumes, etc. and ADRs we were driving sale activity to 50% sale across the board which did result in volume uptick. I think that what were seeing in Q4 and well see what happens next year is that the volume upticks that we saw in Q3 are softening based on especially what we talked about that week of the Lehman bankruptcy, etc. Obviously thats something, the conversion getting our visitors coming to our site and converting is going to be a big, big focus going forward.
Michael B. Adler: On revenue per room night, there are two main factors of the 6% decline. That is actually foreign exchange and service fees. On fx we really have substantially slower growth. We do have a small benefit for the quarter. Youre right when you say that but it was substantially less than last year at this time. So fx did absolutely impact the numbers in the quarter.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: On the service fee side it may be down 8% year-over-year? Is that kind of the way to think about it, in that range? I think it was down 6% in the quarter so I was just trying to get my arms around it.
Michael B. Adler: Revenue per room night is down 6%.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: On Hotels.com we did see some deceleration. Are you still seeing really robust growth? Was that more on the US side or would you say it was just equal deceleration across the board versus last quarter? I think you gave us the Hotels.com number last quarter.
Michael B. Adler: The de-acceleration has been pretty broad in that Europe is coming off of a much higher base so the European growth rates are higher but definitely weve seen de-acceleration in both Europe and the US on Hotels.com.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs.
Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs: Historically youve been very flexible with adjusting fees and running promotions on Hotels.com and Hotwire and even eliminating. Can you talk about how you see potentially doing that on the Expedia.com site either on a temporary basis or permanent basis in order to drive the transaction growth?
Michael B. Adler: Were going to test and learn Jennifer. Were pretty aggressively going in. We are testing fees fairly consistently on all of our sites. With Expedia you saw that we actually took the air fees up to $7 per transaction which to some extent hurt our ticket volume but we think was pretty positive on a revenue standpoint. On Expedia were really testing the interrelation of do we want to go out with a gas card promotion specifically or in general do we want to drop fees for Expedia as well. Were constantly testing and learning. I cant tell you one way or the other the absolute direction that we think were going in in Q4 and 2009. The one area that we are going to be pretty focused on Expedia for 2009 is really on the attach rate between consumers who come in and buy air product and then trying to make sure that we can upsell them car, hotels or as I mentioned earlier insurance; any other product that we can attach to that consumer. We think theres a big, big opportunity there. Our data mining capabilities, etc. are pretty significantly improved because weve built some good infrastructure there and really trying to increase the revenue per visitor, per user on Expedia is going to be a pretty significant focus on a go-forward basis, and we think a nice opportunity.
Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs: I know youve talked a bit about transactions and the slowdown that you saw in mid-September but can you also discuss what youre seeing in terms of consumers trading down?
Michael B. Adler: Were seeing that as far as the ADRs go on our various sites. The average ADRs that were seeing on a market-by-market basis have come down pretty significantly since Q2. Thats a combination of consumers trading down and the merchandising that were going forward with. We are going out there. We are securing better inventory from our hotel partners, and were coming out with a lot of sale activity, a lot of specials out there which do boost volume. The result might be consumers trading down but to some extent its because of our going out there and securing great deals for those consumers. Again its all about this theme of trying to drive conversion in a year where we think were going to be less aggressive on the marketing side lets say than we were this year or last year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley.
Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley: Could you elaborate on your ability to trim costs and streamline beyond headcount? Its clearly a scalable model when the revenue growth is strong. Could you give us some examples of how you might be able to take actual costs out of the business or what areas you might be able to focus on there?
Michael B. Adler: We are taking a hard look first at the variable costs of our business. Our call centers are largely outsourced and we have the ability to moderate the number of seats dedicated to our business up and down. We have a number of productivity initiatives targeted at reducing our credit card processing fees. Weve seen good results over the last year or two and we do see [inaudible] in our fulfillment expenses and we will continue on that side as well. We feel like we have opportunities to become more efficient, more effective on our sales and marketing line which is the largest expense driver for the company. I think those are the first areas of primary focus.
Dara Khosrowshahi: To some extent some of these opportunities are there because of technology investments that weve made in the platform Id say over the last 18 months. On the cost per call our taking that down to some extent is going to be a result of a new agent desktop that weve introduced that weve built over the past 18 months which because it makes it much easier for the agents to pull up information about the consumer, etc. we are already seeing it reducing the time per call for the agents and thats something thats going into next year. The reduction in merchant fees in Europe is the result to some extent of new merchant processing platforms that we built. These typically are not reductions that you can get out of looking at something with a two-month headway so to speak. These are technology investments that we put in place that we think are going to pay off in 2009, and Ill say that the timing couldnt be better so to speak.
Michael B. Adler: As Dara indicated, this is not a result of what were seeing in the market place. This is part of our continued work on improving productivity and the effectiveness of our spend, and we will continue to be diligent in that regard.
Vance Edelson - Morgan Stanley: I may have missed it, but given the strong balance sheet could you just remind us what your priorities are for the use of cash? Can you use periods of weakness like this to invest in IT for example or do other uses take preference right now?
Michael B. Adler: Id say our first priority is counting our cash on a daily basis and making sure its in our bank accounts. Im joking but Im half serious. Id say right now with the kinds of changes that were seeing in the capital markets and consumer sentiment, etc. cash is very dear and were going to be to some extent kind of in a cash conservation mode and watching. We are going to be looking at our capital expenditures, etc. in 09. We anticipate those coming down, hopefully significantly.  While we will make investments, we are call it highly appreciative of the environment around us and just as our cost of capital as a companys gone up, the cost of capital for internal projects have gone up as well. That said, once we do see some stability out there our long-term philosophy hasnt changed. To the extent that well allocate capital to the best resources out there, I think weve been quite effective on the mergers and acquisitions front. To the extent that we see some liquidity coming into the market, you can see us perhaps changing our tone and being a little bit more aggressive on the capital front.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Millman - Soleil-Millman Research Assoc.
Michael Millman - Soleil-Millman Research Assoc.: Can you talk about how Expedia can use the weakness that you see coming forward to improve your competitive position? Most of your competition is much smaller. In connection to sort of following up on someone elses question, you said youll have no booking fees on the off deal. Does that suggest that no booking fees might extend further?  Second question. Can you talk a little bit about what youre seeing in the rental car business, I think youve signed some agreements this year, whether youre able to get enough inventory to operate Hotwire on car rental? Can you update us on where you stand on data mining?
Michael B. Adler: As far as our taking advantage of the weakness, what youll see us do is really focus on call it from a consumer facing standpoint how do our products compare. If you look at some of the actions that weve taken over the past year, for example the introduction of the loyalty points out there; the thank you loyalty program that we have on Expedia, the 10-for-1 loyalty program welcome rewards that we have on Hotels, now [nectar] loyalty program that we have on Expedia in the UK; those are moves that weve made that have not been matched by our competition and to some extent those are moves that we can make because of the margins that we have per transaction and the overall financial strength of the company. Theyre real investments that were making in developing very loyal consumers in an industry where loyalty has been difficult to some extent to pull off. So those are the kinds of actions. We believe that if you book on Expedia, you are more likely to get a better price than on our competition. You will get points. We are dropping fees on a selective basis. On Hotels.com there is no change cancel fee, etc. and we think that as long as we focus on the product and focus on what the product looks like to a consumer, we can make moves that our competition to some extent cant. When you look at the AARP deal which I think that you were talking about thats a very specific channel similar to the Hotwire channel as far as fees go. Just like we talked about on Hotwire we dont have any air fees because we believe those consumers are much, much more sensitive to ticket pricing fees, etc. and weve maintained our stance of having no fees on Hotwire which has really helped out that business and helped us out overall. Same thing with AARP. We spoke with them; theyre a great partner to have; and we think that demographic to some extent is pretty focused on fees and we thought that going out with a no fees solution would be a win-win. Id say so far so good. Theyre a terrific partner to have and were very excited about bringing them on board. As far as your question on the rental car environment, Id say that not much has changed since the last time that we talked. The rental car companies have been more call it judicious as far as controlling their fleets, etc. We are seeing some price weakness going into late Q3 going into Q4 so we do think thats similar to the situation that youre seeing with hotels. Our revenue per rental day so to speak is going to be down on a year-over-year basis which is going to be a headwind. Again we think thats a good thing for our consumers and hopefully that can pick up the transactional trends but from a per transaction trend thats what were seeing on the rental car environment. I think you asked about data mining as well. I point out two areas on data mining that were focused on. One is that if you look at the email campaigns that we have on Expedia in the US, a much higher percentage of the emails that go out in the US are targeted emails. Targeted emails convert at much, much higher rates; five, 10, some of them 30 times the rates that call it non-targeted emails go out. For example, one program that we have is if we know that you have searched for a flight from Los Angeles to New York and you havent bought and we see those prices go down by lets say 10% or 15%, well send you another email that says, We saw you search for this flight. The price has changed. Do you want to buy? That email converts at multiples of call it an email thats not personalized 10 to 20 times non-personalized emails. Were going to expand those programs into the European markets and hopefully well see some good returns there.  The other area that were focused on is getting much better at presenting the right hotel to the right consumer and getting much smarter about our hotel sort and building intelligence behind a sort, the kinds of hotels that we sort that are the right hotels, theyre high converting hotels, there are great deals out there that are well reviewed by our consumers and also give us the right margins. So we think that optimizing based on a number of factors hopefully can drive a conversion on a go-forward basis. This is kind of new data mining technology that weve built.
Operator: Our next question comes from Justin Post - Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Dara, if you look at your expense structure, it really looks like sales and marketing is by far and away your biggest expense. I made a kind of cautious comment on 09 revenue growth. Im just wondering from a big picture basis, anything you can do to really rationalize that line and are there some lower cost alternatives you really think you could roll out and be interesting as we look out through 2009?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think that youve seen us rationalize our sales and marketing direct spend based on how the revenue trends have come in. Its not a new exercise. Its something that were focused on on a daily basis on every single point of sale that we have. When you break down our direct marketing costs, the search marketing for us on Google, the battle that we fought earlier in the year has been CPC inflation and really what were focused on is expanding the number of keywords that were bidding, mining the tail so to speak, something that for example Trip Advisors incredibly good at and really focusing on profitability on a keyword level which is something that certainly on a transactional site is in some sense harder to come by. But those are capabilities that were going to develop so that we actually drive efficiencies on the search engine marketing front. The biggest channel that we think can be a great offset to lower marketing efficiencies is the search engine optimization channel; its algorithmic search. Trip is very, very good at it. Hotels.com is getting much better at it especially in Europe. And as part of our building out our new platform by the end of the year we will have significantly improved site for SCO purposes and already as were rolling out parts of that technology we have seen some initial improvements in 2008 both in the US and Europe as far as SCO goes. So hopefully a big offset to and a big kind of free generator of traffic for us going into 2009 is going to be SCO which will allow us to offset call it either higher cost marketing channels or just add to the transactional base as were going into what could be a tough 09.
Operator: Id now like to turn the conference back to Mr. Hoss for any further remarks.
[Stu Hoss]: Thank you for joining us on the call today and for your questions. A replay will be available on the IR website shortly after the completion of this call. We appreciate your interest in Expedia and look forward to convening with you again next quarter. Dara, did you want to make any closing remarks?
Dara Khosrowshahi: No. I think its a pretty tough environment but were confident that weve got all the tools to make our way through it and Ill tell you the employee base here is energized and focused and knows that execution will be above all at this company its something that were very focused on. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and Gentlemen, this concludes the Expedia, Inc. third quarter 2008 conference call. You may now disconnect. Thank you for using AT&T teleconferencing and have a pleasant day.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and thank you for standing by.  Welcome to the Expedia Inc Second Quarter 2008 Conference Call. (Operator Instructions). As a remainder this conference is being recorded today, Thursday, July 31, 2008. At this time I would like to turn our presentation over to our host of conference call Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurers Stu Haas.  Please go ahead sir.
Stu Haas: Good morning and welcome to Expedia Incs financial results conference call for the second quarter ended June 30, 2008. I am pleased to be joined in the call today by Barry Diller Expedia's Chairman and Senior Executive, Dara Khosrowshahi, our CEO and President and Michael Adler, our CFO. The following discussion including responses to your questions reflects managements views as of today, July 31, 2008, only. As always, some of the statements made on todays call are forward-looking including our comments on financial expectations and performance, operational results, margins, planned investments and spending, and growth of business lines.  Actual results may differ materially.  We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information. Please refer to todays press release and the companys filings with the SEC including our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, for additional information about factors that could potentially affect our financial and operational results. During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, including OIBDA, operating expenses excluding stock-based compensation, free cash flow, adjusted net income, and adjusted EPS. In our press release, which is posted on the companys IR website at www.expediainc.com/ir, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures including reconciliations of the measures with the most comparable GAAP measures.  Finally, unless otherwise stated, all references to gross margin, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense, and technology and content expense exclude stock-based compensation, and all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2007. And with that, let me turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks Stu and thank you to everyone for making time to join us on the call.  In the interest of testing and learning which we do all the time with our businesses we going to significantly shorten our prepared remarks this quarter saving more time for Q&A which we suspect is more valuable to investors.  I will restrict my remark to the economic environment and capital allocation before Mike goes into some financial highlights. Now the subject at hand.  Economic environment is proving to be fairly challenging to say the least.  We are probably more cautious than most on our Q1 call and net net accessory were incremental in more cautious now.  As we face meaningful uncertainty in the marketplace and especially in the post labor day period, when air carriers reduced US capacities by 10 to 15%. While our air mix remains modest, it is difficult to predict the impact of such unprecedented reductions on our other business lines.  The fact is that in the current domestic market it is increasingly difficult and costly to capture the incremental booking as US travelers are shopping harder and harder.  ADRs are coming down which helps, but we are going beyond that and working along side our hotel partners to deliver truly exceptional deals for travelers to stimulate demand and gain share. For the near term outlook is big cloudy, investors should bear in mind that historically speaking travel spending has proven very resilient.  In fact there only have been few times in the last several decades where US travel spending has decreased year-to-year and when it has hit that rear rough spot, it has managed to rebound fairly quickly. Despite the difficult environment, I'm pleased with Expedia's future results as described in detail in today's release.  One area, I'm particularly enthusiastic about is the diversification on our business mix, where advertising and international businesses now deliver over 40% of worldwide revenues a big shift from 25% just three short years ago.  Domestically Hummer had a very strong quarter, while both E.com & H.com had their challenges for the reasons described earlier. Our European points of sale had a very solid performance even though the de-acceleration from Q1 due in part to Easter and in Q1, as well as some tougher comps this quarter.  To normalize for these we will point to revenue growth in the first half of '08 of 30% similar to the 29% we saw in the first half of '07. Bookings growth at Hotels.com Europe remains particularly strong at over 70%.  The UK continues to be a big part of our challenge in Europe, but there is also some evidence of macroeconomic softness extending into Continental Europe.  For now our overall growth rates look good, for the second half of '07 we will present some tougher comps.  Our planned acquisition of Venere adds to our momentum in Europe with Venere's agency model, we can offer a more comprehensive solution to hotel partners in the battle ground market. Venere sold over 3 million room nights in 2007 as almost 3 million monthly units, and already has agency agreements with nearly 30,000 hotels across the media sector, 10,000 of which are incremental to Expedia.  I expect the transaction to close in the third quarter. Our ad and media businesses continuing to flourish in Q2 growing over 60% organically to reach more than 9% of total revenue.  Trip continues its global push with its recent Beta launch in Japan and we are driving to launch in China by year end.  Ad revenue on our transaction site gained traction and accelerated in Q2 and we have now roll out travel ads out to two dozen markets and pricing and quick through are improving as more hoteliers see the benefit of this tool. One final area where I know there is significant interest is capital allocation. As you know over the past 18 months or so we have announced a number of acquisitions. To be clear we are allocating capital to areas that we believe are particularly attractive from a long-term result and accretion perspective and to areas that are highly strategic for us.  Specifically we consider the travel media sector as well as gaining more scale and supply in demand globally to be the core of Expedia's strategy moving forward. After a relative successive failure in allocating capital I would ask you to look at our track record to date in travel media.  This was an entirely new business to us four years ago when we acquired TripAdvisor.  Since then we have acquired seven additional media companies and assembling the TripAdvisor media network and in the aggregate of spent just over $400 million not including VirtualTourist which we acquired at the very end of this quarter. We now have a rapidly growing business that including inter company revenue generated 260 million of revenues and 129 of OIBA in the last four quarters.  Now, while I don't want to get into multiples or evaluations for TripAdvisor, I do think that by any measure a strategy and execution from the TA team led by Steve Kaufer has been exceptional.  Well likely slower acquisition pace in the back half of the year, but we will remain opportunistic as always. With that I will turn the call over to Mike.
Michael Adler: Thanks Dara.  I am going to cover Q2 results and financial expectations for full year '08.  On the hotel front the key driver in the quarter was 13% growth in volume, our fifth quarter of double-digit room night growth albeit a slower rate than we have seen in a while. ADRs grew 1%, down 200 basis points from Q1, and trailed industry averages due to our leisure and weakened SKU.  In air, ticket growth decelerated to impacted by 12% growth in the Apex and we would expect the capacity cuts coming up in Q3 and Q4 to continue to push air fares higher putting on going pressure on ticket volumes. Moving to revenue our merchant hotel business grew nicely in Europe and A-Pac, but we saw a deceleration in North America where room night and revenue per room night per night growth rates declined. In air we saw a 9% growth in revenue per ticket due to a combination of factors including a relatively easy comp driven by some one time items. We do not expect to see this level of year-over-year growth in revenue per ticket in the back half of the year. Operating expense growth was the lowest it has been in five quarters as we lack some of the initiatives we kicked off last year and made adjustments for the current economic conditions pairing back expenses where it made sense to do so. We intend to continue to balance prudent expense management against top line growth in the back half. We pulled back some sales and marketing spend as the quarter developed most significantly at Expedia.com and hotels.com.  While increasing sales and marketing in higher growth markets like Europe and Charlotte TripAdvisor and Hotwire here in the US.  We continue to expect that selling and marketing expense de leveraged in full year '08 will be less than the 235 basis points we had in ' 07. As for financial expectations, the uncertain economy and the air capacity reductions are medium headwinds facing the travel industry. Also the continental European economy which materially softened that would put additional pressure on our business, but as we did in Q2 carefully and navigate appropriately. As such, we continue to expect full year ' OIBA will grow in the low double digits. While we expect OIBA to grow working capital from our merchant hotel business is growing at a slower rate than we had anticipated due in part to lower than expected books growth. We also continue to partner with our suppliers and investment technology to improve invoicing and payment processes negatively impacting working capital.  And we expect to continue to see increased mix from businesses without the flow historically associated with our merchant hotel business. We expect that float from the merchant hotel business will constitute a smaller percent of free cash flow over time.  As for 2008 we believe free cash flow will decline for the full year. As a reminder, we typically have negative free cash flow in the second half of the year.  Even with the expected free cash flow decline in 2008 I would reiterate that Expedia continues to be a strong generator of free cash flow. Quickly, a couple of housekeeping items.  Interest expense from our new $400 million notes will be $8.5 million in each of Q3 and Q4 or roughly $0.02 per share after taxes per quarter. In addition, we are holding Euro cash balances to economically hedge our pending Venere purchase price. So our Q3 results may be impacted more than normal by Euro versus USD movements.  As of today, we have about a penny loss due to this hedge. With that, I will now turn the call over to Berry for some closing remarks ahead of questions.
Barry Diller: Thank you, Mike, I think you all know in spite of current conditions Expedia is certainly doing very well. I think you will also note that we operate the company for the long-term and I think it has been shown we do every smart thing to adjust to whatever the economic conditions of the day are.  I don't think it should much matter in valuation the company exactly what happens while in the throws of a negative macro cycle beyond, of course, operating sensibility.  I think there are only two things that do matter.  We are the leaders in travel and we have the ability to invest in our brands during the period.  The economy is certainly going to heel.  When? Who knows, but heel it will heal it will and consumers will start spending and they will certainly travel.  Travel as we all know is an enduring business.  When the economy does turn, here Expedia stands.  It will be stronger than we were before, not by chance but by a lot of design and an awful lot of effort and certainly investment. And I would say about the best execution I have seen in any enterprise I have looked carefully at.  So the thing for us to do is turn to questions.  Mr. Haas Will you conduct the questions?
Company Representative: Certainly, there I think let's move onto the Q&A portion of the call.  Please limit yourselves to one or two questions so we can fit more questions into the call today.  Operator could I ask you to please remind our listeners how to ask a question?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Justin Post: Thank you.  Since macro is such a topic of the call, a couple macro-related related questions here.  First Dara, how do you see the impact of air on your hotel volumes?  Do you think people might travel more locally and look for local deals so there could actually be a net neutral impact on your hotel or maybe rental car business?  How do you see that?  And then second thing, are you seeing traffic increases as people are doing more shopping to your sites but maybe lower conversion rates?  And, last thing, do you think you will get any exclusives that will help you compete against your competitors if conditions actually get worse?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Justin for the questions. I will try to remember all of them.  On the air volume, it is difficult to tell what kind of affect the air volume is going to have on hotel bookings going forward.  We have certainly seen the effect of the most sensitive kind of metric that we see related to air volumes is pricing.  In average pricing, air ticket pricing was up close to the teens in Q2.  When we look at forward bookings, it is in the mid teens and we definitely see higher prices affecting our volume and we are starting to see those trends, for example, in July and I don't expect that to change.  We are not seeing the same kind of affect on our hotel business. So if you look at our business right now, the hotel business is in much stronger condition so to speak than the air business and that's something that we expect to see in Q3 and Q4.  I do think that one area that will be affected pretty significantly by not only air volumes but especially air prices is hotel pricing.  So for certain markets when  where you see air ticket, where you see capacity coming down and air pricing going up and those are markets that are where the consumer can't get to those markets driving.  It is what we call domestic fly through destinations.  It is a Hawaii, it's a Mexico, for example.  In those markets, I think you are going to see -- we are seeing and you will continue to see hotels bring down rates in ADRs in order to make up for the increased costs of customers getting to those markets.  I think on a go-forward basis as it relates to our financials, the most significant kind of affect that we anticipate seeing from air capacity is actually hotels moving down ADRs in order to stimulate more demand and I will say that consumers absolutely react to lower pricing. There is no question about it.  And we are working with our hotel partners to come in with better pricing and it absolutely stimulates demand. On the traffic conversion side, we are seeing conversion actually on the hotel side of the business is pretty solid because the inventory that we have is pretty good.  Conversion on the air side in general tends to be down.  I would say overall on our sites conversion is pretty solid though.  So we are not seeing big conversion issues. And then as far as exclusives go, we don't really think about -- we don't think exclusives are a good thing in the OLTA environment so to speak because if you got an exclusive, then one of your competitors will try to get an exclusive.  But we do have a lot of feet on the streets.  We are and want to be very competitive from a price perspective and so we do go to individual hotels all the time and secure specials.  For example, coming up on August 4 on Expedia and some of our other points of sales, we are launching a 50% off sale for around 500 hotels.  It is a huge sale. And we are really kind of upping the hurdle as far as securing great, great deals for consumers and we think that's the way forward.
Justin Post: Great thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Mahaney with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Mark Mahaney: Thanks.  I want to ask two questions, please. Those hybrid transaction advertising deals with travel partners like you have with Intercontinental Hotel Group. Do you think are there other ones like that in the platform, what kind of market appetite do you think there is for that? And then a free cash flow question.  Post this year, after this year do you think it is reasonable to assume that free cash flow can grow inline with OIBA or are there particular structural reasons that would mean that free cash flow growth will always be below OIBA growth? Thank you very much.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. On the question of the hybrid deals, I think that IHG was a bit of a unique situation there and they were very interested in that kind of a deal. The economics work for them. The economics worked for us. So we have not had -- most of the renewals that we have had with our hotel partners and most of the discussions that we have had with the chains have been along the lines of call it more traditional economics.  Let's negotiate margin levels. Let's negotiate access to supply, pricing, et cetera.  And I don't expect that to change.  We are very hard at work getting more IHG hotels on the site.  They are around, I think, over 3000 hotels that are going to be on the site, the majority of which are going to come up in the second half of this year.  And hopefully we will see terrific results for them and we will see terrific results for ourselves and maybe that will spur other partners to look at hybrid models like that as well.  Bit in general, I would say we are fairly neutral economically as to call it the traditional method or hybrid method. We just want to be flexible to work with our partners in ways that work for them and work for us as well.  And then Mike do you want to talk about free cash flow?
Mike Adler: Yes.  So free cash flow going forward, I would say that there is a number of factors and of course there are always puts and takes in any particular period.  We do think that we will continue to grow free cash flow fairly consistently with OIBA.  For example, just looking ahead to next year, we do expect our CapEx to be lower in '09 versus '08. '08 had some very large spikes in it for some real estate projects.  I think you will see our cash taxes level off.  So we will have a large increase from '07 to '08 in cash taxes.  That's a bit disproportionate. On the merchant hotel working capital fronts, we do expect that to continue to grow going forward, but probably less slowly than it has in the past as we continue to invest in technology and process improvements to make it easier to do business with for hotels. We think that is an important aspect of our proposition going forward.  And then on the other side, we are growing in businesses that are actually working capital -- consume working capitals as opposed to throw it off in the advertising business. As that gets bigger, that will require working capital, commitments, the corporate travel business and then Venere as an agency business doesn't have the characteristics of our merchant hotel business.  So net-net, yes, the answer is yes, that we do think that we can grow roughly in line.
Mark Mahaney: Thank you, Dara. Thank you, Michael.
Mike Adler: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you.  Our next question will come from the line of Doug Anmuth with Lehman Brothers.  Please go ahead.
Doug Anmuth: Great.  Thanks for talking my question.  Two questions, first on TripAdvisor.  Given the obvious strength in 2Q, its clearly an important part of the business, I think 22% of total OIBA.  Has TripAdvisor seen any negative affects at all related to macro and how resilient do you think that this business is going forward? And then, secondly, can you also comment on the impact of the departure of MSN in terms of the portal agreement? Thank you.
Barry Diller: Sure, Doug.  As far as TripAdvisor goes, we are watching pretty closely but we have not seen any real affect from the macro environment.  And I think it is typical for businesses that are growing at these kinds of growth rates. When your organic growth rates exceeds 50%, it is difficult to see where the macro environment affects kind of underlie those 50%. If the organic growth rate came down from 60 to 50 is that just large numbers or is that the macro environment.  So, in general, the business continues to be incredibly healthy.  We see a ton of potential still in the European markets, especially on the continental markets where we see more shift going into kind of CPC type advertising, the CBM advertising is very healthy across the world, and CPC rates are holding strong if not improving as partners continue to sign up, as more partners sign up with TripAdvisor as the TripAdvisor marketplace gets more competitive and as some of our partners continue to look for more traffic so to speak.  TripAdvisor is a very big gateway to more and more travelers on a worldwide basis and I would say traffic and eyeballs are becoming more dearer on a go forward basis in this kind of an economic environment.  And then there is Asia getting into China, getting into Japan.  We are very happy with the execution from the TripAdvisor team and, for now, we expect to see great things of them, but there is no question that we will be watching closely to see if the macro environment does have call it a material affect on that business.
Doug Anmuth: On MSN.
Dara Khosrowshahi: MSN has been a call it continually shrinking part of our business [not] going to zero.  In 2007 it was less than 2% of our worldwide gross bookings and revenue and it will prove for E.com to have some challenging comps for the back half of the year.  We think we can take some money that we were spending on MSN.com and spend it on other areas and there are other kind of large partners that are going to come online for us which, again, we think can offset that volume.  So it will be a bit of a challenge.  We have been a good partner for us and we wish them well but it is something that we were prepared for.  It is something that we certainly took into account as far as our volumes and our OIBA growth for the second half of the year.
Doug Anmuth: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you, our next question will come from line of Jennifer Watson with Goldman Sachs.  Please go ahead.
Jennifer Watson: Great, thank you.  Dara, can you talk a little bit about the strength in European EBITDA growth?  It was very robust in the second quarter accelerating year on year, and then how we can think about that through out the second half?  And then also can you just talk about what your guidance implies for the macroenvironment?  Does it assume that the environment stays as it is now or are you building in conservatism for things to worsen a little?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Good Jennifer.  I think the EBITDA growth in the second half to some extent that was planned.  If you look in Q1, the EBITDA growth was modest in Europe.  European numbers tend to be back half weighted so to speak.  So we plan to spend I would say aggressively going into Q1 and then call it Q2 to be in a little bit more of a harvest mode as far as advertising spend goes.  When you see the increase in our sales and marketing relative to the increase in revenues kind of being more in line in this quarter and actually direct spend was increased a little bit less than revenue.  Some of that was our call it more careful spending in Europe and, in particular, in the UK.  The UK market continues to show some weakness.  We are not going to spend call it aggressively into a weaker environment. Now, going into the second half for Europe, we are going to have tougher comps so I would not expect the kind of leverage that you saw in Q2 but we do expect to see solid numbers in the second half for Europe, especially in continental Europe which is performing quite well.  As far as the macroenvironment goes, I would say in general our assumptions for the macroenvironment are similar to what we see and for the travel environment are taking into consideration issues like capacity, cuts coming in for the US airlines.  So it is hard for us to have a take as to are things going to get worse or better, but we are certainly prepared and the way that I describe us is that we are trying to be flexible.  We are trying to have lots of hands on levers and react to the environment.
Jennifer Watson: Great, thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: You bet.
Operator: Thank you.  Our next question comes from the line of Imran Khan with JPMorgan.  Please go ahead.
Imran Khan: Yes. Hi. Thank you for making my questions. Two questions. First, I was wondering if you could give us some color, how big is the UK business compared to your total European business? And, secondly, you talked about average daily rate up 1%. Can you give us some color on what trend you are seeing US versus international?  Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. On the UK, the UK is about a third of the European business. It is and in general, the continental business is growing significantly faster than the UK. So a few years ago, it was a significantly larger portion of the business. The UK tends to be more profitable than the other continental business. The more mature our markets are, the US, the UK et cetera, where we have a strong brand presence, the higher our profit margins are because a higher percentage of our traffic comes from travelers coming direct to the site. So its about a third of our business and we expect that to decrease based on the growth rates that we are seeing and we certainly don't see that changing any time soon. We are going pretty aggressively into new continental European markets into Eastern Europe et cetera and the growth rates there are very, very high.  So based on geography, based on everything that we are doing, we do expect the UK to continue to become a smaller portion of our overall business. As far as ADRs go, ADRs in the US were actually negative on a year-on-year basis and European ADRs were positive, obviously helped by FX.  And, in general, the trends that we have seen in the US are ADRs to soften a bit.  You see the same numbers, you see kind of in the Smith travel data, Q1 ADRs were up 4%, Q2 ADRs were up 38. Last week ADRs were up 2 to 1. We will tend to kind of lead the industry as far as ADR softness partially because we are a consumer-driven business, partially because we are a promotional kind of outlet. So we don't expect North American ADRs to get any better and we do think that there could be some softness ahead.
Imran Khan: Got it.  Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: You bet.
Operator: Thank you.  Our next question comes from the line of Michael Millman with Soleil Securities.  Please go ahead.
Michael Millman: Thank you.  I want to talk or ask you about Venere in particular. Does this suggest that you want to build an agency model along with your merchant model? Do you see this as being -- giving you the ability to more competitive price to compete with booking and you won this at auction. So I was wondering that that means you paid a full price and if you might have some dilution and, finally with that, the 18,000 I think international hotels in inventory, does that compare with bookings 45,000 or there some discontinuity there? Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. I think the answer to most of your questions are, yes.  We are in the travel business. Our goal is to be the largest travel company in the world. And I guess we look at life and the markets that we want to enter and the business that we want to be in based on the consumer.  And I think on a go-forward basis, there is really no debate as to if there is going to be a very, very huge merchant hotel business and there's going to be a very, very large agency hotel business and frankly I think that the distinctions between the two on a go-forward basis are going to increasingly narrow. So Venere for us was an opportunity to use our cash flow to get into the agency hotel business, acquire a large number of hotels in Europe. I think the number for Venere is actually 30,000 hotels and around 10,000 of them being incremental to the merchant hotels that we have on Expedia. So I think we will essentially run the businesses separately.  The businesses will be helping each other et cetera.  And we will look at intermingling inventory to the extent that that is appropriate, but I think Venere is very strategic to what we do. Our main line business is the lodging business and whether that's merchant or agency, we want to be a big player and Venere gave us the chance to make an entry into that marketplace and we took it. As far as the price goes, we did win it at an auction. So I guess definitionaly we are paying a full price. I would say that the prices that have been reported publicly far exceed the price that we actually paid.
Michael Millman: And could you -- do you see bookings 45,000 inventory in the near term in the next several years?
Dara Khosrowshahi: No, I think with Venere we are at 30,000, adding 1,000 hotels on a monthly basis.  So we will get to that kind of inventory level but I certainly don't expect bookings.com to be standing still either. So I think one of the questions that we will have with Venere once we start working with their management and we haven't close yet, so the kind of interaction we can have with them is limited is how fast is it appropriate to increase their inventory? How do we look at inventory increases on the merchant side versus the agency side? And how do the businesses work together and how do we continue to invest in those marketplaces? So a lot of questions still. So we think we got a great management team. I was there with the company. It's the culture of that business is very similar to the culture and the feel that you get in Expedia businesses and it's a great, great brand and it's a great set of employees to join our company.
Michael Millman: Great.  Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you.  Our next question will come from the line of Brian Fitzgerald with Banc of America Securities.  Go ahead.
Brian Fitzgerald: Thanks.  You guys have talked before about during economic downturns thats been an opportune time to take share.  Can you share some of your thoughts on that strategy, would it require any type of price cuts and for example revenue margin in North America decline slightly, impacts from competitive hotel pricings, are you taking share here?  And second question is a derivative of that.  Are you still seeing a beneficial supply come in terms of OPEG and packages?  Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Brian, I think factually we are taking shares certainly in the domestic marketplace and the US marketplace.  Our room night growth is healthy and I think the trade off is going to be with ADRs. There is no question that the consumer right now is incrementally willing to spend less for the same product this year than they were last year because their pocketbooks are strained and we and our hotel partners have to work to get them those kinds of and when they get the deals, they do respond and they do respond in volume.  So when you compare our ADRs to industry ADRs, again you see the reflection of the industry using our platform as a promotional platform and I would say we are working better now with our industry partners than we ever have been. The relationships are closer. The day-to-day kind of tactical execution is better than it ever has been and what you will see is a gain in share with some weakness in ADR and some weakness in revenue per room night, which will put some pressure on bottom line margins. Not necessarily revenue margins but bottom line margins because their revenue per transaction should see some pressure. You are also seeing for us as far as our average ADRs and our revenue margin, there is a mixed shift, for example, going on into certain markets. The Las Vegas market has been very aggressive in taking down ADRs. Our room night growth there is quite healthy, but our revenue per transaction in Las Vegas is not the same revenue per transaction that we have on a national basis. So you are going to see some share shifts in call it leisure markets that are highly promotional, which could affect our revenue margin going forward. And then as far as the supply coming in, our supply growth is very solid. Our worldwide -- we have added -- our worldwide hotel count is up 23%, North America it's up 20%, Europe it is up 26%. So we are certainly not having any trouble bringing hotels into the marketplace. We have to make sure that we bring demand to those hotels. We don't want to add them to the marketplace and not get them any demand. So that is you have to kind of balance both demand and supply there but I would say that the quality of supply that we have in the marketplace right now is better than it ever has been.  I think it is going to continue to improve.  Now, we have access to inventory.  It is about pricing right now.  Again, we have never been able to pull off a 50% off sale which is going to be launched coming up in a couple of days and that is what you will call beneficial supply.  That's what I'm certainly calling beneficial supply that we are seeing in the North American marketplace. All right, next question.
Operator: Thank you, next question will come from line of Vince Edelson with Morgan Stanley, please go ahead.
Vince Edelson: Hi, thanks.  Just a follow-up on that last question on kind of the state of competition in the market given the economic slow down.  Outside of attracting business through lower prices, is there any meaningful ability to change your marketing message to kind of position yourselves better in light of the weaker economy to attract more business from the stretch consumers?  Is that something you are actively doing and do you see any change from your competition in that regard or is it really just pricing?  Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi: We have been pretty aggressively -- great question by the way.  We have been pretty aggressively changing our marketing message if for expedia.com, for example, to be much more promotional.  We talk about sales going on.  You will see messaging coming up in August that is going to be very promotional related to the big hotel sale that we are having and, for example, we have been pushing the gas card fairly aggressively as well.  It is a $50 gas card or $25 gas card that we have been getting -- giving our customers to the extent that they book hotel stays for two or three days.  Same thing with the hotels.com.  At the beginning of the year you saw us promoting reviews etc. which was part of a platform that we launched and the latest messaging has been, for example, we had a Memorial Day sale etc.  So our messaging has been very, very aggressive on sale, on price, on gas card etc. which we think is appropriate for the environment.  We are seeing some similar messaging from competition.  Orbitz is obviously messaging their new air product and on a net-net basis we are happy promoting hotels and if they want to promote air, that's okay as well.
Vince Edelson: Okay. Great. Thanks for that, and just one follow-up.  You mentioned reducing the overall ad budget this quarter, I think.  Are there other opportunities to reduce OpEx outside of advertising by looking for internal operating efficiency or anything else?  Can you comment on that opportunity?
Dara Khosrowshahi: We are looking at driving internal efficiencies all the time. As far as the add budget goes, I wouldnt call it a reduction.  It is just the increase in spend and direct ad spend has been much more in line with revenue than let's say last year when ad spend increased significantly higher than revenue increases.  I'm not saying that is necessarily good news or bad news.  Because we do want to invest in building our businesses and brands.  We think it is the right thing to do in this marketplace.  On the cost side, you have seen our SG&A growth is now significantly lower than our revenue growth.  That is something that we watch pretty closely and that's despite our SG&A being upped by a corporate move and some new real estate et cetera that we are bringing in that is increasing our SG&A.  We are looking for efficiencies all the time.  You do still see the investments that we are making on the technology side.  Technology in content span has been improved 30% this quarter.  So we are going to keep making investments on the technology side hopefully offset by some G&A leverage and sales and marketing increases not increasing the way that they did last year relative to revenue.
Vince Edelson: Okay, that's helpful.  Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you, sir.  (Operator Instruction)  Your next question comes from line of Jake Fuller with Thomas Weisel, please go ahead.
Jake Fuller: Good afternoon guys.  Two questions for you.  Number one, one of your major competitors is running a test of sponsored links on the main site.  Have you thought about that?  What has kept you from doing that in the past?  And secondarily, any changes on booking fees particularly on hotels in the US?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Jake. As far as sponsored links go we are looking at it.  We have been testing it actually in Europe.  So if you look on  it is kind of one of the advantages we have as we have got pretty significant obviously international operations we are running off of, typically similar platforms and we get to test and learn.  When you see us testing, you will typically see us testing in Europe as well.  So if you go to hotels.co.uk for example and you do a search, you will see some sponsor links from Google on the right side and we are testing with that and we are looking at cannibalization et cetera.  We will be testing and learning there.  We will be watching our competitor to see what happens.  Right now I would say that we are more focused on rolling out the UI that we have onto the new E3 platform and more focused on building out our UI to drive better search engine optimization and to start to see if we can more efficiently convert consumers based on UI testing et cetera.  So changing our UI in order to have sponsor links at least in the US on E.com is not the first order of business based on kind of the work we have in hand and we think there is a big opportunity in SCR for example, and we believe in focus and that's what we're going to go after.  That's where we will go after first.  We will keep testing in Europe. If we think it is appropriate in the US, we will. The second point I will make is we have essentially built our own sponsored listing engine with travel ads and it is integrated into the hotel pass in the US, it is integrated into hotels.com as well.  It is working well and the hotel users who are using it are getting a great return on it.  To the extent that that is something that we can launch and grow, which is internal, we think it is a better equation than using Google ad words, although I'm sure we will put one to the test versus the other to see what happens. As far as booking fees go, what I tell you, Jake, is we are constantly testing and learning. You saw lots of testing going on in Q2.  I think that -- I know that you are on this site a lot.  I think you will see more testing on a go forward basis and I will say in general we are quite comfortable where booking fees are and really what we are focused on is the end price to the consumer and booking fees are a part of that and really what we look at is what is the end price that we are getting for the consumer, especially on the hotel side, and I will tell you right now our hotel inventory is just exceptional and the end prices that we are getting to the consumes, I was on the site looking at some hotels in San Francisco, are significantly better than the competition and we think that consumers will react to that.
Jake Fuller: Thanks Dara.
Dara Khosrowshah: You are welcome
Operator: Thank at this time we have no additional questions at the conference and I will turn the presentation over to Mr. Haas at this time.
Stu Haas: Thank you and thank you all for joining us on the call today and for your questions.  A replay will be available on the IR website shortly after the completion of this call.  We certainly appreciate your interest in Expedia and look forward to talking to you next quarter.  Dara, do you have any final comments?
Dara Khosrowshah: Yeah, I just wanted to say we get to sit here and talk about what we have done during the quarter, but it is the employees of this company, who are doing it, and it is a tough environment, and I think that our team is executing especially well. So, my thank you to them.  And you should know that this is a team that is determined to keep executing going forward and it is our full expectation to do so.  Thank you.
Operator: Thank you management. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we will conclude today's teleconference presentation for Expedia second quarter 2008 conference call.  We do thank you for your participation.  At this time you may now disconnect.  Thank you for using AT&T HCT teleconferencing.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dara Khosrowshahi - President and Chief Executive Officer Michael Adler - Chief Financial Officer Stu Haas - Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer
Analysts: Aaron Kessler  Piper Jaffray Mark Mahaney  Citigroup  Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan Michael Millman - Soleil Securities Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs Scott Kessler with Standard and Poors Equity Doug Anmuth - Lehman Brothers Justin Post - Merrill Lynch Brian Fitzgerald - Bank of America Securities Marianne Wolk - Susquehanna Financial Group 
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you so much for standing by, and welcome to the Expedia Inc First Quarter 2008 Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) Ill now turn the conference over to Stu Haas, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer for Expedia. Please go ahead, sir.
Stu Haas: Thank you, Michael. Good morning, and welcome to Expedia Incs financial results conference call for the first quarter ended March 31, 2008. I am pleased to be joined in the call today by Dara Khosrowshahi, our CEO and President and Michael Adler, our CFO.  The following discussion including responses to your questions reflects managements views as of today, May 1, 2008, only. As always, some of the statements made on todays call are forward-looking including our comments on financial expectations and performance, operational results, margins, planned investments and spending, and growth of business lines. Actual results may differ materially. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information.  Please refer to todays press release and the companys filings with the SEC including our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, for additional information about factors that could potentially affect our financial and operational results. During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP measures, including OIBDA, operating expenses excluding stock-based compensation, free cash flow, adjusted net income, and adjusted EPS.  In our press release, which is posted on the companys IR website at www.expediainc.com/ir, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures including reconciliations of these measures with the most comparable GAAP measures. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all references to gross margin, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense, and technology and content expense exclude stock-based compensation, and all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2007.  With that, let me turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks Stu, and thank you to everyone for making the time to join us on the call. Expedia is off to a good start here in 2008. Our worldwide employees delivered strong Q1 top line growth of 20% in bookings and 25% in revenue, with Q1 operating income before amortization growing 21% on the strength of our merchant hotel and advertising businesses. Expedia continues to meaningfully diversify its business mix. With our international businesses accounting for 32% of worldwide revenue compared with 29% in Q1 of 07, and our advertising and media businesses grew 73% to account for more than 9% of worldwide revenue compared with less than 7% a year ago. On a trailing 4-quarter basis, our ad and media business now exceeds $200 million in high-margin revenue and is an integral piece of our travel marketplace strategy. From an air and hotel standpoint, Id say the first quarter came in about as we expected when we last gave you some color back in February. The US airline industry had another fairly robust quarter aided by Easter falling in March this year, compared to April in 07. Expedia drove double-digit ticket growth once again this quarter, albeit at a lower growth rate than recent quarters due in part to an 8% increase in air fares as the carriers struggled with oils steady upward climb. Air revenue per ticket grew 6% indicating further stabilization in our air economics, although we dont anticipate that type of growth continuing throughout the year. Going forward, I think its pretty safe to say that the air environment is going to get more challenging from here, and the carriers bias towards continued fare increases will only take on increased urgency given the price of oil and record crack spreads, accelerating capacity reductions in the back half of the year, recent bankruptcy filings, and a long rumor but now materializing industry consolidation. Frankly, this will not only directly impact demand, they also eat into travelers travel budgets, so lets continue to keep a close eye on developments there. On the hotel side, Expedia continued to see strong performance in Q1 with merchant hotel revenue growth above 20% for the third straight quarter. The difference in Q1 was our growth came exclusively from room nights with revenue per room night down 1% on lower ADR growth and lower margins. This margin reduction came from reducing barriers to purchase through package discounts, eliminating change fees at Hotels.com, and more competitive hotel pricing in general. As we indicated the trend on our last call, ADR growth of 3% in Q1 was down several hundred basis points from growth in Q4 reflecting the industry-wide decelerating in ADR growth anticipated for 08, as well as Expedias high relative exposure to the leisure weekend and mid-scale markets which have all seen slower growth in 08 compared with the overall hotel sector. Looking ahead, based on based on everything were hearing from travel suppliers and seeing forward booking patterns, Id say were incrementally more cautious about the traveler than we were last time we reported earnings, particularly as it relates to the back half of the year. That said, there are also portions of our business that will benefit from price-sensitive travel. Turning to our brand portfolio, Expedia.com had a solid quarter, but we do expect challenges going forward due to the US economy and higher ticket prices. Conversion has held steady, but traffic growth has been so much of a challenge in part due to our trimming marketing spend based on the macro environment. Room night growth accelerated, but lower ADR growth cut into some of the improvement. Looking ahead, we are very excited about our recently launched Summer of Adventure promotion which piggy-backs on the upcoming release of Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull. Weve got great advertising tie-ins with Burger King, Dr. Pepper, and some other great brands promoting the movie, as well as package savings up to 30% with 80% higher hotel participation than in our 07 summer sale. Our European points of sale drove 34% bookings growth in Q1. While this is strong absolute performance that we believe remains ahead of overall industry growth in Europe, it does mark a deceleration from the levels we saw in the back half of 2007. Our UK point of sale accounted for roughly half the deceleration from Q4 on a bookings basis due to the economy, reduced brand spend, and reduced tailwind from FX appreciation. As we said before, we do expect comps in Europe overall to get tougher as the year progresses and we comp high back half growth from 07. Hotwire had another great quarter with strong year on year growth in booking and revenue on robust traffic growth and improved conversion. Im particularly pleased with Hotwires continued top line success considering that we have a tough comp against 2007 without the travel port business. As always, Hotwire continues to innovate for its value-driver travelers with its recently debuted Deal Engine improving deal-based merchandising on the site including geographically targeted offers. Hotels.com grew worldwide gross bookings 22% in Q1its third straight quarter of above 20% growth. In the US, Hotels.com launched new branding and creative focused on hotel reviews, which seems to be resonating nicely with travelers. Both traffic and conversion are up on the site as the team aggressively monitors and addresses conversion inhibitors, and Hotels.com Europe continues to perform well, with bookings growth yet again over 50%. ECT grew bookings and revenue ahead of overall growth rates for Expedia Inc. We continue to keep a close eye on corporate demand, particularly in the US, but as of yet weve seen no signs of broad-based softness from corporate travelers. We will be watching this closely as we move into the back half of the year. Our APAC businesses continued along their high-growth trajectory in Q1 with booking and revenue both up over 50%. We were very pleased to launch the 17th Expedia-branded website in India in early March. Expedia.co.in offers India-based travelers access to our Expedia-wide platform benefits such as nearly 80,000 hotels and over 3000 attractions, but also local benefits such as payments in Rupees and dedicated care agents speaking both Hindi and English. As with many of our APAC sectors, its very early days in India, but we are delighted to have meaningful foothold in longer term markets such as Australia, China, Japan, New Zealand, and now India. Our advertising and media businesses continued to flourish in Q1 with over 50% organic growth on the acquisition of Airfarewatchdog.com and Holidaywatchdog.com in the UK. Trip-Advisor itself had another great Q1, not only financially but operationally. The content acceleration inherent in a business model like Trip-Advisor is reflected in Trips attaining the 15-million reviews and opinions threshold less than a year after hitting the 10-million mark. Were further leveraging Trips media leadership position, extending its search engine marketing and search engine optimization expertise across our own network and to the larger Expedia brand portfolio. Advertising revenue on our transaction sites continued to gain traction in Q1 with acceleration in growth compared with Q4. We continue to iterate on our nascent Travel Ads product to rigorous AB testing and have seen dramatically improved click-through as a result. Later this month, well be launch version 2.0 of Travel Ads in test markets featuring an improvements based on feedback from hoteliers including invoice billing, weekend versus weekday bucketing as an implementation of travel ads also on Hotels.com. On the supply front, PSG continues to excel. Just last week, we signed Air Berlin, Germanys #2 airline to a full content multi-year agreement. In hotel supply, weve welcomed some initial IHG properties back to our sites and were continuing to add market managers in Europe to drive our continental hotel acquisition. Weve got a long way to go in adding hotels, but net property additions in Q1 exceeded our goal. The upcoming edition of local language capability to our extranet should improve Expedias appeal to smaller market hoteliers. Before turning things over to Mike, I did want to make some brief comments around air booking fees as some of you have no doubt noticed that weve recently been testing these ranging from 0 to $8 on Expedia.com. I think the first thing to note is that this really is not a change of approach, as weve been experimenting with various fees in a number of geographies over the past year or so, and while I dont think weve reached any permanent conclusion on fees, we do believe that the fee level on a given market depends on many factorsfrom competitor rates and reactions to the maturity of the market to demand elasticity. I would also say that we dont view booking fees in isolation but in conjunction with other pieces of the customer value proposition that may change over time. The only thing that I can promise is that well continue to test and learn in each market and focus on assuring that were delivering appropriate total value to our travelers. In closing, 2008 is off to a good start, but were well aware of the challenges in the macro environment, consumer spend, and confidence, particularly as we move past the summer travel months. That said, we believe Expedia is well diversified and executing to drive sustained growth and long-term shareholder value, well positioned as a leader in travel to help our supply partners in times of need, and of course helping our travelers find great deals and great service. World-class companies deliver value in good times and bad times, and Expedias goal is to make good on that standard. With that, Ill turn the call over to Mike.
Mike Adler: Great! Thanks Dara. Good morning everyone! Rather than review information sufficiently covered in todays release Im going to provide more fulsome commentary in three areas of investor interest: Marketing efficiencies, the impact of foreign exchange on our business, and cash flow trends. Ill close with an update on our financial expectations for 2008. Selling and marketing costs are by far our single biggest expense, and as such the efficiency of this spend has a significant impact on both OIBDA margins and operating leverage. In Q1, selling and marketing expense increased 29%, ahead of revenue growth of 25%. This translated to 141 basis points of OIBDA margin deleverage. There are two key drivers. The first is increased personnel cost and higher growth in strategic areas of our business, including the Trip Advisor network and our other advertising teams, as well as our expanding staff, our European focus market managers and PSG to attract and retain properties in that market.  We added twice as many merchant hotels in Q1 08 in Europe compared to Q4 07. As would be expected, there is a ramp up where we are incurring costs without an immediate payoff, but our firm belief is that these are the right long-term investments to make. The second driver is our direct advertising efforts in Europe and APAC markets. In Europe, SCM is becoming a larger part of our marketing mix and were experiencing keyword inflation.  Weve also ramped offline spend in Europe to support the emerging Hotels.com brand, and weve seen lower efficiencies from our more recent private label deals. Another variable at play here is mix. On average, our international businesses have less sufficient marketing compared with our US businesses, since the latter has had the benefit of extensive long-term branding behind it. So as our international mix grows, it pulls down our overall marketing efficiency.  Over time, we expect international efficiency to improve, but as we expand into more countries, its a near term headwind. We continue to expect that selling and marketing expense will increase as a percentage of revenue for full year 08, but less so than the 235 basis points of deleverage in 2007. We also expect more deleverage from these expenses in Q2 compared to Q1 given the absence of Easter stay revenue. Turning to foreign exchange, this is a topic that is rightfully receiving more and more attention from the investment community. Expedia currently derives 32% of worldwide revenue from international markets, and we have our sights set on reaching the 50% mark, so understanding the FX impact on our model is becoming increasingly important. As with any company reporting in US dollars, our international operations generally benefit from the strengthening of foreign currencies versus the dollar.  In Q1, our gross bookings revenue both grew approximately 3% more than they would have had exchange rates remained the same as they were in the prior year period. Note that this is greater than the 1% to 2% benefit to Q1 07 top line figures. While we neither want nor deserve credit for these currency fluctuations, the fact is our results measured in dollars are better due to FX and have been since mid 2006. Needless to say, this is a double-edged sword, and if foreign currencies in places we do business were to begin depreciating against the dollar, our results would be negatively impacted. Another place in our financials where you see an impact from FX is in the Other Net line on our P&L. We take a gain or loss here to reflect the impact of FX on our foreign-denominated assets and liabilities including those due to intra-quarter movements in exchange rates.  A final note on FX: This is hard to quantify with precision, but obviously movements in currencies impact travel patterns. US travelers have found it increasingly more expensive to travel to Europe, while Europeans have been riding the strong Euro and Pound to New York, Las Vegas, and other popular US destinations. Q1 was fairly unique in that the Pound lost ground to the Dollar and the Euro, so we saw a negative impact on both our UK to Europe and UK to US businesses. Fortunately, we have meaningful traffic between the UK, continental Europe, and the US, so we have a bit of a natural hedge, but this dynamic is certainly something to be aware of. On cash flow, you will notice in todays release that while Expedias Q1 OIBDA grew 21%, our year on year operating cash flow was up just 5%. While most of the difference is in working capital related to our merchant hotel business, cash payments related to annual incentive comp net interest and taxes were approximately $30 million higher in Q1 08 compared with Q1 07. On the working capital front, Easter was certainly a large factor, as our February to March ramp in hotel bookings and in turn cash flow was more pronounced last year as people were still booking Easter travel in march, whereas that bookings ramp occurred in February in 2008, and the seasonal post-Easter low in bookings and cash hit us in March this year compared with April in 07. Further, revenue and OIBDA associated with Easter stays in Q1 08 were reflected in Q2 in 07, so we think comparing first half results in each year will be a more accurate indicator of year on year cash flows than either the first or second quarter in isolation.  Lastly our working capital benefit from merchant hotel in Q1 was also impacted by some year on year compression in the booking window, particularly at Hotels.com as well as more efficient payment processing. Its unclear whether the booking window compression is a reflection of an early Easter or perhaps later planning by families in uncertain economic times, but on the payables side we do expect the shorter pay cycle to continue going forward. Ill close with our revised expectations for 08. We remain appropriately cautious about the economic environment, and weve certainly seen some impact here early 08 on travelers and suppliers. We have slightly scaled back some of our investments in the business and continue to take measures to ensure flexibility as conditions evolve. Therefore, despite the challenges, we continue to expect full year OIBDA will grow in the low double digits in full year 08 absent any meaningful worsening in the ADR or airfare environment. We expect free cash flow to grow more slowly than OIBDA, given $140 to $150 million in CapEx and a lower working capital benefit for the reasons I touched on earlier. While we dont provide quarterly expectations, I do want to remind investors that Q2 will be a particularly tough comp due to the shift of revenue to Q1 due to an early Easter, our plan to aggressively market in Q2 to seat spring and summer travel, and our having to service most of our media acquisitions. As such, we anticipate modest Q2 OIBDA growth. Before moving to Q&A, two brief housekeeping items. Our gross bookings and other operational metrics now exclude results from a French joint venture in which we have a minority interest. Since results from the JV are not consolidated in our financial statements, we thought it more consistent from an analytical perspective to exclude them from these metrics as well. This has no impact on revenue, OIBDA, or cash flows. Second, we are excluding gains and losses relating to changes in the value of eLongs USD cash balances from adjusted net income and adjusted EPS as these amounts do not reflect changes in the economic value of these cash balances to Expedia, and they are not directly tied to the core operations of the business. Please note that this change increased Q1 adjusted EPS by a penny to $0.24 from $0.23 under our historical method of calculation. Weve provided adjusted metrics for bookings and adjusted EPS back to Q1 06 on page 14 of this mornings release. I want to thank everyone for your time today, and Ill now turn the call back to Stu to kick off Q&A.
Stu Haas: Thanks Mike. Lets move on to the Q&A portion of the call with Dara and Mike. As a reminder, please limit yourself to one or two questions, so we can fit more questioners into the call today. Michael, would you please remind our listeners how to ask a question?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question is coming from Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray. 
Aaron Kessler  Piper Jaffray: Hi guys, a couple of questions. First on the Hotwire business, it appears they had a good quarter. Do you believe Hotwire is somewhat countercyclical, or is it just that people are looking for a better deal, and on the European side, are you seeing similar growth in UK as opposed to continental Europe and any signs of a macro slowdown yet, or is this just really made tougher comps year over year? Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Aaron, on Hotwire, we definitely think that there are countercyclical elements in Hotwire. The kind of inventory that we are getting in the Hotwire marketplace is actually very very good, and there are certainly consumers coming and looking for deals.  Through a lot of good work that the Hotwire team has done, weve been able to push up conversion there, which then allows the team to go out and bid higher on terms on search engine marketing terms and also be more aggressive on the marketing side, which leads to higher volume, and if you look at Hotwires performance versus the macro environment, last year was a dynamite year. This year, I think is going to be a very very good year, and it happens to correlate with somewhat with the economy and also I think really good work again done by that team.  Also, just a reminder to you, top line comps are tough for Hotwire because we lost the Travels Gate business, but the business is performing really, really well regardless. You can also see a little bit of that countercyclical element in our package business as well; again, a little bit similar to the opaque channel, even though were not getting the kind of [inaudible] that we got two or three years ago on the package business, youre seeing growth again in the package business, and thats because the inventory in the package path is better, and consumers are definitely shopping around and looking for deals. As far as Europe goes, we definitely saw a macro slowdown in the UK, but I wouldnt put the slowdown in our business in the UK entirely on the macro environment. I think it is a more competitive marketplace, and we proactively took some marketing back on on UK in Q1. We are going to market a bit more aggressively in Q2, and were seeing decent volumes in the UK. If you look at revenue growth, in the continental business ex-UK in Europe, this quarter was 56% versus 58% in Q4 of 07, so ex-UK, the continental European revenue growth is essentially identical on a quarter to quarter basis. So, were watching the continental. We definitely dont see macro signs as far as any effect on travel there as of yet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Marianne Wolk with Susquehanna.
Marianne Wolk - Susquehanna Financial Group: Thanks. A couple of quick questions. On the advertising surge, in the past you told us that Trip-Advisor was roughly two-thirds of advertising. Is that still the case, or did some of the benefits that you saw on the Expedia.com site shift that balance? Also just wondering on the merchant hotel inventory in Europe, I thought you were riding around 15,000 merchant hotels over there. Is that the right property account? Just hoping you can give us a little update there too?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure Marianne. On Trip-Advisor, it still is more than two-thirds of the advertising there. There are seasonal effects there, but we expect it to be more than two-thirds. With some of the acquisitions that we have added into the Trip-Advisor Media Network, my anticipation is that its going to be well past two-thirds of the revenue there, but organic revenue growth in that whole sector is over 50%, very very healthy, and theres a ton of growth there not only in the US, but especially internationally. For example, Trip-Advisor we expect to be in Japan and China by the end of the year, just expanding the network. Were really not after revenue growth there, but its kind of establishing the Trip-Advisor profile there, trying to get local language reviews, etc., so very healthy growth on both sides and still over two-thirds. On the merchant hotel side, we are at 15,000 hotels in Europe. Its up 1000 this quarter, and we actually expect that pace going forward to accelerate because were pretty focused on investing not only in people and systems there which should ease the acquisitions of hotels in Europe and Asia Pacific region as well.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mark Mahaney with Citi. Please go ahead. 
Mark Mahaney  Citigroup : Okay, a couple of questions. First is any comments, Dara, on ability to gain greater access to hotel inventory in the US in this declining occupancy rate environment? Secondly, is there any way to know the European deceleration you saw? To what extent that was due to market share losses in the quarter? Are there any specific examples of hotelsI know the overall hotel count increased, but if you will were there major hotels that fell off, and then the advertising revenue, any comments on the international element of that and how thats growing? I know thats relatively small, but where that is. Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as access to hotels in the US or hotel inventory in the US, in the past three years, we have had very good access to inventory in the US, so as far as having the inventory and having the availability, that hasnt fundamentally changed. What has changed a bit in this kind environment is access to what I will call promotional inventory for the hotels, where to the extent that at least the pattern that we are seeing of the hoteliers in this kind of a market is occupancies are coming down, but remember that supply is up in the market place, so I still think that the number of room nights being bought are up on a year on year basis, and what hotels are trying to do is holding on to ADR gain to drive RevPAR.  Now what theyre doing with a channel like ours which is a significant channel but its a promotional channel is they are using our channel to drive promotional inventory, and the amount then of promotional inventory that we have available is increasing on a year on year basis which is also being reflected in our consumer behavior. If you look at the percentage of hotel bookings in a market like Miami, that is on promotional inventory; lets say, stay three nights, get a free night or 30% off, etc. The percentage of deals and transactions that are happening off promotional inventory is up pretty significantly. Another review of that for example is with our summer sale last year, we had around 1000 participating hotels, around 200 destinations, and this year, weve got 1800 participating hotels and around 200 destinations as well, so we had the inventory last year, we have the inventory this year. The difference is the access to the promotional inventory that we have. As far as Europe goes, the deceleration again I think is significantly attributable to the UK, and if you look at our growth rate, certainly in the continent, I think that the growth rates are significantly in excess of market growth rate in Europe. That said, certainly seeing Bookings.com growth rates last quarter, unless theres been significant deceleration there, I do think that theyre going to be growing faster than we are in Europe, but as far as the other competitors go, I think that we are doing just fine in Europe and we continue to share overall in Europe. As far as the hotel supply in Europe goes, were in good shape there. There are net adds. We dont see hotels dropping off in any kind of significant manner at all, and weve got IHG coming back towards the back half of the year, so on an inventory basis, we actually expect our hotel inventory in Europe to be significantly stronger by the end of this year than it is not. We think weve got good strength there. I think your last question was on international advertising. Mike, do you have the number there?
Michael Adler: Yeah. International advertising makes up approximately 20% to 25% of our total advertising revenue. It is an accelerating growth rate within Trip-Advisor, and then with respect to advertising on the transaction sites, our European advertising business is starting to scale very quickly as well, so we expect that number to increase.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And its significantly lower than the amount traffic that comes from the international sites, so we think that as you have the advertising dollars catch up to the traffic, you are going to have goodness there.
Operator: Thank you. Brian Fitzgerald with Bank of America Securities, please go ahead.
Brian Fitzgerald - Bank of America Securities:  Thanks guys. I wanted to drill down a bit on the impact of mergers in the airline business. Can we expect bookings to be impacted or would it be more subtle where you see an impact to ticket prices increasing on the consumers perhaps, same bookings levels but with less disposable income on higher prices, so youre getting less other things booked there, and I assume you took this consideration into your outlook going forward. 
Dara Khosrowshahi:  Brian, I think the answer is it depends. Ultimately the most relevant factor that we see affecting our bookings is ticket prices, and Im talking about our air bookings, and the depends part is it depends on what the airlines do as a result of consolidation. If they do take out capacity, that will naturally just by the laws of supply and demand drive up prices, and if they do drive up prices, along with lower capacity, that is going to have a negative effect on our air ticket volumes.  After the follow-on effect that it has on hotel bookings, travel, etc., I wouldnt expect that effect to be positive, but its soon to tell what that effect would be, so it might have some kind of negative effect on downstream spend, and if the consumer has a certain amount to spend on travel, if they have to spend more of their dollars on air ticket prices, theyre going to have less to spend on hotels and other local activities.  The other effect that we would expect to see is that a higher percentage of travelers traveling to drive markets, so more driving on vacation and kind of a quick one-level [inaudible] on that is that markets that we would expect to see most affected in the US are fly to domestic markets, so markets where youve got drive-to markets I think are going to be less affected as far as downstream impact, but fly-to markets are going to be somewhat effective because therell be less capacity flying in, and if people are flying, prices are going to be higher. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch:  Dara, you talked about the companys philosophy with the tax spend. Its clearly higher than some of your competitors. I was just wondering when you think we might start seeing that if we are not already and some of your results have already started affecting your bookings or do you think you will start to see some improvements on the marketing side or the customer efficiency side that we can start seeing, and then if you could also comment on the tax situation with cash flow. Which line in the cash flow statement would the year over year differences in paying more cash taxes show up in? 
Dara Khosrowshahi:  Sure. As far as the tax paying goes, Justin, Id say that youre seeing some returns on that spend, but certainly were not in the final innings there as far as the returns go. In general, if you look at conversion rates across our businesses, in the past, and again Im generalizing so there may be differences between point of sale, in general, conversion rates have been stable to going up. If you compare that to where we were three years ago, conversion rates were dropping. Past of the reason now is you could argue that theres actually more competition now than there was two to three years ago. Everyone is getting better at the game.  Part of the reason for the stability of conversion and part of the reason for increases in conversion are because of the technology investments that were making, very focused on why it is that consumers drop off, why it is that they dont convert and going in and fixing those issues and frankly having much better measurement tool than we did in the past.  Again, the returns that we are seeing, thats not the full returns that we expect, and I think that by end of the year, especially on Expedia.com point of sale and eventually in Europe, you want to go in to see different UIs. You will see our ability to move much faster and test and learn much more quickly as far as user interfaces and what works and what doesnt than we have in the past, and thats going to start this year towards the end of the year.  Last but certainly not least, weve talked about search engine optimization a lot, and getting our sites much more optimized for search which it isnt right now, that is also going to roll in this year, so that by the end of the year, I think our site will be significantly stronger on the SCO part, which will attract traffic that right now we essentially dont. So we do think that by the end of the year, its going to be a combination of traffic and its going to be hopefully continued goodness on the conversion side, and Mike is going to answer your cash tax question.
Michael Adler: I want to make sure I understand the question, as I heard it as which line item does the year on year change in cash tax payments appear on the cash flow. Is that right? 
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Im assuming one of the payable lines.
Michael Adler: Its an accounts payable/other accrued spending expenses and other current liabilities.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch:  Great. One followup  you did the deceleration in Europe bookings. Do you think that levels off at some point or is it some trend that we can expect to continue to see as we go through the year?
Dara Khosrowshahi:  Its hard to tell, Justin. I think that the UK on a year on year basis for the balance of the year should be better. Weve made some adjustments there, and so I think that will see better performance from the UK in the back half of the year versus the front half of the year. On the negative side, if you remember last year, we were rolling through decreases in air booking fees in Europe, and as we comp over kind of a light to light, which is no booking period to no booking fee, or low booking fee to low booking fee, some of the year on year growth is going to naturally decrease because of just the laughing effect. So were going to have positives and negatives. I dont want to be more specific than that. 
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Okay, and Dara have you ever given people the data on the mix between air and hotel in Europe? Can you help us out at all with that?
Dara Khosrowshahi:  What I would say on the mix, and Mike, correct me if I am wrong, is that in general EU has a lower air mix than the US. I think thats all weve said. 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Doug Anmuth with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead. 
Doug Anmuth - Lehman Brothers:  Thank you for taking my question. Dara, you mentioned your experiments with booking fees. Can you talk a little bit about what youve learned there so far and also whether you have any view on what the airlines could do with their booking fees? And then a second question  can you comment on the growth in revenue per air ticket  a little bit surprised to that positive this quarter.  
Dara Khosrowshahi:  As far as booking fees go, I dont think that were ready to make any kind of statements as far as what weve learned. We are still in the test and learn phase. Our ability to test what we are now is partially a result of some of the technology improvements that we made. We werent able to before test the way that we are now, and were in data collection mode. As I said in my prepared remarks, in the US, we dont see ourselves eliminating booking fees. We think as ticket prices go up as a percentage of the whole is fairly low and we dont see ourselves allocating more capital as a cut of booking fees would be to the domestic air business for Expedia.com. For Hotwire, we have cut booking fees; weve seen good response there and we dont see that changing on a go-forward basis. Again, if we have more to tell you, well certainly come out with it. Mike, do you want to talk about air revenue per ticket? 
Michael Adler:  Yes, thanks. First thing to note is that we actually have a fairly easy comp. If you go back and you look at Q107, youll see that the air revenue per ticket was down 20%. We did have some timing benefits in our favor in Q1, and I would say as compared to the 6%, a more normalized number is closer to 3% growth. I would also note that theres no real benefit to increased fees in that number as the tests that we ran really had an immaterial impact. Generally, we expect to there to be some unevenness in revenue per ticket, but we think thatll be pretty stable on a sequential basis in 08, but we certainly dont expect increases of this size in any of the subsequent quarters this year. 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Scott Kessler with Standard and Poors Equity. Please go ahead. 
Scott Kessler - Standard and Poors Equity:  Thanks a lot. Two questions about Europe. One is indications are that route rationalization is starting to occur there. Obviously theres been discussion about that occurring in the US as well. Im wondering if youve seen the impact in Europe at all, and if so, what do you think the affect would be on Expedias business. The second question I have is you highlighted a notion of keyword inflation in Europe. Im wondering if somehow you could quantify that. That would be helpful. 
Dara Khosrowshahi:  As far as Europe goes with route rationalization, we havent seen any kind of direct impact there. Again, similar to what you say, weve seen carriers talk about capacity and obviously to the extent that capacity does come down or growth in capacity comes down, well see some effect on pricing and we think that the same rules that apply to US will apply to Europe, which is higher ticket prices will probably result in lower demand, but we havent seen anything as of yet, Scott, so I think its too soon to comment as far as the effect on us. If we see anything next quarter, well certainly update you on that. As far as keyword inflation goes on Google, etc., we have seen keyword inflation. Its in the double digits. More than that were not to quantify.  Now as an entity, the good part about our advertising and media business is that to some extent were hedged against that. Were a big spender on search, but were a big spendee as well, and when you look at Trip-Advisor and the assets that we have there, some of the revenue growth that were seeing there is coming from higher CBC prices that travel companies out there are spending, and we certainly havent see any kind of effect on CPMs, etc. CPM in the advertising business is pretty strong. We havent seen any kind of economic effect as of yet. 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Jennifer Watson with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs:  Great, thank you. Can you talk a little bit about the margin structure of the business longer term and where you think it will stabilize? Obviously weve seen come contraction over the past several years, so I just wanted to get a sense of are you guys more focused targeted margin over time, or operating dollars? 
Dara Khosrowshahi:  Id say over the long term, we are focused on free cash flow generation and quantum OIBDA and quantum free cash flow, so we dont measure ourselves by the specific margin. We measure ourselves by the bottom line growth and how much cash that that company is throwing off. Now, there are puts and takes as far as margin on a go-forward basis, and I can certainly go through some of the puts and takes for you. The international business in general is a lower margin business than the US , the vast majority of that being on the marketing side. The marketing spend internationally is significantly higher than that of the US, and as the international business becomes a higher percentage of our overall business, youre going to see sales and marketing spend on an overall basis increase.  Over a long-term period, typically the more mature international markets have better marketing efficiencies, so over a long-term period, you might see some of that mitigated as some of the markets mature and we get more repeat passengers, etc. You will see as our media and advertising businesses grow as a percentage of total, you should see higher margins as a result of that, which could be offset with a fee cut, etc., that were taking in Europe for example. We are trying to remove barriers of entry for consumers. Weve been cutting fees in Europe.  Weve eliminated change/cancel fees on Hotels.com. Those kinds of actions definitely take a hit on short term profitability, but we think its the right long-term action to take. So I guess if I put it all together, again lots of puts and takes. I do think that on the G&A side of the business over the long term, we absolutely expect to see leverage there, and then otherwise, depending on the growth of the business internationally and domestically, you may see different effects on sales and marketing, etc.
Michael Adler: And I would add leverage on the tech and content line.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yeah, that should start happening, and again if you look on for example, last year we increased the spend on tech and content in G&A fairly significantly between Q4 of last year to Q1 of last year. You are not going to see that kind of increase this year. 
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Michael Millman with Soleil Securities. Please go ahead. 
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities:  Thank you. You mentioned that promotional hotels particularly in the US have increased. Can you talk about what the impact is on the bottom line or other lines and how that may impact your packaging, and secondly particularly in Europe, can you talk about hotel tenuringby that I mean once you have inventory, there is some natural growth in the amount of business you do between 1 year, 2 years, and sort of evening out at some point. 
Dara Khosrowshahi:  Sure, Michael. As far as the promotional hotels go, its hard to tell, but we think that the effect on the bottom line is essentially neutral, and I think you kind of see in Q1. To the effect that we are getting promotional inventory from the hotels, because of our margin structure, because we get a cut of the transaction, we make less per transaction just like the hotel makes less per transaction, so were promoting along with the hotel. So, that transaction is less profitable, but you do see it driving transaction growth. For example, if you look in Q1, we had a higher growth rate in merchant hotel room than weve had in I think two to three years, so you saw an acceleration in merchant hotel room night growth, but a decrease in revenue per room night, and thats exactly what wed to see and call it a promotional environment, so I think on a net-net basis, the two cancel out. Now, rate is higher margin. If you get a big rate on a hotel, there are essentially no costs associated with that, so to the extent that you are making up rate with volume, there are costs associated with that, customer service costs, fulfillment costs, so maybe it might be a slight negative as far as how the bottom line goes. In Europe, on hotel tenuring, I think the way that we view it is we want our growth rates in Europe to grow consistently with our hotel inventory, and if you look at the last year, the growth rates in Europe exceeded the growth in the number of hotel that we have in place, so just doing the math on that, youd expect that the sales per hotel would be increasing, and I think this year, were pretty focused on increasing the number of hotels that we have in the system as well, just to give our consumers more choice and increased breadth and depth. 
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities:  How long does that tenuring last typically before it sort of flattens out?
Dara Khosrowshahi:  Id say theres no typical. It depends on the market place. It depends on if the hotel is in a city center versus a seasonal hotel. There are certain hotels in New York, London, etc., where we do an enormous amount of business and were very very deep partners. The merchant business itself lends itself to driving very high volumes to strong hotel partners, and its a relationship that takes time.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Imran Khan with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan: Thank you for taking my questions. Two questionsDara, why dont delve a little deeper on your statement that you are incrementally cautious? Can you give us some color whether is it US, UK, or Continental Europe? Which part of US are you seeing more weakness? Any geographical color will be helpful, and secondly I think in your statement you said that you are doing very well compared to most of the competitors but Bookings.com is growing faster. Can you give us some color what kind of initiatives you are taking and when do you think you can catch up with them?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as the more cautious stance, I think its based on just the intelligence that we around in the market place. If you look at the Smith Research data, Q1 occupancies down 2.7%, and I think in general the trends point to weakening occupancies on a go-forward basis, and the question is whether ADRs are going to hold up the way that they are going to hold up. If there is any sector that I am more cautious about, it is the US consumer. I think there was some economic data, for example, yesterday that came out which is all of the economic issues that were seeing, gas prices, etc., are hitting the consumer wallet, and while we absolutely believe that the consumer is going to travel, that they are going to take those trips, we do think that they are going to be more cautious in their approach, and that if they are hurting in the pocket book, they are going to spend a bit less on that trip than they did last year or the year before. So its just everything that we see around us in the US. I think that the UK is going to be a bit more like us. Again, continental Europe were listening to all the signals that everyone else is listening to, but for us continental Europe demand remains very strong, and continental Europe demand especially in to the USthat kind of demand is quite powerful. As far as Booking.com goes, the plan to take them on is pretty similar to the plan that we had last time around, and again we said that we cant achieve everything overnight, which is much more aggressive supply acquisition on the European side. I think that, Mike, correct me if Im wrong, but we doubled the number of hotels in Q1 this year in Europe than in Q4, and our targets are going up from here, so much more aggressive hotel acquisition. Most aggressive acquisition in secondary and tertiary markets, so improving supply, and then some of what I talked about as far as the technology improvements. I think our UI is going to get better. Our search engine optimization across the board is going to get more effective, and then last but certainly not least, consumer-centric initiativeslowering booking fees for consumers in Europe even on the hotel side. Hotels.com in Europe has eliminated change/cancel fees, etc., so kind of across the board. Really trying to make our service the very best service out there, and I think were seeing it in the performance, and we expect a lot from that group going forward.
Operator:  Thank you, and there are no further questions at this time. Please continue with any closing comments. 
Michael Adler:  Thank you for joining us on the call today and your questions. A reply will be available on the IR website shortly after the completion of this call. Appreciate your interest in Expedia, and certainly look forward to talking with you again next quarter. 
Dara Khosrowshahi:  Thank you very much, and well talk to you next quarter, and special thanks to all of our employees who are working really really hard to make this happen, so thank you. 
Operator:  Alright, thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the Expedia Inc First Quarter 2008 Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-07 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Stu Haas - Senior Vice President Investor Relations, Treasurer Dara Khosrowshahi - Chief Executive Officer, Director Michael B. Adler - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Barry Diller - Chairman of the Board, Senior Executive
Analysts: Analyst for Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan Michael Millman - Soleil Securities Doug Anmuth - Lehman Brothers Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs Brian Fitzgerald - Banc of America Securities Marianne Wolk - Susquehanna Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray Justin Post - Merrill Lynch Mark Mahaney - Citigroup
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Expedia Inc. fourth quarter 2007 conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Stu Haas, Senior Vice President Investor Relations and Treasurer. Please go ahead, sir. 
Stu Haas: Good morning and welcome Expedia Inc.s financial results conference call for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2007. I am pleased to be joined on the call today by Barry Diller, Expedia's Chairman and Senior Executive; Dara Khosrowshahi, our CEO and President; and Michael Adler, our CFO.  The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects managements views as of today, February 7, 2008 only. As always, some of the statements made on todays call are forward-looking, including our comments on financial expectations and performance, operational results, margins, planned investments in spending, platform improvements, and growth of business lines. Actual results may differ materially. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information.  Please refer to todays press release and the companys filings with the SEC, including our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006 and subsequent 10-Q filings for additional information about factors that could potentially affect our financial and operational results.  During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, including OIBDA, operating expenses excluding stock-based compensation, free cash flow, adjusted net income, and adjusted EPS. In our press release, which is posted on the companys IR website at expediainc.com/ir, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with the most comparable GAAP measures.  Finally, unless otherwise stated, all references to gross margin, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense, and technology and content expense excludes stock-based compensation and all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2006.  And with that, let me turn the call over to Dara. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Stu and thank you to everyone for making the time to join the call. I do apologize in advance for my voice. Ive been knocked over by a flu so please bear with me as I try to make it through here.  Expedia made solid progress again in Q4, with accelerating growth in transactions, bookings, and revenue. We finished 2007 just shy of $20 billion in global bookings, with a record $669 million of OIBDA, growth of 12% versus 2006, and in line with our low double-digit expectation.  Expedia continued to diversify its business mix during the year, with international businesses delivering a record 36% of revenue in Q4. And our advertising and media businesses really came of age in 2007, accounting for 7% of full year revenue compared with just 4% a year ago.  Most importantly for long-term shareholders, we continued to make progress towards our goal of maximizing cash flow over the long-term while efficiently managing dilution. Expedia's free cash flow for 2007 grew 19% to $625 million and our share count was down 11% year over year, reflecting $55 million in share repurchases and measured equity grants.  Now I want to jump right into the question thats likely top of mind for many of you, which is how the economy is impacting Expedia here early in 2008.  As you might expect, based on what other companies in the travel space are saying, its a bit of a mixed bag right now. From an overall industry perspective, air travel continues to be fairly robust with carriers reporting solid traffic and forward bookings. Fare increases have had variable success but theres a clear bias from carriers to sacrifice loads for yield and to cut capacity even further should the consumer weakness warrant.  While sustained demand is obviously quite favorable for Expedia, higher fares are not. And if any of the rumored consolidation activity in the space comes to fruition, that would likely push fares even higher.  On the hotel side, according to industry experts, U.S. occupancies have generally been down year-on-year so far here early in 2008, and while overall industry ADR growth has been similar to full year 07, Expedia's ADR growth has been a few hundred basis points lower in North America and in Europe versus what we saw in Q4.  Based on the visibility we have for future periods, we see this trend continuing.  On the plus side, with lower occupancies we do see hotel inventory freeing up, leading to some great deals on our sites.  Putting it all together, January began slowly for Expedia but picked up as the month went on, helped in part by continued progress in our advertising and media businesses, as well as earlier and more aggressive marketing this Q1 than in 07, which drove anticipated unit volumes.  The big question is how trends will progress as we move into the heart of the year when top line comps get tougher.  While the external landscape is cloudy at best, what Ive made very clear internally is that Expedia must deliver growth and value for our travelers, suppliers, advertisers, and shareholders, regardless of the economic climate.  Turning to Q4 and our brand portfolio, Expedia.com executed well in the quarter, with continued strength in our telesales channel, contribution from the thank you rewards program, and success on the marketing front with our holiday sale, our Pirates of the Caribbean promotion, and our first official season as official travel sponsor of the NFL.  We are also pleased with the initial response to the Expedia Elite program, whose hundreds of thousands of high value members benefit from dedicated customer service and no change/cancel fees, among other perks.  Our European point of sale drove 35% FX neutral bookings growth, despite a pretty tough comp last Q4, which was our strongest growth quarter in 06. Our fee and pricing activity combined with proactive marketing spend were certainly significant factors behind Europes growth. Given the positive results thus far, and the substantial long-term growth opportunity, we intend to continue to aggressively invest in our marketing efforts in Europe in 2008 and beyond.  Hotwire had another great quarter with year-on-year bookings nearly doubling. For a second straight year, Hotwire secured J.D. Powers number one ranking for highest customer satisfaction for independent travel websites. While Hotwire has meaningfully diversified its business beyond air, it continues to make advances in that product, including the recent addition of Air Tram Content.  On the downside, Hotwires marketing partnership with Travel Ports Brands will not continue in 2008, which will present a headwind for the business. That said, weve already seen signs here in early 08 that Hotwires value proposition to suppliers and travelers continues to resonate, demonstrating once again the benefit of our diversified brand portfolio.  Hotels.com grew worldwide bookings 27% in Q4, its third straight quarter of accelerating growth. HCOM finished the year with over 2.6 billion in worldwide bookings, making it one of the worlds top five online travel brands. Hotels.coms growth in North America was similar to our 18% overall growth rate for that segment and in Europe, Hotels.com grew its bookings nearly 80% on the strength of our product offering, pricing activity, and marketing efforts.  ECT finished the year on an up note with Q4 bookings growth of 28%. Full year 07 bookings exceeded $1.3 billion from over 3,500 active client accounts. ECT has generally not seen corporate clients cut back on their spend but we have seen higher airfares from Q4 continue into early Q1. This could lead to lower future bookings as companies strive to remain within annual budgets but we have as yet seen no consistent evidence of that.  Our APAC business reached a milestone in 2007 with more than $500 million in annual gross bookings. Were looking forward to the launch of our India point of sale this year and also improving our existing websites in China, Australia, New Zealand, and Japan.  Given the opportunity, we may consider heavier incremental investment in the APAC region than we have historically.  Our advertising and media businesses continue to flourish, posting Q4 organic revenue growth in excess of 50% and contributing more than $180 million in high margin revenue for the full year. Trip Advisor continues to lead the way for us in ad and media. Its Cities Ive Visited app on Facebook has been downloaded more than 5 million times and TA's CPM business is significantly larger in 07 than it was in 06, complementing its core CPC offerings.  Advertising on our transactional sites grew 35% in Q4 and we continued to believe that theres additional opportunity there. Our [D Column] display media continues to expand and we are testing and learning with our travel ads products. Weve also hired an initial core of account executives to begin educating non-travel advertisers on Expedia's value.  I think we have a ton of work to do to get transactional advertising right but there is no doubt that the potential is there for a more significant contribution.  In closing on the brand portfolio, while we are certainly proud of nearly $20 million in 2007 bookings, we are also pleased with the number of brands meaningfully adding to our scaled. We finished the year with six of our businesses above or very near the $1 billion in annual bookings. Expedia sites in the U.S., U.K., and Canada, as well as Hotels.com, ECT, and Hotwire, and we believe the cupboard is full of future billionaires, with Expedia Germany, Hotels.com Europe, and our APAC businesses all eclipsing the $0.5 billion bookings mark in 07 with a collective growth rate of over 50%.  On the supply front, PSG continued to make progress with hoteliers in Q4, inking multi-year agreements with Starwood, IHG, and Kimpton. We finished 2007 with every major hotel chain under contract and nearly 80,000 bookable properties on our worldwide sites, including over 35,000 properties in Europe and APAC.  While we made some progress in expanding European hotel selection in 07, were not satisfied with our progress on this front. It will be a critical area of focus and investment in 08, particularly in smaller towns and cities in continental Europe.  On the air front, we progressed from stabilizing unit economics to working constructively with our partners to expand volumes. One great example is our recent partnership with Hawaiian Air. It began in Q4 with our driving share for Hawaiian in exchange for some compelling package discounts and has expanded here in early 08 with our NFL pro bowl promotion, featuring four first co-branded television campaign offering travelers exclusive rates to Honolulu for the big game. We hope to broaden these types of win-wins to our other valuable air partners.  A few comments real briefly on the technology front -- we are continuing to work on our re-platforming and as I mentioned last call, were not moving as quickly as I would prefer. Weve experienced delays in the rollout of the new platform and the upshot is well be delayed in realizing the benefits of our investments until late 2008 and likely into 2009.  There are plenty of things we can do to improve our traveler experiences beyond the platform, which is what we are focused on. But I would say that we wont see material improvements in the very near-term. In closing, were pleased with the 2007 that put Expedia back on a growth track. There is clearly significant uncertainty around the economy and the consumer as we wade into 2008 and we will certainly be mindful of those trends and make adjustments as required. That said, I do think its important for investors to understand that we are managing Expedia for more than the next quarter or the next year. Simply put, we think online travel has substantial, global runway and we intend to continue investing to improve our traveler experiences worldwide and in turn, drive sustained growth in long-term shareholder value.  With that, I will turn the call over to Mike. 
Michael B. Adler: Great. Thanks, Dara. Good morning, everyone. I am going to cover our Q4 results and close with our initial financial expectations for 2008.  Worldwide gross bookings grew 25% in Q4, driven by 18% growth in North American bookings and 47% growth in Europe, including nearly 80% growth at hotels.com Europe. Hotels.com is benefiting from its geographic expansion in Europe with points of sale in 25 countries now compared with 20 a year ago, as well as over 20% more merchant hotel properties.  Higher volumes bolster bookings growth in Q4, with unit growth of 14% in air tickets and 18% in hotel room nights.  As for pricing, we saw ADR growth of 6%, similar to what weve seen in the past few quarters. We did see lower ADR growth in December spill over to January.  On the air pricing front, fares grew sharply at 9%, including 8% growth in North America as carriers largely succeeded in passing along fuel price hikes through direct fare increases and fuel surcharges.  Revenue growth accelerated to 25%, led by 23% growth in merchant hotel revenue and 90% growth in advertising and media. Revenue growth was also supported by a 13% increase in air revenue, our second straight quarter of growth. While this increase was primarily fueled by another quarter of strong ticket growth, were also pleased to report that revenue per air ticket decreased just 2% in Q4 due to our consumer fee reductions. This lower rate of decline in Q4 is consistent with our expectation of stabilized economics upon comping GDS and North America carrier negotiations.  Revenue margin was up six basis points for Q4. For the full year, we finished up 30 basis points, reversing two years of declining rev margins on the strength of our advertising business and stabilization in our air and hotel products. Gross margin also expanded over 100 basis points in 07, benefiting from an increased mix of ad revenue and cost efficiencies.  Turning to operating expenses, total OpEx grew 34% in Q4, driving over 250 basis points of OIBDA margin deleverage, despite our revenue growth as we continue to invest in our various businesses.  As we indicated would be the case on last quarters call, selling and marketing expense growth accelerated in Q4 to 38%. The increase was driven by incremental spend across our brand portfolio with meaningful increases in direct marketing spend in both North America and Europe to leverage growth opportunities within those markets.  In addition, we increased indirect selling costs to strengthen teams in PSG, the Trip Advisor network, local expert, and ECT.  Looking ahead to selling and marketing in 08, while well avoid pushing on the string if travel significantly weakens, we believe great companies take share in choppy markets and we also believe our business model and financial flexibility afford us the opportunity to continue investing in growth markets across the globe, in both our transaction and media businesses. As such, we expect selling and marketing to increase as a percentage of revenue in 08 but less so than it did in 07.  Technology and content grew 55% in Q4 due to increased internal headcount, the ramp-up of offshore technology initiatives, and higher amortization. G&A was one area where we did see positive operating leverage with growth of 13% year-on-year due to increased payroll taxes on option exercises, increased headcount in Europe and IT, and increased legal costs.  2007 CapEx came in at $87 million. CapEx for the year would have been $100 million but there was a shift of $13 million from 07 to 08 due to timing of cash payments. Absent this timing impact, we would have roughly doubled CapEx in Q407 versus Q307 as we communicated on last quarters call.  We anticipate 08 CapEx, including the $13 million shifted from Q407 will come in at $140 million to $150 million, with approximately $40 million to $50 million of that amount related to leasehold improvements we plan to make at new offices, including the relocation of our corporate headquarters to support our worldwide growth.  Additional CapEx priorities in 08 include investments in our call centers, global [XEO] capabilities, re-platforming, data warehouse, and our hotel extranet, among other technology initiatives.  Ill close with our initial expectations for 08. We are certainly going to remain very mindful of the global economic climate and maintain flexibility to intelligently respond in ways that may temper growth. But based on what we know today, and assuming no meaningful worsening on the AVR environment, we expect full year OIBDA to grow in the low double-digits again in 2008. Free cash flow will likely increase again in 08 but the pace of year-on-year growth will likely be slower as well see the year-on-year CapEx increase I mentioned earlier partially offset some of our anticipated OIBDA growth.  While we dont provide quarterly expectations, I do want to flag for investors that the Easter holiday occurs in Q1 in 2008. Easter will pull some stay revenues into Q1 that occurred in Q2 in 07.  We also began offline brand marketing activities earlier this year versus last, meaning youll see much higher selling and marketing spend growth in Q108 versus Q107.  Looking ahead to Q2, well have double rent on our new headquarters beginning in May and well have comped most of our 07 media acquisitions, so we anticipate substantially higher OIBDA growth in Q1 versus Q2.  I would also remind you that our top line comps become more difficult in the back half of 08.  Lastly, its worth mentioning that our international businesses are unlikely to benefit from year-on-year FX rates as much in 08 as they did in 07. For example, the Pound is currently trading near its 07 average. So as a reminder, our OIBDA expectations today assume FX rates remain where theyve been recently.  I want to thank everyone for your time today and Ill now turn the call over to Barry. 
Barry Diller: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Over the last year, Expedia has strengthened itself in nearly every market and every area of its operations. Whatever happens with the broader economy, the truth is that life is going to go on. People will work, people will spend, and people will travel and when they do, history shows that Expedia and its great assortment of leading brands will be on their radar.  Now thats not to say that we wont see adjustments in travelers behavior -- substitutions, folks trading down in hotel star ratings, choosing drive travel instead of air, long weekend escapes versus 10-day vacations, and on and on. But travel they will and Expedia, Hotels, Hotwire and all the rest of our brands will be there to help no matter what the budget or what the desire.  As Dara and Michael have indicated in a lot of detail, we are certainly going to be mindful of the economic trade winds, blow as they may, and well course correct as warranted.  But by and large, the destination for Expedia remains unaltered by quarter to quarter economic gyrations and talking head prognostications. Expedia is committed to being the travel brand of choice for our advertisers, our suppliers, and increasingly our advertisers.  Before questions, I do want to address the recent difficulties surrounding IAC and Liberty. It is, of course, an unfortunate situation. Once we became aware of a dispute, we petitioned the court to tell us that the course that we were recommending was consistent with the agreements between Liberty and myself. Given no harm could have come to Liberty prior to the courts deciding, I wish they hadnt raised up this issue in such an aggressive way, but they have and weve responded appropriately.  I do think well prevail but the critical point for listeners on this call is the fact that these developments have absolutely no bearing on Expedia and its future.  The proxy which exists between Liberty and myself related to Expedia is completely separate from the one related to IAC -- one has nothing to do with the other. And Ill just say once again that Expedia is not a party to the IAC/Liberty discussions and it is not going to be impacted by them.  So Mr. Haas, do you want to get to questions?
Stu Haas: Great. Thanks, Barry. Lets move on to the Q&A portion of the call with Barry, Dara, and Mike. As a reminder, please limit yourself to one or two questions so we can fit more questioners into our call today. Operator, would you please remind our listeners how to ask a question?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Imran Khan from J.P. Morgan. 
Analyst for Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan: This is Brigitte calling in for Imran. We have two questions for you. First of all, both Google and Yahoo! noted weakness in the travel vertical for advertising. We were wondering if you saw any of that.  And secondly, what do you think the effect of a potential Yahoo!/Microsoft merger would be? Thank you. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. Thank you, Brigitte. We did not see any specific weakness as far as our spend, for example, went. Weve been spending fairly aggressively in the search category. I would say that search engine marketing spend as a percentage of our total spend in 07 increased versus 06 and increased pretty consistently. There were some ups and downs as far as our different brands. Probably we were a little bit less aggressive on Expedia.com, for example, in December in search than our other brands but Id say overall, our SEM spend has been increasing.  And I think as far as what we are seeing in January and what we expect in 08, we expect to be fairly aggressive on the search channels.  One of the positive factors that were seeing as far as search goes is that our conversion has been improving in various parts of the business. Hotels.com conversion has improved, from example. Hotwire conversion has improved pretty significantly, which then allows us to actually pay more for search terms than we were last year.  So we are able to in certain circumstances buy certain key words profitably that we werent able to buy before. It creates -- it reduces efficiency as far as marketing spend as a percentage of revenue but it increases profitability and thats something that we have been working on, to the extent we are increasing our conversion, we are spending a bit more aggressively on search and hopefully thats something that we can drive in 08.  As weve said before, were focused on maximizing absolutes, kind of OIBDA and free cash flow dollars. Were not as focused on the margins, so to speak, of the company on a long-term basis.  As far as the potential impact of the Microsoft/Yahoo! merger, you know, it remains to be seen. I do think that probably having a number two player that is significantly stronger is a better environment and well be watching carefully as to what happens. I think one issue that well be watching very closely is that obviously we are a very close travel partner of Microsofts. Yahoo! is a partner of -- Yahoo! partners with Travelocity and also owns a meta-search site called Fare Chase, so whether they go with call it Travelocity/Fare Chase or they go with us could have an affect on us, although I will say that Microsoft is becoming a smaller portion of our overall revenue as the years have gone by.  Barry, do you want to add anything on Microsoft/Yahoo!?
Barry Diller: No, I think that -- I think for the Internet world and for certainly people who are in the area of search related things, that a stronger competitor to Google is a good long-term thing. I think short-term those that compete with Microsoft and Yahoo! will be advantaged because I think they certainly lack focus today on how they operate their own businesses. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Millman with Soleil Securities.
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Thank you. Maybe you can talk a little bit more about the consolidation. What have you assume in your 08 numbers on airline consolidation? And looking forward to presumably one consolidation beating additional consolidations, how do you see this affecting the business longer term? And I have another question. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Michael. As far as consolidation goes, most of the deals that we have with our airline partners are longer term deals, so from as far as 08 -- any 08 effect on our numbers, we dont think its going to really have any effect. Even if a deal is announced, we think it will take some time to get the regulatory scrutiny, et cetera, and Id be really surprised if anything would be completed in 08.  So I dont see anything happening in the near-term. From a long-term perspective, obviously to the extent that the airlines consolidated, we would expect to see even call it further discipline as far as capacity goes and just like any other supply/demand equation, to the extent that you have capacity going down, you will probably have -- you will probably have ticket prices going up.  In general for us, the more capacity there is, the more tickets there are to sell, the better off we are, and the less consumers have to spend on their airfare, the more they have to spend on hotels, et cetera.  So I think for now, were not taking any account as far as consolidation, as far as when we look at 08. The real question is what kind of effect is it going to have in 09, 10, for example?
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Okay, and I guess appropriate to both of us, when the U.S. -- they say when the U.S. catches cold, sniffles, Europe catches cold. I was wondering if you are starting to see any differences in the European market in supply, saying boy, maybe wed better double up or travel changes -- anything that you can point to that suggests that there may be some economic effect in Europe. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: You know, its been a real -- we certainly havent seen anything definitive as far as our trends in Europe goes. The Europe business remains healthy. You saw the Q4 results. We have pretty aggressive plans for 2008 and Id say so far, so good.  When we look at the -- you know, our partners and what they are saying, its a real mixed bag. You had Ryan Air commenting I think a couple of days ago, having a very negative outlook as far as what they saw in booking activity and what their anticipation was for the balance of the year. And you had folks like BA talk about their long haul business being very healthy, short haul business being a little less healthy. And in general, I think youve seen our airline partners having high load factors, very, very healthy business, et cetera.  We have certainly see the high street retail has been soft and I do think as far as the European economies go, my anticipation would be that we would see the first sign of weakness in the U.K. and for us, the U.K. is the biggest part of our European business and thats something that we are going to watch pretty closely.  Now, I think all of this, when you run through all of this, I do think that our European business in general will be more resistant to weakness if it shows up, just because were at the earlier stage of growth as far as the Internet penetration goes and that tailwind, to the extent that theres economic and macro softness, that tailwind should be able to make up for that more so than, for example, in the U.S. where Internet penetration is pretty high and where our results should mirror overall economic results more closely, so to speak. 
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: So bottom line is that your 08 projections dont assume any weakness in Europe?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Our 08 projections Id say assume, have a fairly aggressive plan in Europe and so far, we havent seen any signs to the contrary. 
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Thank you and feel better. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Anmuth with Lehman Brothers. 
Doug Anmuth - Lehman Brothers: Thank you for taking my question. My first question is regarding the airline booking fees and weve obviously seen some competitors in the U.S. pull back on booking fees. Im just wondering if you are seeing any impact there on your airline business.  And then secondly, can you talk about some of the benefits of the Trip Advisor applications on Facebook and how you think these are playing out in your numbers? Thank you. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Doug. As far as the booking fees, no change from what we talked to you about last quarter. You can see that the growth in our air ticket sales has been pretty consistent over the past couple of quarters. Our overall air revenue continues to improve, which we are really, really happy with. Our air revenue per ticket being down 2% and that 2% being due to fee activity I think makes our air business overall a pretty healthy business.  I will tell you the greatest sensitivity that we see in air ticket growth relates to air ticket prices, so I am watching much more carefully and kind of much higher in my mind our overall air ticket prices versus the fee activity that Priceline has in place. And we certainly talked about it previously, you know, Hotwire is not charging fees either, neither is their [OPEG] channel.  And just because of the diversity of our various businesses, we have exposure to no fee in certain businesses that are higher growth and in Hotwire and in Europe, for example, and then we are charging fees in call it our more mature air markets, Expedia.com in the U.S., for example.  So we dont see any changes in the near-term. Well certainly be watching it but really what Im watching more than anything else are our air ticket prices.  As far as Trip Advisor on Facebook goes, were really pleased with the reaction of and the uptake of the various Trip Advisor applications on Facebook. There are three applications that we have that are doing quite well. Theres Cities Ive Visited, theres the local pics application, and theres also the Traveler IQ Test, which are all doing incredibly well.  At this point, we are treating -- we are really, really focused on just increasing our distribution on Facebook. It is not a profit center. We are spending money on it. Were in investment mode and its not something that we are looking to monetize Id say in the next year or two. Its really we think -- its an extraordinary audience out there and we just want to get out there far beyond anyone else and we view it as a land grab and I think so far, as far as our transactional or advertising and media competition, we are winning the land grab and thats our mode right now. 
Doug Anmuth - Lehman Brothers: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jennifer Watson from Goldman Sachs. 
Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Just two questions for you -- first, net revenue rates seemed to decline for the first time year over year when excluding advertising revenue from the past three or four quarters. Can you discuss the primary drivers of this and the trends you see going forward? And then my second question would just be do you think that your growth rates are representative of the industry or do you think that you guys would continue to gain share?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Ill let Mike take on net revenue and Ill talk about growth rates. 
Michael B. Adler: On net revenue, as weve discussed, weve seen stabilization with regard to the rates with suppliers really on both the hotel and air side of the business. What is driving the year-on-year decline excluding advertising and media are some of the pricing actions that weve taken, in particular more competitive pricing in Europe, which has been extremely successful for us in driving the top line, the reduction or the elimination of the hotels.com change/cancel fee, and the various fee actions that weve taken in Europe and to some extent, those parts of the business are also growing faster and so you start to see a little bit of a greater impact from those as the businesses continue to grow. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: And as far as the growth rates go, its obviously difficult to tell without the full data being out but my guess is that we are gaining share. I certainly think in the domestic markets we are gaining share. To some extent, we are spending to gain share but we are happy that we are seeing returns on those investments.  That data that weve seen in the European market suggests that the European market is growing at around 25% on a constant, sort of constant currency basis. Were growing at 35% so that would suggest that we are gaining share in Europe as well, although we do have a very big competitor, bookings.com, that I anticipate is going to be growing faster than us.  So I do think overall were gaining share but we are certainly not satisfied with where we stand right now. 
Jennifer Watson - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald with Banc of America Securities.
Brian Fitzgerald - Banc of America Securities: Thanks. I just wanted to quickly confirm organic advertising was up 50% year over year, and then I think last quarter, we saw two-thirds of advertising was from Trip Advisor and network and the third was transactional. Any color on how that mix is progressing and any color on traction with the Trip Advisor relaunch?
Michael B. Adler: On the organic advertising question, yes, it was up over 50% this quarter. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: And Trip Advisor is around two-thirds, its still relatively stable. The TA relaunch has gone very well. We launched it in the U.K. Initially there were some bugs that needed to be debugged, so to speak, and after some of that debugging in the U.K., we rolled out the relaunch on a worldwide basis.  What we are seeing is increased activity in areas of the site that we wanted to really highlight. For example, consumers are seeing a lot more, are looking at a lot more of the consumer videos that we have out there, the pictures, et cetera, that we have out there. So we do see increased engagement, so to speak, of the users and certainly the feedback has been very, very positive and weve been able to monetize the new site as effectively as the old design, which is obviously very, very important to us.  So were pretty happy with the redesign and obviously were quite optimistic as far as the media and advertising business in general. 
Brian Fitzgerald - Banc of America Securities: Great. Thanks, guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Marianne Wolk from Susquehanna.
Marianne Wolk - Susquehanna: Thank you. You said you saw 35% growth in transactional advertising this quarter. Can you talk about the kind of growth you might expect to see in 2008 and would your guidance reflect a similar growth rate there? And then, two housekeeping questions, first -- wasnt this the quarter you were going to make a major payment to Microsoft? Did you make that payment? How large was it? And was it included in working capital? And then finally, theres a lot left in your repurchase authorization. Do you still have the appetite for your shares? I was sort of surprised to see that you had not been in the market this quarter, or even since the quarters closed. Thanks. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Marianne. Im not going to get into specifics as far as the growth rates for our transactional sites versus non-transactional sites, et cetera. What I would tell you is that we think there is significant opportunity out there.  We are designing our sites, the new site design allows us to sell more standard banner sizes, et cetera, for advertisers now than where we were call it a year-and-a-half ago, so we think thats going to help our sell-throughs.  Our travel ads product is young but its an entirely new product that we are selling through that we think should provide for growth opportunity essentially from a zero base, and also we are really focused on building our sales force to sell our audience, which is a very call it high, online purchasing audience to non-travel advertisers as well. So we think thats a real opportunity as well. Its not going to happen overnight as we build up the sales force but we think its a real opportunity.  So weve seen nice growth on the transactional sites, the 35% that we talked about and we think theres plenty of opportunity on a go-forward basis.  Mikes going to talk about Microsoft and I think Barrys going to talk about repurchase. 
Michael B. Adler: Okay, the amount of working capital does include the Microsoft payment and it was $30 million -- obviously not recurring. 
Barry Diller: On the purchasing of securities, as weve said in the past, certainly net buyers of Expedia and -- but this relates also to our cash position and to other needs for cash and in the last period, weve had higher priorities than purchasing the stock. In the future, we will continue to be opportunistic and given our balance sheet and what we think the prospects are for acquisitions and other things, you can look to us in the future to continue to be net buyers of the stock. As you know, there is an outstanding -- theres an amount outstanding -- the number of shares outstanding thats sufficient for us and we will proceed accordingly. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: Marianne, if I could add a little bit of color to that, I think that there are in general three factors that go into the determination for us as to whether we want to buy back stock. One is what we think the underlying value of our company is and what the trends of the business are.  Two is your cost of capital. One, the first relates to anticipated return on capital, the second is the cost of capital, and the third is exogenous factors, the economy, et cetera.  Ill tell you on the first factor as far as the business goes, we are much more confident about our business, our ability to project it, our ability to execute, and I think you guys have seen that this business has become a lot more stable, a lot more predictable and I think in general were executing better than we ever have and Id say our confidence in the first factor is higher than it ever has been and certainly continues to be as high as it was in 2007 when we made the significant repurchases.  Now, number two as far as cost of capital and availability of capital, that has swung, as you know, very significantly to the negative and the ability for companies to secure long-term capital, and I do think that we would want so secure long-term capital at reasonable rates, has gotten very, very difficult. Hopefully the fed rate activity, et cetera will solve that but we certainly havent seen the debt markets open up, et cetera. So we do think the cost of capital and the availability of capital for us has decreased significantly. If that changes, that would absolutely be a positive factor for buy-backs.  And then of course the third factor is exogenous factors, et cetera. Weve talked a lot about how we see the economy affecting us but there is a high degree of uncertainty going forward, so we are going to be careful about how we deploy capital.  So I do think that we are going to be balanced about it but I would not take -- call it the lack of short-term buy-backs that you see as a sign of any kind of under-confidence in the business, because its not. 
Marianne Wolk - Susquehanna: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Aaron Kessler from Piper Jaffray. 
Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray: A couple of questions; first, in our recent hotel survey we conducted, we put out a couple of days ago on the European hotels, indicated some concerns over the pricing and commission rates, as well as the fixed room allotments from Expedia Europe. And I know youve talked in the past about how your premium offering warrants a higher commission rate versus your competitors. But at what point would you consider a lower commission rate to gain hotel market share as opposed to just gaining consumer market share? And one follow-up question. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. You know, listen, we are going to keep an open mind as to what we do in Europe. We are constantly going out to hotels, talking to them, et cetera. And the feedback that we have gotten from our hotels is of course they would like lower commissions but in general, they understand that the offline spending that we spend on, the kind of travelers that we bring though, its a different profile from the European competition and that to some extent, our higher commissions are warranted. They dont have to pay credit card fees. They dont have to take fraud risk, et cetera. So the commission rates in reality are a lot close than they seem.  Where we think we have a lot of improvement to do or a lot of improvement to make is the way that we work with those hotels, the systems, our Internet site, et cetera and thats really where were focused in 2008. Theres an enormous investment going in to allow us to work with those hotels on a smoother basis and to be more open, et cetera.  I would say too that we are making a real investment as far as increasing the number of market managers that we have in those markets, not only to increase the number of hotels that we have, especially in secondary and tertiary markets, but also to make sure that we are responsive to the individual hoteliers needs, et cetera.  So we certainly think we have our work cut out for us but right now we dont think commissions are a problem. We think that theres a lot that we could be doing better, sort of on the ground, so to speak. 
Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray: And just one follow-up question, I dont know if you can give us this, but for Ryan Air and for other private label deals, can you give us a sense of approximately how much they contribute to the international growth? And then, when does the Ryan Air deal anniversary?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Ryan Air is still a pretty modest proportion of our Europe gross bookings. Its I think less than 5%, significantly less than 5% of our European bookings. But Ryan Air, it anniversaries I think starting in Q2. Is that right?
Michael B. Adler: Its either late Q1 or early Q2. 
Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Post from Merrill Lynch. 
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Thanks for taking my call. I guess the first question, and well get back to the gross profit growth, but you guided to low double-digit OIBDA growth with some marketing and tech expense pressure. Can we assume that the revenue growth rate is higher? And then getting back to cost of sales, where are you on the cost of sales front? Can you still get that margin higher going forward?
Michael B. Adler: In terms of the revenue growth rate, we dont give particulars to that. We have grown substantially in 07 on the top line and do think that there is substantial runway in front of us and in 08, we think that theres a modest gross margin expansion opportunity. We had significant expansion in 07. A lot of that was driven from some fairly large actions we took on the cost efficiency side. We still continue to look and see further opportunities, probably not as impactful in 08 as in 07.  In terms of the mix of the business, that can also dramatically impact where the gross margin goes, so to the extent that the advertising business continues to grow faster than our transactional business, that that is a tailwind as well. 
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Okay, and then I think you said 80% growth for hotels.com in Europe. Was that an acceleration versus last quarter and how do you -- I guess youre not going to tell us how you see that going forward but do you really think that the sustainability of that growth rate can continue? And is any of that Europe related -- I mean, sorry, Asia related?
Michael B. Adler: Those figures are European point of sale only and the 80% is an acceleration from earlier quarters in the year.  We continue to expand geographies. We will continue to add more and more hotels and push on this as hard as we can. This is our pure play hotel business in Europe and as we know, the market is growing very quickly.  As to whether or not we can keep up rates like that, at some point math takes over but we do expect considerable growth again next year. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: And Justin, were investing pretty aggressively in hotels.com and the consumer experience. A couple of things that were doing going into 08 is we have eliminated change/cancel fees for hotels.com in Europe as well, and youll remember that we did it for hotels.com in the U.S. Weve done that in Europe which we think puts us in a more even stead against bookings.com, which doesnt have change/cancel fees as well. So we are going to see how the consumer reacts to that.  We are also for the first time also investing in branding, in offline branding in the hotels.com brand. Weve done it in the U.K. Weve done it in some of the Scandinavian countries and weve seen really, really good response to that as well.  So its a growth rate that we are happy with and we are investing appropriately and aggressively behind that brand, which we think has very significant potential in the European markets. 
Michael B. Adler: And then I would remind folks that the growth rate we gave is in dollars and that weve said that we dont think that well get as much FX benefit in 08 as in 07. 
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Okay, and last question, I know youve already addressed buy-backs a bit, but the cash flow generation of this business is one of the real good attributes. You probably have an incremental $800 million of cash as we get towards the middle of the year. Do you have a plan for that or are you just going to see how market conditions and acquisition opportunities are at that point?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Justin, were going to be -- I think in this kind of a marketplace, we do want to be fairly flexible as far as what we do and how we do it. We dont want to be in a position as you see in a lot of these financial companies, of calling it overstressing your balance sheet and then having to go hunt for capital at very difficult rates. We are just not going to let that happen to our company and weve seen it happen to unbelievably strong companies out there -- you know, Citibank, et cetera -- and its just not -- its not a risk that well take. Barry has been very clear about that. The board has been very clear about that.  So we think in this kind of an environment, we are going to be more conservative than aggressive and well react accordingly and when and if in the short-term we do buy-back activity, well report it to you. 
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Great. Congratulations on turning around the market share from 06. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: We have time for one more question. Our last question comes from Mark Mahaney from Citigroup. 
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: Thank you. You mentioned domestic hotel inventory to some extent freeing up in the wake of declining occupancy rates. Is there any way you can quantify that? Or maybe the buying rate, one of the challenges youve had in the past is not being able to perhaps fulfill demand. Those I think you in the past had referred to those Las Vegas roundtrip vacation packages, that you just couldnt hit those bids. Now you may be better able to. Can you quantify that? And then just on the platform synergies, the platform investment efforts, it seems like youve had a challenge with this to date. Are we starting from scratch? Are you starting from scratch on this? Whats the level of confidence that you can develop and generate the kind of synergies off of platform improvements that seem to have been elusive so far? Thank you. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as quantifying the inventory situation, Id say that the one piece of quantification that we can make is that we do go out with our various hotels and negotiated exclusive deals or exclusive offers, you know, special 20% off if you book three or four days, book four days, get one night free, et cetera.  And when we track the number or the percentage of sales that come from those special deals, in January versus last year, the percentage of sales that were getting on those specials are up significantly in certain markets.  For example, in New York, I saw a statistic that we were going to [inaudible] almost over 50% of our sales in New York City, I think it was for January, were based on special promotions that we put forward. Now, thats a function of our being able to secure special promotions much more effectively from our supply partners and it also could be a function of the consumer looking and hunting out those special deals as well, which could be a factor in the ADR numbers that we talked to you about at the beginning of the call.  So we are seeing good inventory out there and there is some quantification of that. Obviously well be watching it very, very closely as far as how the year progresses on that basis.  As far as the platform goes, no, were not starting from scratch at all. We are -- the next six months for us are going to be very, very active as far as releases, et cetera, as it relates to the new platform. It has just been a delay of Id say three to six months and Id say the next six months are going to be really, really important for us and weve got our technology teams and IT teams very, very focused on delivery of elements of the new platforms.  The rollout is going to be staged. It will be different parts of the site coming out at different times and we hope to see kind of staged improvements as the year progresses. Because it is staged, again we dont believe that youll kind of see big, big material improvements in the near-term. And any time that you release a new platform, you have all sorts of debugging that you have to do in the early days, so if anything in the early days, it probably hurts you more than it helps you as you debug various parts of it.  So its on track. Its just later than we wanted to and we are certainly not starting from scratch. 
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: Thank you, Dara. 
Operator: Thank you, Management. I will turn the conference back to you for any closing remarks. 
Stu Haas: Thank you for joining us on the call today and for your questions. A replay will be available on the IR website shortly after the completion of this call. We appreciate your interest in Expedia Inc. and look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thank you very much for bearing with my frog voice. I apologize for that. We look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Expedia Inc. fourth quarter 2007 conference call. You may now disconnect and thank you for using ACT Teleconferencing.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-11-07 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Stu Haas - IR  Dara Khosrowshahi  President, CEO  Michael Adler - CFO  Barry Diller - Chairman 
Analysts:  Mark Mahaney - Citigroup  Justin Post - Merrill Lynch  Jake Fuller - Thomas Weisel Partners  Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray  Marianne Wolk - Susquehanna  Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley  Brian Fitzgerald - Banc of AmericaSecurities  Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs  Robert Peck - Bear Stearns  Doug Anmuth - Lehman Brothers  Imran Khan - JP Morgan 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over toStu Haas, Senior Vice President Investor Relations and Treasurer. Please goahead.
Stu Haas: Good morning and welcome to Expedia Inc.'s financial resultsconference call for the third quarter ended September 30, 2007. I'm pleased to be joined on the calltoday by Barry Diller, Expedia's Chairman and Senior Executive; Dara Khosrowshahi,our CEO and President; and Michael Adler, our CFO. The following discussion including responses to yourquestions, reflects management's views as of today, November 7, 2007, only. As always, some of thestatements made on today's call are forward-looking including our comments onfinancial expectations, operational performance and margins, plannedinvestments and spending, platform improvements, systems upgrades, growth ofbusiness lines, financial performance and dilution. Actual results may differmaterially. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise thisinformation.  Please refer to today's press release and our Form 10-K forthe year ended December 31, 2006for additional information about factors that could potentially affect ourfinancial and operational results. During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financialmeasures including OIBA, operating expenses excluding stock-based compensation,free cash flow, adjusted net income, and adjusted EPS. In our press release,which is posted on the company's IR website at expediainc.com/ir, you will findadditional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, includingreconciliations of these measures with the most comparable GAAP measures. Finally unless otherwise stated, all references to grossmargin, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense andtechnology and content expense exclude stock-based compensation. And allcomparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable periodof 2006. With that, let me turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi:  Thanks, Stu and thankyou to everyone for making the time to join us on the call. The third quarterwas Expedia's best since our 2005 spin-off from IAC, with strong performance acrossthe organization. We saw acceleration in all key metrics including 16%transaction growth and 21% bookings growth, our highest rates of growth since2005. Revenue increased 24% with revenue margins stabilizing for athird straight quarter. Our primary operating metric, operating income beforeamortization, or OIBA, grew 18% to reach a record $213 million. Expedia continued to expand its global presence withinternational bookings reaching 32% of total bookings, driven primarily bygrowth in Europe, where Expedia Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands andHotels.com Europe, all posted growth in excess of 50%. Most importantly, wecontinued to make progress towards our goal of maximizing cash flow over thelong term while efficiently managing dilution. Expedia's free cash flow on atrailing 12-month basis was $777 million, up 40% from a year ago and ourdiluted share count for Q3 was down 8% year over year, reflecting our sharerepurchases and measured equity awards. While these are certainly meaningful internal sign posts forour progress, it's also nice to have external validation and this quarter'saddition of Expedia Inc. to the S&P 500 Index is an indication of Expedia'sstatus as a global leader in travel. Now last quarter I gave you an update on Expedia.com and thefactors driving our flagship's improvement. You'll recall that these werebetter execution, more effective marketing, expanded supply, increased siteavailability and strong telesales. I'm happy to report that these trends havecontinued, and we again saw positive growth in year-on-year transactions atExpedia.com with strength in both our hotel and air businesses. In addition, with the recent launch of our co-brand creditcard with Citi, we now offer travelers even more ways to earn thank you points.Card members can earn points on everyday purchases, miles flown on any airlineand increased points for travel booked on Expedia.com, all on top of anyrewards they might earn through suppliers' programs. While I know we're allfatigued with card offers, you really ought to give this one a look atExpedia.com/thank you. Turning to the rest of our brand portfolio, our Europeanpoints of sale had another strong quarter with 39% FX neutral growth; anacceleration from Q2. Our continued experiments with fee reductions andaggressive marketing spend including Hotels.com's first European brand campaign,were certainly significant factors behind Europe'sgrowth. Given the positive results to date and the long-term opportunity in Europe,we plan to accelerate our marketing spend growth in Q4. Hotwire had another great quarter with an all-time highprofit contribution. Hotwire continues to benefit from enhanced supply and anincreased mix of non-air bookings while continuing to innovate on its air products.Hotwire's latest feature, the Airfare Savings Hub, proactively suggestsalternative airports and dates of travel that users can consider for air ticketsavings and has offered travelers average savings of 25%, enhancing itsreputation for delivering deals you won't see anywhere else. Expedia Local Expert, our destination services business withover 100 activity and concierge desks at hotels, resorts and retail locationsdrove transaction growth of 35%. Orlando Magazine recognized the Local Expertdesk at the Orlando World Center Marriott as the best concierge for itsconsistent and knowledgeable service. We actually tied with the Ritz-Carlton soI think we are in good company.  We believe Local Expert has legs on a stand-alone financialbasis and from a strategic standpoint as it enables us to improve travelers'experiences in destination, as is clearly the case in Orlando. TripAdvisor is testing a new, more user-friendly site UI,now live on its UKsite. The new design is clean, simple and organized making it much easier tofind what you are looking for. Trip also expanded its reach with two new appson Facebook, a Traveler IQ game, and a City's I've Visited map, both of whichare among the top three travel applications on Facebook as measured byactivity. Overall, our ad and media businesses grew revenue 106%,reflecting returns from continued innovation and traffic gains at TripAdvisor,SmarterTravel and our other content sites. We're also seeing solid growth inadvertising and innovation on our transactional sites. For example, Expedia.comrecently launched travel ads allowing hotel users to bid for sponsoredtreatment at the top of hotel search results. It's very early for travel adsand we'll continue to test and fine-tune it to better serve our hotel partners. As we look to capture near-term growth opportunities, weplan to aggressively invest in developing our various internal salesforces. Onthe media front, this relates to supporting continued growth at TripAdvisor aswell as ad sales efforts at Expedia.com and Hotwire's Travel Ticker. We willalso be actively hiring to support further growth for our ECT and Expedia LocalExpert businesses. On the supply front, PSG signed agreements on the air sidewith British Airways, Air France KLM, and Sky Europe, an Eastern European LCC.We continue to expect more flattish comparisons beginning in '08 on thenon-booking fee portion of our air compensation.  On the lodging side, we inked deals with Extended Stay Americaand Harrahs. Based on everything we know thus far, we continue to believehotel economics will remain largely similar to what we achieved in the lastround of major chain negotiations and we expect year-on-year fluctuations goingforward to remain modest. We remain keenly focused on expanding our selection of hotelproperties and improving the quality of supply for our global travelers. As aresult, we expect to make additional investments in lodging supply. Theseinvestments may not show an immediate return, but we expect over time they willextend our global leadership position in supply. Now we won't provide specific expectations for 2008 untilour Q4 call but I think it will be helpful to set the stage for investmentsthat we do expect to make. We've essentially completed Phase 1 of our newplatform positioning us to begin to leverage our data warehouse and makeimprovements in terms of merchandising, CRM and segmentations. You never moveas fast as you like in these efforts but you'll see us migrating differentparts of the sites onto the new platform and enhancing the data warehousethroughout 2008. At this point it's too early to forecast the materialconversion improvements until late '08 when we have most Expedia branded sitesonto the new platform.  While we are still finalizing our 2008 planning, we expectto invest to capture additional growth opportunities in our businessesincluding improvements to our call center technology and processes, supplierconnectivity, building out data centers for disaster recovery and testing purposes,and supporting our growth with additional office space. We absolutely believethese are appropriate uses of capital for creating long-term shareholder value. It's worth pointing out that we're making these investmentsand aggressively supporting our brand portfolio at a time when there is someuncertainty around the economy and more importantly in our case, the consumer.Thus far, based on what we've seen in our business and heard from our supplypartners, demand trends remain healthy here in Q4. That said, we certainly recognize this could change.Investors should recognize that while some of our planned spend is flexible andcould be pulled back if demand softens, some is not, which could applyshort-term pressure to our top-line and in turn, OIBA should sentiment turn. Wewill keep a close eye on this and hopefully provide more insight on our Q4 callin February when we anticipate providing full year 2008 financial expectations. In closing, we're pleased with our record performance in Q3.Expedia is on a growth path again as we continue to build out our brands, bulkup our local presence, expand our media business and innovate and lead. There'sa ton of work to do and always a ton of competition but we sure like where weare headed. 
Michael Adler: Thanks, Dara. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to provideyou with some commentary on our results and close with our updated financialexpectations for 2007. Worldwide gross bookings were up 21% during the quarter,boosted by 13% growth in North America. Thisacceleration reflects not only the improvements at Expedia.com Dara touched on,but also our second consecutive quarter of accelerating bookings growth foreach of our North America points of sale. While we're encouraged by the improved growth profile of ourbrands, we're also aware that we are comping 2% growth in the back half of theyear in North America and remain focused on achievingsustainable growth in the region. Revenue increased 24%, led by 22% growth in our merchanthotel revenue and 106% growth in advertising and media revenue. Revenue thisquarter was also supported by a 9% increase in air revenue, the first increasewe've seen in air revenue in two years. Revenue per air ticket decreased 5%,the lowest rate of decline since our '05 spin-off from IAC, primarilyreflecting lower air service fees. We've been pleased to see continuedacceleration in ticket volumes make up for the increasingly modest decline inour per unit air compensation. On the operating expense side of things, G&A was up 28%year on year due to a higher incentive compensation accruals and legalexpenses. In addition, prior period G&A was light by a few million dollarsdue to some incentive compensation reductions. We do expect to leverage G&Afor the full year of 2007. Selling and marketing expense grew 30% in Q3 and again wasthe primary reason we saw OIBA margin degradation this quarter, despitecontinued revenue and gross margin improvements. The increase in spend wasdriven in part by incremental spend at our recently acquired media businessesunder TripAdvisor, Hotwire's Orbitz relationship, spend at our newinternational points of sale and in Europe, we investedin our Ryanair relationship and branding campaigns for Expedia Franceand Hotels.com. We also continued to increase our global online spend includingmarketing deeper into the quarter in the U.S.than we have historically on paid search. As has been the case for a while now,we continue to see meaningful keyword inflation. Looking ahead, we expect selling and marketing growth toaccelerate above 30% in Q4. This reflects a conscious decision to allocatespend more evenly through the year rather than significantly ratchet down spendin Q4, as we have done historically. In addition, we plan to continue spendingaggressively across our points of sale including brand spend at a wider swathof our portfolio than last Q4. As it relates to 2008 OpEx, I wanted to mention that we willbe relocating various offices whose current leases are due to expire in thenear term, including our Bellevue headquarters as well as expanding some of ourother current offices. As a result of these plans as well as rate increases, weexpect our facilities expense to increase by approximately $16 million in '08,most of which will be reflected in sales and marketing and G&A. Of the $16million, a little less than half is related to overlapping rent expense throughthe transition and move-related costs which are non-recurring. CapEx in Q3 was a $19 million down sequentially as weshifted some planned spend related to our data center build out into the fourthquarter. As a result, we expect to see total CapEx approximately double in Q4as compared to Q3. While year-to-date CapEx results are running below ourinitial expectations due to the timing shift I mentioned earlier, we continueto expect CapEx will increase approximately 10% in '07. We expect CapEx willgrow at a higher rate in '08 as we continue to invest in technology andinfrastructure. In addition, we will be making significant leaseholdimprovements to build out our new office spaces. We hope to give you moreclarity on our CapEx plans and expenditures on our Q4 call after we completeour annual planning process. I will close with our updated expectations for OIBA and freecash flow for 2007. We now expect full-year OIBA will grow in the low double-digits.Free cash flow for the year is going to increase based on strong year-to-dateperformance but we do expect to see negative free cash flow in Q4 driven byseasonality, increased capital expenditures and tax-related payments. Regarding taxes, we now expect to cash taxes will be $100million or less for the year. This is down from our prior expectations,primarily reflecting higher stock-based comp deductions resulting from the increasein our stock price. Finally as a reminder, we will make a $30 million Q4payment to Microsoft related to a tax sharing agreement which payment willreduce cash flow from operations. I want to thank everyone for your time today and I will nowturn the call over to Barry.
Barry Diller:  Thanks, Mike. I amhopefully not going to be too redundant. Somehow I think that scripted part ofthese calls  you should probably deny anyone the ability to use scripts andjust present, otherwise it sounds a bit canned.  In any event, the steady improvement that we've had isdefinitely gratifying. The results also are. As nice as it would be for us tojust stand and stare and pause for a minute with pleasure, the truth is that weall feel that we've got to forcefully move forward. We're going to continue toallocate capital to better position Expedia for growth that is going to be ableto be sustained over a very long period as time.  The business model that we've got, this really truly greatbusiness model, does afford us the opportunity and we are going to beaggressive because we've got an advantage without any question and we shouldpush it. Investment for us is going to remain a key piece of our story and inthe area of technology, to think that you've mastered the science ofdevelopment is foolish. We've had our starts and stops mostly starts, but inthe area technology, we've made big investment. We think we have to continue todo so. We think it is very much a competitive edge. I think it's going to help to extend the leadthat we have all over the world. In addition to that, as I think you all know, we want tohave an efficient capital structure. We've been making progress in that. Sincethe spin-off, we've generated $1.4 billion of total cash flow and over the sameperiod, we've put about $1.7 billion into our own stock at a price of less than$23. We've been able to reduce the share count by 20%. We wish to have done more. As I think you all know, thecapital market is willing. We were a bit criticized because we announced thebuyback and the amount that we were going to borrow to get there adjusting themoment that markets collapsed and credit completely dried up. But it certainlysignaled our intent. As I think you also all know, we want to keep a liquidityof $1 billion and so probably near-term purchases are unlikely. But we'vealways said we're opportunistic and over the long term, I think you can counton that and count on us to continue to be buyers of our shares. So we've made a lot of progress but there is no questionthat we really have to push ahead on all the fronts and that the plans thatwe've got now, the plans we're making now, the plan for '08 which is veryaggressive in all areas is I think going to set us further apart from ourcompetition. The only thing I want to add before we take questions issomething that I'd said in an employee email to Expedia, given the announcementthat IAC made this week on the spin-off into five separate publicly tradedcompanies and an awful lot of normal media and other speculation that surroundsthat relative to what would happen with the spun-off companies and itsrelationship to Liberty Media, I want tostate it formally, just because I want to be very clear. This is what I wrote on June of this year and I simply wantto reiterate it, which is that I had seen reports from security analysts andothers regarding my plans for Expedia and I want to say clearly that I have nointention to transfer control of Expedia to Liberty Media Corporation under anycircumstances. I don't want any of you to wonder or worry that the company isbeing tossed around between me and Liberty as a pawn on a chess board. It isnot. I would prefer there be no speculation but since I can't prevent anyonefrom doing so in various conferences and meetings, I'd rather be on the recordwith clarity. So, now I am, again. With that, Stu, why don't we go to questions?
Stu Haas: Thanks, Barry. Let's move onto the Q&A portion of thecall with Barry, Dara, and Mike. As a reminder, please limit yourself to one ortwo questions so we can fit more questioners into the call today.
Operator: Your first question comes from Mark Mahaney - CitiInvestment Research.
Mark Mahaney - CitiInvestment Research: Barry, with all of the spin-off news from a few days ago, isthere anything out of that you think that could have a material impact onExpedia in terms of potential synergies? And/or is there a rationale for at onepoint bringing Interval into part of the Expedia family? Dara, just on the service fees and the air service fees,there is clearly competitive pressure to reduce -- possibly even eliminate -- convenienceservice fees. How much of a potential is that and how much risk is that to thefinancial model? Thank you.
Barry Diller:  Mark, it surprises mebut you can't imagine how many phone calls and e-mails I have received fromdifferent people with different ideas of what to do with all of proposed spin-offentities as well as IAC. I mean it has been as I say a bit surprising. Wehaven't given any thought to anything other than everything is open. As I saidwhen we did our conference call the other day, that all options are open andDara and I have, on occasion, discussed Interval. There are some arguments thatit makes sense to be part of Expedia, some that it doesn't. If it makes senseto do, we will certainly consider it.  As I say, the great thing about this is having now made thisdeclaration because that's all we've done; we haven't done any of the capitalstructuring for any of these companies nor did we want to. When we made ourannouncement we wanted to just make the announcement and then start the processwhich will take a couple of months to form the entities as they should beformed. In that interim or during or after the spin, everything ispossible. So with that, Dara, do you want to take care of the other part ofthis?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Mark, as far as the fee question goes, I realize that it isbeing treated as new news by the market but it really isn't new news at all.Priceline has not had fees on its site for more than a quarter now. I thinkthey took off the fees initially during the summer. Hotwire did the same thingand Hotwires fees remain off and we are happy with the results that we're seeingon Hotwire on the air portion of that business as well as the other portions ofthe business. From an operating standpoint, I realize that it may be WallStreet news from an operating standpoint, Priceline's actions are not new news.We've gone for about a quarter with Priceline and Hotwire not having fees onair tickets. As I think you see by our results today, the number of air ticketsthat we've sold this quarter were up 15% on a year-on-year basis. It's a littlebit of an acceleration from a sequential basis. From a defensive standpoint, it hasn't had an effect on us.Obviously, we will watch to see how air does on a go-forward basis. I actuallyam much more sensitive to air ticket prices. If you ask me what I worry about.I worry about air; obviously the air carriers have to pass on some of theincreases that they see in fuel prices and air ticket prices, and some of thoseair ticket prices have stuck. I'm more worried about kind of the overall cost of travel toconsumers than really the Priceline actions which were in effect a quarter agoand really didn't have any effect on us.  So in general, I like where our air business is heading.It's the first time that revenue has grown for a number of quarters. We'regoing to watch, we're going to learn. We're certainly experimenting on our ownin Europe, but right now, I don't see any kind of change from our perspective.
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Post - Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: First, you don't really guide revenue, but I do think yourOIBA guidance is up for the year now in low double-digits. Could you talk aboutwhat is really working for you and what is really ahead of your forecast? Itlooks like some nice acceleration. Just a housekeeping on the other expense itlooks like that prevented some of the EPS upside from flowing through. Is thathedging and what's your outlook for that going forward?
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as what is up, I'm almost afraid to say it in thatthe strength that we see at the business is broader than I've ever seen it. Sowhat is up is most of our business is doing actually quite well. The media andadvertising business, obviously from a growth rate standpoint, you see alreadyhigh growth rates accelerating up over 100%. On an organic business, thebusinesses are accelerating as well. On an organic basis, they are growing over60%. So really, really healthy growth there. Expedia.com and Hotels.com arelooking really strong, and it's a combination of just good ground execution,driving conversion, and then being pretty aggressive on the marketing front aswell and actively trying to push our share in the marketplace. Obviously, Europe is doing quitewell. Now I think that the European marketplace in general is just a greatmarketplace to be operating in right now. I think we had a long, long runway inEurope and I think it's a combination of a great environment and really, reallygood execution from our team. So the strength that we see is pretty broad. I think the acceleration and revenue versus where we werelast year, last year I think we were growing revenue up 5%, the strength ispretty pleasing to see and obviously the challenge for us next year is thecomps we had this year were not very difficult. The comps next year are going tobe more difficult and we're pretty focused on that. Mike, do you want to talk about the other?
Michael Adler: So you are absolutely correct that the flow throughs fromOIBA down to adjusted EPS was impacted by FX losses in this quarter of about Ibelieve $12 million. That situation arises for us when our net liabilities andforeign currencies are greater than our net assets in foreign currency and thatis more typical for us in the second half of the year based upon theseasonality of the business. So if the dollar weakens, our liabilities in foreigncurrency go up more than our assets increase and that leads to a loss runningthrough that line. So for Q4, there may possibly be some pressure again basedupon normal seasonality but it depends on what the dollar obviously does versusother currencies. I would also point out that in this quarter and really goforward as Europe and international becomes a biggerpart of our business we become more exposed to this. On the corollary side, wedo run FX gains through the revenue lines when the actual stays occur. So moreor less over time it all balances out but on a quarter-by-quarter basis, theyare definitely ins and outs that impact the flow through.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch:  Dara, could you justdo a quick update on where you are at in Europe and howyour progress is in Chinaand Japan? 
Dara Khosrowshahi:  Europe,we are happy with the progress in Europe. You've seenvery healthy growth and accelerating growth on an FX neutral basis. France,Italy and Germanyare particularly strong spots for us. The Hotels.com business is growing nicelyand accelerating on a quarter-on-quarter basis. So we look at the Europeanenvironment and we're quite encouraged with what we see and I think that we'reexecuting quite well. Some of the fee activity that we've taken on are the airfees, we're staying with and the growth that we are seeing there is quitehealthy. Also the package business in Europe is actuallydoing quite well. So I think in general, Europe, we'recontinuing to execute and we're happy as far as the business goes on a broadbasis. We really don't see any problems there. We're going to be prettyaggressive as far as supply acquisition in Europe. We'rebehind Bookings.com on that basis. So when you look at 2008, we're going to bepretty aggressive as far as trying to add to the number of hotels that we haveavailable in secondary and tertiary cities as well. So that is going to be afocus going forward. In Asia, Japan,specifically Chinawith eLong, we have a new CEO in place and we're very excited about his firstmonth, so to speak. He is very action oriented, making decisions very quicklyand I think that you're going to see eLong returning to call it anentrepreneurial Chinese company moving as fast as you have to in that country.So it is very early as far as Guangfu goes and as far as his activity but we're prettyexcited there. He is very much focused on call center execution, customerservice over there; real focus on sales and marketing and customeracquisitions. So I think he is focused on the right things. Japanis starting to get some traction. Actually we're pretty encouraged by theconversion trends that we see in Japan.It's the #2 travel market in the world so it is a big market. We've got ahotel-only product, it will take a significant amount of technology work to getan air product up which is something that we're working on but in the meantime,the hotel-only product in Japan is actually starting to execute pretty well sowe are quite encouraged there with that. Also we've got a nice private-label partnership as well. Soit is very early in Asia. We are still pushing.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jake Fuller - Thomas Weisel.
Jake Fuller - Thomas Weisel Partners: Could you give us a sense what the organic growth rate mightbe at TripAdvisor? How much of your overall ad revenue is that and what doesthe margin structure of that business look like?
Dara Khosrowshahi: The organic growth rate at TripAdvisor is more than 60%. So whenyou look at the 100% growth, that includes some of the new acquisitions that webrought in. As far as the percentage of the total goes, Mike, do you know whatpercentage of the total is?
Michael Adler:  It is more than half,close to two-thirds including the acquisition.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And then one-third is media and advertising coming into ourtransactional sites. It is a media business so it's a very high margin businessand it's got EBITDA margins over 50% is the way I put it.
Jake Fuller - Thomas Weisel Partners:  As you think aboutthe future of that business, is there any change in the ownership structurepotentially down the road? Does that benefit from being a standalone company?
Dara Khosrowshahi:  I think that if youlook at TripAdvisor's performance, its performance is ever increasing and Ithink that it is very comfortable and executing very, very well inside theExpedia family. If you look at where we are trying to take our companystrategically, the media and advertising portion of our revenues is going tobecome an ever more meaningful portion of our revenue. When we look at our business five, ten years from now,really the value that we bring to our travel partners is a worldwide audiencethat is ready to buy travel. Ultimately, I believe as to how we monetize that,whether it is through transaction or media advertising, we will be fairlyneutral. It will depend on what our travelers want who are coming to ourvarious sites and what our suppliers want us to do. I think that really puts usin a unique place amongst kind of our comp set. We are thrown into a comp setof OLTAs, online travel agencies. We went to be the OLTC, the online travelcompany.  We think that TripAdvisor is a fundamental part of thatlong-term strategy and we think it's a pretty differentiated strategy from whatanyone else has. So I don't see any kind of change in TripAdvisor ownershipgoing forward. We are very happy to have it part of our family.
Operator: Your next question comes from Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray.
Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray: First, can you comment on maybe how the lower hotel pricesmay have changed your conversion rates internationally? Do you think yourstrong international growth was due to market share gains? If so, was that morefrom an online competitors or more to some strong online penetration gains?
Dara Khosrowshahi: It's difficult to tell right now whether our growthinternationally was market share gains. If you look at it as a share of theoverall travel market, certainly we are taking share. That is not a surprise asfar as our growth rate goes. We don't have a lot of visibility into what ourcompetition is doing other than Priceline. Priceline is announcing tomorrow sowe will see how they've done tomorrow. My belief is that the market is doing quite well and I thinkyou'll see great results from them just like you saw great results from us. Ido think that when we look at Travelocity last-minute and we look at eBookers,I think those businesses are starting to execute a bit better but they've gonethrough some painful integration activity. So I wouldn't be surprised if we'retaking a bit of share from them. But again, I've got very limited visibilityinto what is going on there.  We're pretty focused on our own execution and we're prettyhappy with our execution so far and we've got some work ahead for us.
Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray: Can give us a sense year over year how much maybe Ryanair ormaybe the Orbitz Hotwire deal contributed to the growth of those segments?
Dara Khosrowshahi: We don't disclose Ryanair.
Michael Adler:  It's a small number.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think ex-Ryanair, you would still see very healthy growth.If you look at the UK,Germany, Franceand you separate out the pieces of the European business, you are still seeingvery healthy growth across the board. It's not because of Ryanair, so to speak. Did you ask on Hotwire?
Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray:  Yes, just give me asense with Orbitz, Hotwire how much that contributes to Hotwire growth dollar orpercentage-wise?
Dara Khosrowshahi:  Hotwire is up,revenue is up well over 50%. I'mguessing that it is more in the 70% range on a gross bookings basis and I'mguessing that Orbitz is responsible for less than one-quarter of that growth.It's a good contributor. It's lower margin than our other business but they'vebeen a good partner for us.
Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray: Just to clarify on the airline booking fees, it sounds likeat this point you have no plans to change maybe the Expedia airline bookingfees. Any reaction?
Dara Khosrowshahi: It's been around for a quarter and we haven't seen anyadverse results as it relates to our own business. So I don't think right nowthere are any plans to react one way or the other. Obviously we're going totest and learn and we're doing some testing and learning in Europe.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marianne Wolk - Susquehanna.
Marianne Wolk - Susquehanna: Just on that testing and learning, to what extent have youeliminated air service fees in Europe and when did youdo it? Was there a positive result in terms of ticket growth in Europe? Also last quarter you were nice enough to tell us how manyproperties were in your merchant program in Europe. Giventhe fact that you want to invest there, can you talk about whether that figuregrew this quarter sequentially and maybe even provide that figure to us again?
Dara Khosrowshahi:  Sure. As far as thebooking fees in Europe, depending on the geography wehave either reduced them or eliminated them totally. It depends on geography.So for example in Spain,we don't have any booking fees. There are some geographies in which if we mayhave matched the booking fee of call it the dominant carrier in the market. Germanyis an example of that. In the UK,booking fees remain and in the U.S.booking fees remain. As far as the experience that we've had in Europe,so far the experience has been positive in that we have certainly where we havereduced booking fees in Europe and we've kept thosebooking fees down, we have seen positive results. I'd say on a near-term basis,we are probably not getting a near-term economic benefit but we think from along-term position, it is a good position to have low booking fees or nobooking fees because we think it is very, very early in Europe. If you look atour relative share in Europe to the incumbents; if you look at our sharerelative to the market overall, we think this is a good time to invest to growaggressively and quickly and that is a position that we're taking as far asEuropean booking fees go. On European merchant hotels, we have around 13,000 merchanthotels. It is up 12% on a year-on-year basis and we hope to add significantlyto that amount in the next quarters.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley.
Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley: A follow up on the booking fee issue. If hypothetically thepricing pressure in this regard were to spread such that the booking feet wereeliminated globally across all your product lines, hypothetically, how muchrevenue and profit would be at risk?
Dara Khosrowshahi: The revenue that we get from booking fees on a worldwidebasis now is around $100 million. Now to the extent that we drop the bookingfees on a worldwide basis, you would expect to see conversion lift, so you would expect to see recapture of someof that moneys in the air business itself and then you might see of course somerecapture as far as being able to upsell hotels, packages in addition to theusers you are capturing for your kind lower booking fees. Again, I will repeat: based on business trends that we'veseen and we make decisions based on business trends, the booking fee issue isnot new. It has been around for a quarter and we're very happy with our trendson the air side of the business so we don't see doing it. But there is nothingwrong with you having the information.
Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley: Just to be totally clear, so when you talk about increasingconversions, if you do eliminate the booking fees, is the assumption that a lotof that increased conversion comes at the expense of supplier direct bookingsor conversely do you assume that some of your competitors won't match theelimination of the booking fee and therefore you gain share and get betterconversion?
Dara Khosrowshahi:  I think that theconversion will be different based on whether competition matches or not. Ithink that if other OLTAs match there's a whole world out there whether it'ssupplier direct or offline travel agencies that we would take share from, so tospeak, at least on the near term. Again, I think it's a theory right now andagain the Priceline action really has not had any kind of broad effect onanyone.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Fitzgerald - Banc ofAmerica.
Brian Fitzgerald - Banc of America Securities: A question on market share from the North Americanperspective. Your bookings accelerated there. Do you think you are taking sharefrom Orbitz or Travelocity? And then a quick clarification on the renegotiatedGDS contracts, is that a one-time reduction in fees or is there any annualcomponent that decreases over the life of the contract? Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi:  As far as share fromOrbitz or Travelocity, we don't know yet. I think Orbitz is going to announcethe results in a week or so. Their growth rate has been decelerating on asequential basis. Again, we will see this quarter as to whether our increasedgrowth is taking share from them. I think the environment for us in general, the travelenvironment you hear it from our travel partners, it's a pretty goodenvironment out there. So I do think that we may be taking some share and Ithink that we may be benefiting from a generally positive environment and wehave a pretty broad exposure to both the European markets and the U.S.markets.  I think that it's a combination of being in a pretty goodposition and executing pretty well. As far as GDS economics go, the economics have gone to oneparticular level and we anticipate that that level is not going to change on ago-forward basis. So I think I talked about how on the non-booking fee portionof our air deals, you are going to see that non-booking fee portion be flatterin 2008 and beyond. These are really long-term deals that we have so these goout to 2010 plus. So we are pretty confident as far as the per unit aireconomics for the company going forward go.
Operator: Your next question comes from Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs.
Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: Dara, I was wondering if you could comment where yourpricing is on hotels in Europe given some of the pricereductions, not necessarily prices but your take with your hotels your marginthere and where you think that can go? Because you commented about next yearbeing a little bit more aggressive on the hotel inventory acquisition. Secondly, as you think about what you've done so far thisquarter in Europe, do think that you could use analternative branded strategy in Europe? Pricelineobviously has done some acquisitions that are different brands than Priceline.Is it possible for you to penetrate that market more aggressively if you hadmore than the brands that you currently have? 
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as European margins go, our European margins on thehotel side have gone down but that as a result of fee reductions so to speak,fee reduction activity that we took in Europe I think itwas either this quarter or one quarter ago. In general I think we're prettyfocused on using our scale to kind of take away reasons for consumers not tobook. The number one reason why consumers don't book is price, convenience,flexibility. So you see us taking all sorts of actions fairly broadly acrossour portfolio and understanding how that affects consumer behavior. So in Europe, we've taken down airfees, in Europe we've taken down hotel fees. In the U.S.for example, we've eliminated change cancel fees for Hotels.com. For Expedia,we've introduced the thank you program. So we are very broadly and systematicallygoing at reasons why consumers may not book and we're taking action on them. So the European action was a pricing action to our consumersas far as European margins go in general, or hotel margins, they are relativelystable to the extent that you see revenue margins for Europegoing down, it is based on our taking down air fees and our taking down hotelbooking fees as well.
Michael Adler: I would say one more component of that for this quarter is achange in the book to stay pattern in Europe as well.
Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: Your revenue is split there now. How is it comparable toyour next largest competitor, which is actually bigger then you, as we know.But are you still in the 20% range and they are in the 10% range or has thatnarrowed?
Dara Khosrowshahi:  It is a lot closerthat you might think because our intelligence tells us that Priceline has or Bookings.comhas been increasing their revenue margins. What is not included in the revenuemargins which is a real cost for the hotel is the credit card fees that we takecare of as part of our merchant margin prod and those two together can beanywhere from 200 to 300 basis points and then also VAT as well is somethingelse that we take care of so to speak, is included in the merchant model versusthe agency model. So when you look at kind of the total cost to hotels, thetotal cost to Priceline versus ours, we don't believe that they are as farapart as you might think. As far as a multiple brand goes, Anthony, we absolutelybelieve in a multi-brand strategy in the U.S.and Europe. And in Europe, thereare three big brands that we're executing on: there's Expedia brand in Europe,there's a Hotels.com brand in Europe, and theTripAdvisor brand in Europe as well. We are going to beexpanding in Europe with some of our other brands as well, but as far as ourinventory of brands that we have in Europe on a worldwide basis, we are prettyhappy with it and we're pretty excited that we have the opportunity to be theonly travel company that is actually building three worldwide brands.  I think that there is really no other company in ourposition. Obviously our competitors have different brands in different placesaround the world, but I think we're in a position over the long term ofbuilding three worldwide recognized brands in Expedia, Hotels.com andTripAdvisor.
Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs:  So my other questionabout consolidation ties to the branded question but it also ties to yourcomment that you are trying to leverage your scale to help overcome some of theinhibitions of consumers or hotels or airlines to participate. The question isabout consolidation. Do you see that as strategic of you heading forward interms of both gaining additional scale and gaining additional worldwide brands?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think that we fundamentally believe that scale matters,Anthony. Hopefully you are seeing it in some of our results and our economicsand our margins in general. We are able to invest very aggressively intechnology. We are able to invest very aggressively in consumer facingbenefits. We have a loyalty program at Expedia.com which is the best loyaltyprogram out there. We think we have a differentiated service and we're hopingthat the service becomes more differentiated as time goes on. So we fundamentally believe in the value of scale in thisbusiness and I think you are starting to see the flywheel of scale work for usas we're executing better. That said, we already have the scale that we need.So to the extent that there is a consolidation opportunity, we're going to lookat it on an opportunistic basis and we will look at it based on is it a goodallocation of capital or would we rather allocate capital for growth or wouldwe rather allocate capital for buying back some more of our stock? I think sofar we've kind of spoken with our dollars and the capital allocation we have doneinternally but we will continue to be opportunistic based on the pricing thatwe see out there and the specific opportunity.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Peck - Bear Stearns.
Robert Peck - Bear Stearns:  Dara, I wanted tothink a little bit past 2008; obviously for 2008 you've given some guidanceabout percent of revenues going up, CapEx accelerating as well as you makecertain investments in 2008. As we think about coming out of 2008, should weexpect those items to pull back down to their current run rates or continue off2008? A second question on marketing spend. You mentioned that yousaw a dramatic keyword inflation. I'm curious about your thoughts there on yourROI of your marketing spend. Is your ROI going down or are you seeing increasedconversions based on the higher CPCs?
Dara Khosrowshahi:  On the first one,past '08, its pretty difficult to tell. I do think that we are in the middleof pretty aggressive technology and platform investments as a company andthat's certainly going to happen in '08 as well. Are we going to be completelydone in '09? I don't think so. But I don't anticipate you seeing the kind ofacceleration let's say that you've seen our technology and content investmentsthat you have seen and will see over the next two years or '07 versus '06 and'08 versus '07. So right now, I don't see continued acceleration at the samerates but it is really, really early and either fortunately or unfortunatelythings change pretty quickly in this industry. If you think about where we werea year ago and from a competitive standpoint and how people were talking aboutus versus now, it really is a different world. So it's difficult for me to rightnow predict six months into the future.  What was your second question?
Robert Peck - Bear Stearns:  The effectiveness ofyour advertising spend.
Dara Khosrowshahi: On the advertising spend there are a couple of factorscoming into that as it relates to us. First of all, there is keyword inflationand part of that keyword inflation is simply related to ADRs increasing in theindustry so you've got ADRs increasing in the hotel business, you now have airticket inflation as well which relates to suppliers and agencies being able topay more on a unit basis for keywords, so to speak. As it relates to our activity and keywords, we are throughexecution on a number of fronts. We are enjoying higher conversion in a numberof our brands. The increase in conversions then allows us to bid moreaggressively on travel keywords as well; travel keywords that were notprofitable for us say a year ago are now more profitable. That allows us tothen more aggressively bid on those profitable keywords, well that is going tocreate keyword inflation for us. But that is because we're climbing up thevalue chain as far as keywords go.
Robert Peck - Bear Stearns:  Your ROI at the endof the day remains flat or maybe even improves?
Dara Khosrowshahi:  The ROI, the last keywordthat we buy is going to have a lower ROI than the first keyword that we buy. Soin general, as you are increasing your conversion and you are climbing up thevalue chain, your ROI isn't quite what your base keyword was, but it is stillattractive and it's something that we're working on. So, I would say ROI and SEM, we're still happy with. Thatsaid, you have to do a lot of really, really good things just to stand still inthat travel keyword world. Now the good thing about our business is that we havea hedge because we have a whole bunch of businesses in the media business thatactually are taking advantage of strong keywords in the business, strong CPMadvertising et cetera. So as a business, we're building a nice hedge forourselves as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Anmuth - Lehman Brothers.
Doug Anmuth - LehmanBrothers: Thank you very much. Dara, just following up on your lastcomments about building a hedge. Could you talk more about the travel adsplatform? How these ads are being implemented and what the early results havebeen? Do you think that this signals a potential shift in the long term, interms of how the platform is going to work and how your hotel listings canpotentially be shown? Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi:  Sure, Doug. It's veryearly on travel ads. I'd encourage you to look at Hawaii,for example. It is a market that we've launched. New Yorkis another market that we've launched. Maui is thespecific market in Hawaii, forexample. What travel ads does right now is it allows hotels to bid foreffectively better placement amongst the hotels listings. To the extent that aconsumer then clicks on the specific sponsored results of a travel ad, you gointo the hotel page and you can book travel at Expedia on that hotel. So itallows hotels to shift their share within the Expedia marketplace and that isthe implementation.  It is really, really early but we think it is prettyrevolutionary. It's pretty innovative and it will allow our hotel partners toin a live way move up or down the chain and test what kind of demand they get fromus very similarly to what they do in Google. It is very simple and we're goingto test and learn.
Operator: Your next question comes from Imran Khan  JP Morgan.
Imran Khan - JP Morgan: I think you've talked about the keyword pricing and thekeyword conversion. What can you do or what are you doing to reduce thedependence on the keyword marketing and maybe create a brand or drive moretrust to other channels and how is that trending? The second question is packaged revenue growth rebounded 12%year-over-year I think following last quarter growth rate of 1%. Can you giveus some sense what is driving the reacceleration? Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi:  Sure. Imran, if youlook at search engine marketing in general it is not our fastest-growingchannel of the company. The fastest growing channel for us on the company isthe email channel. It is the lowest cost channel that we have. So it is reallyCRM initiatives, email are very, very healthy channels for us and that is tosome extent why we built the data warehouse infrastructure that we built inorder to create a better one-to-one relationship with our traveler, being ableto offer specialized deals on a segmented basis to our travelers versus massmailings. We are seeing really, really nice results from that channel. So actually our fastest-growing channel is our cheapestchannel and SEM is, while an important part of the business, by no means themost important part of the business on a go-forward basis. The other note that I would say and I've talked about thisbefore is the search engine optimization as a channel for us for Expedia and Hotelsplatforms, for example, we think are an underutilized channel for us. So whenwe look at search as a channel while SEM may be a channel where we have toexecute very, very effectively on just to stand still, we think on SCO, we'regoing to get increased traffic from SCO over a long-term basis and that trafficis obviously pretty attractive traffic as far as cost goes. I think we're doing a lot as far as execution on ourcustomer acquisition and we're pretty confident about what we've got on thecooker so to speak. I'm going to letMike talk about packages.
Michael Adler:  The packaged revenuegrowth of 12% has been driven by Europe. It is anacceleration from 1% in the last quarter. Europe grew Ibelieve 28% and that is very much volume based, both dynamic packages on thesite and also third-party packaged volume. North Americaactually grew its revenue this quarter on packages for the first time in awhile. However, that was not volume-based and it was really due to theyear-over-year comp and there was significant discounting last year in thebusiness.  So we don't feel like we've turned a corner yet on the NorthAmerican packaged business and that still is a substantial portion of thebusiness. There's a lot of work still to be done. We still have the merchantair issues that we have discussed over the last several calls as well.
Dara Khosrowshahi:  Imran, I would saythe one area that we're really focusing on in this business is just reallyoptimizing the various segments of our business, optimizing how do we putforward offers to our travelers? When someone gets a result set off of a search,what is the best result set to give to that particular consumer?  There is a lot of optimization that you can do behind thescenes that is not let's say a flashy UI, but we think over the long term canreally affect how you monetize a particular consumer and the way that youmonetize the consumer to the extent that you can create an advantage inmonetizing them at let's say 5% or 10% or 15% creates real advantages then whenyou turnaround and try to acquire customers and try to build scale. I think in our business in general, we are very focused onthat behind the scenes optimization. What I will tell you is that in ourpackaged business we are still working with a dull blade and there is a lot ofback end technology work that has to be done in order for us to really be ableto optimize this segment of our business. Right now we are trying to build the business on a bruteforce basis. I think our folks are doing a really good job with the tools thatthey have but I anticipate that two years from now, we're going to have muchbetter tools to play with than we have today.
Operator: At this time, I will turn the conference back to Stu Haas.Please go ahead.
Stu Haas:  Thank you for joiningus on the call today and for your questions. I want to remind folks that areplay will be available on the IR website shortly after the completion of thiscall. We certainly appreciate your interest in Expedia, Inc. and look forwardto speaking with you again next quarter.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thank you very much. We appreciate your support and we arelooking forward to telling you all about what we are up to next quarter.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-08-02 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Expedia second quarter 2007 conference call. (Operator Instructions) This conference is being recorded Thursday, August 2nd, 2007. I would now like to turn the conference over to [Stu Hoss], Senior Vice President of Investor Relations and Treasurer. Please go ahead sir.
[Stu Hoss]: Good morning, and welcome to Expedia Inc.s financial results conference call for the second quarter, ended June 30th, 2007. Im pleased to be joined on the call today by Barry Diller, Expedias Chairman and Senior Executive, Dara Khosrowshahi, our CEO and President, and Michael Adler, our CFO. The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects managements views as of today, August 2nd, 2007 only. As always, some of the statements made on todays call are forward looking, including our comments on financial expectations, operational performance and margins, planned investments and spending, platform improvements, systems upgrades, growth of business lines, [financial] performance, and [dilution]. Actual results may differ materially. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information to reflect future events or circumstances. Please refer to todays press release and the companys filings with the SEC, including our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2006. For additional information about factors that could potentially effect our financial and operational results. During this call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, including OIBA, operating expenses, excluding stock-based compensation, free cash flow, adjusted net income, and adjusted EPS. In our press release, which is posted on the companys IR website at www.expediainc.com/IR, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with the most comparable GAAP measures. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all references to gross margin, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense, and technology and content expense exclude stock based compensation. And all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2006. And with that, let me turn the call over to Barry.
Barry Diller: Thanks [Stu] and good morning everyone. Were going to switch the order up today because I wanted to provide some color on the recent reductions in the size of the tender offer. While we certainly would have preferred to bring in more stock, we just werent willing to do so at financing terms that we found unacceptable. Specifically, the deterioration in the bank-loan credit market since we announced the tender resulted in rate spreads and restricted covenants which we felt didnt reflect Expedias liquidity, cash-flow generation, and its growth prospects. What hasnt changed since we announced the tender is the companys desire to aggressively pursue every means to create value for our shareholders, obviously including share repurchases. You all do know, I think, that since May 06 weve repurchased about 50 million shares. If the maximum of the 25 million shares in the tender offer come through, well have retired 75 million shares in a little over a year, about 20% of our share count. And were going to be net buyers of our shares over the long term. And I want to also remind everyone that, in addition to the tender, weve got 20 million share purchase authorization that remains outstanding. We continue to believe that additional leverage makes sense for Expedia, and [absent] from extraneous reason, if the credit markets do become more hospitable, you should expect us to raise additional debt, including debt to repurchase shares. Our financial policy, as weve clearly demonstrated, is that were willing to add leverage which would take us well above our long term goal of net debt to even two or three times. Of course, were going to want to reduce leverage consistent with our long term goals as quickly as we could. In addition, we generally expect Expedia to maintain liquidity of $1 billion. Unfortunately, at least from the way I look at it, this eventfulness of the past couple of weeks has overshadowed the progress thats been unfolding at Expedia, progress which Dara and his team have been, with increasingly expertise, been driving for over two years now. Dara and Mike are going to cover this quarters particulars, and Im not going to preempt that. But just as we said 2006 was going to be a rough year, and it was, we told you 2007 was going to be a better, more stable year. And it has been that. The challenge for the future, which everyone at the company embraces, is to build a company with sustainable growth prospects in this hypercompetitive, increasingly global environment. And to extend our leadership into every area of travel that makes sense. I really dont think its hyperbole to say that no company is better positioned in travel than Expedia, whether youre talking brands, global reach, product breadth, management talent, supply relationships, technology investments, bookings girth, or margins. Expedia is simply the clear leader in online travel a, and we are going to push our advantage everywhere. So with that, Dara, do your stuff.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks Barry, and thank you to everyone for making the time to join on this call. As you can see from our results release earlier this morning, this was another solid quarter for Expedia. We reported transactions and bookings growth of 14%, our highest rates of growth since the fourth quarter of 2005. Revenue growth was also strong at 15%, as revenue margins expanded modestly for a second straight quarter. And our primary metric operating income before amortization grew 2% to a record $187 million. Im also pleased to report that the companys geographic diversification continues, with international bookings reaching 29% of total bookings, up from 24% last Q2. And in Europe, segment bookings growth accelerated to 38%, and we achieved our second straight quarter of 1 billion plus bookings. Our goal as a management team is to optimize cash-flow over the long term, while efficiently managing dilution. And to that end, on a trailing 12 month basis, which controls for the seasonality in our merchant hotel business, Expedias free cash-flow was $734 million. And our diluted share count for Q2 was down 11% year-over-year, reflecting our share repurchases and measure granting of equity awards. Our Partner Services Group was a real highlight in Q2, continuing to gain momentum in building the worlds most compelling assortment of travel products and services. On the air side of the house, we are in a much more stable situation today than we were a year ago. Since then, weve reached multi-year agreements with nine of the top ten domestic carriers, including all the majors. Weve increased selection for travelers with the addition of full content from JetBlue, AirTran, Frontier, and ExpressJet. And we now have the ability to flow segments through three GDS providers under long term contracts. In addition to securing long term and diversified content for travelers, we now expect our worldwide air revenue per ticket will be steady as we move towards the back half of this year, with [flattish] year-over-year comparables, beginning Q1 08, on the non-booking fee portion of our compensation. This is great, great work from PSG. In lodging, PSGs been busy expanding our selection of merchant hotel properties, which now number over 34 thousand, including over 12 thousand in Europe, which grew nearly 20% from Q2 06. In line with our GDS agency hotels, we now offer travelers over 75 thousand total properties to choose from. Im also pleased to report that Wyndham, one of our large chain deals up for renewal this year, has now been signed through 2010. The good news on the hotel front is that based on everything we know thus far, we believe economics will remain largely similar to what we achieved in the last round of major negotiations in the second half of 2005. As our year-to-date results demonstrate, hotel margins have largely stabilized here in 2007, in keeping with our expectations. In the first half of this year, hotel raw margins were up modestly, due partly to an ECQ on comp. Similarly, we expect modest year-on-year changes through this year on into 2008, based on our hotel discussions to date. Stabilization and supplier economics is beneficial on many fronts, but perhaps the most important front is evolving the supplier dialogue from how do we divide the pie on each transaction? to how we can work better together towards generating incremental volume for both parties? To that end, our summer sale promotion was a great success. And our acceleration grew at 10%, as an indication that were making real progress in that evolution. I said on the past couple of calls that our top priority in 2007 is turning the tide at Expedia.com and Im very pleased to say that the early signs of renewal we saw in March, and its early Q2 continued throughout the quarter. We finished Q2 with solid, positive year-on-year growth, and transactions at Expedia.com will strengthen both the hotel and air business at a flat show. Within airfares decreasing year-on-year for the first time since Q4 of 04 certainly helped our cause. More importantly though, we saw stronger execution across a wide front from our new leadership team. Emphasizing more data driven, streamlined decision making, increased half in our marketing campaign with stronger, creative and improved coordination between supply and retail. And expanded air carrier roster, per my earlier comments, better site performance, and growth in our telesales business. While Im pleased with the progress to date at Expedia.com, our team is clear that we still have real opportunity to improve the website and our travelers experience, wherever and whenever they choose to interact with us. We realize with some of our success in 07 could be attributed to easier comps versus 2006, and that the really important timeframe is 2008 and beyond. In our minds, building a sustainable growth trajectory, while reducing the reliance on recurring ads spent to draw a top line is the key challenge for Expedia.com, and our company in general. I want to touch real briefly on the other pieces of our brand portfolio, starting with our international points of sale, which had another strong quarter. European bookings were up 38%, and Germany, Italy, the Netherlands and Hotels.com Europe again posted growth in excess of 50%. Foreign exchange was a tail wind yet again this quarter. But even on an affect adjusted basis, we saw an acceleration in growth from 22% in Q1 to 30% in Q2. As with Expedia.com, aggressive marketing spent a significant role in our European growth this quarter. While some of the increase spent reflected tough comp in Q2 of 06 due to the World Cup, more was due to strong proactive growth in spend, in light of the attractive opportunity we see in the European marketplace. And while we did see reduced efficiencies in some countries this quarter, we are not going to be taking our foot off the gas in Europe, and you should expect to see us continue with having marketing spend, while simultaneously working to improve the value proposition we do ever to travelers all across Europe. TripAdvisor continues growing the worlds leading online travel community. During Q2, Trip launched functionality to enable its five million plus members, to build a more personalized travel network. Alone, travelers could discover not just what millions of travelers worldwide think about hotels, restaurants and destinations, but also what their friends have to say. Im also happy to say that the new acquisitions in this area, especially SmarterTravel, are exceeding our performance expectations. ECT group bookings, over 20%, added more than 100 million in new business for third straight quarter and launched its newest geography in Italy. ClassicVacations further cemented its position as the meeting luxury wholesaler travel agents by reestablishing a preferred supplier relationship with Virtuoso, the leading luxury travel network. Hotels.com had a nice reacceleration in booking Q2 to 12%. With our U.S. [point of sale] seeing benefit from a gas rebate promotion, and our guestbooking functionality, which allows travelers to purchase from hotels without the hassle of creating an account. We were also more aggressive in online marketing which drove some of our top line growth, and we expect to continue doing so going forward in the second half. Hotwire continued to excel in almost every part of their business, with revenue growth exceeding 50% and Hotwires contribution to our overall profitability more than doubled year-on-year, despite increased marketing costs from our Orbitz relationship, and increased brands this quarter. I do want to point out that both Hotels.com and Hotwire recently took action to reduce barriers to booking for our travelers. In the case of Hotels.com, we removed, changed, and canceled fees charged on top of any supplier change fees. And in Hotwires case, we eliminated booking fees on air travel, both hotel and retail, on a promotional basis. Weve been pleased with travelers response to these actions thus far. And more broadly, we believe that these tactics are consistent with our Thank You loyalty program, our offline telesales business and our fee actions that we told you about in Europe. Were going to continue working hard to remove purchased barriers, where it makes sense for both travelers and long-term shareholder value. Last quarter we began talking in more detail about our media business, and I wanted to give a brief update on that front. In Q2, our global advertising and media revenue grew 97% to 44 million. And on an organic basis, growth was again over 50%. This Q1 result, many investors have inquired after the size of the opportunity for Expedia in media. While according to advertising age, in 2006, airlines, hotels, and car rental companies spent over $5 billion on all media, with less than 10% of that occurring on the internet. With overall online advertising forecasted to grow approximately 20-25% over the next few years, that makes for a significant opportunity for companies like TripAdvisor and SmarterTravel that are well positioned to capture the increase penetration of online travel advertising dollars. Were also strong believers that our transaction sites, such as Expedia.com, are well positioned to capture not just traveler advertising dollars, but also non-travel advertising dollars, giving a strong income and education demographic, a differentiated content, and a longer termibility to target media spent based on traveler shopping and purchase history. We have several exciting initiatives on the horizon in 2007 and beyond for global media businesses and we look forward to updating you on our operational and financial progress in quarters to come. In closing, Q2 was a great step in the right direction for Expedia Inc. Were encouraged by growth across our portfolio and in nearly all our brands and nearly all our geographies. The early signs of growth that we saw late in Q1 at Expedia.com have continued into Q2 and our international and media business are becoming more meaningful parts of our story with each passing quarter. With the supply picture meaningfully stabilized, Expedia and our investors now have a much better visibility than revenue margin dynamics going forward. And were seeing leverage at a gross margin level, thanks to our [Apollo] savings program. Finally, our historical and perspective sharing purchase activity, enable long-term equity holders to enjoy a larger piece of this growing pie at a lower cost of capital. Mike?
Mike Adler: Great. Thanks, Dara. Good morning everyone. Id like to provide you with a review of our results and close with our updated expectations for 2007. Worldwide gross bookings were up 14% during the quarter, fueled by 38% growth in Europe and 8% in North America. This reaccelerated in North America growth, built on the strength that Dara mentioned at Expedia.com. But also reflects broad success across the brand portfolio, specifically at Hotels.com and Hotwire, where despite the continued pressure on merchant care, we grew bookings 27% and Hotwires transactions exceeded 1 million for the first time in its history. We still have a lot of work ahead in North America, but were encouraged by the improved growth profile at our major brands in Q2. While bookings grow has historically exceeded transaction growth, due to rise in travel prices, this quarter the two metrics move more in tandem, as we saw, airfares actually declined year-on-year, while hotel ADR growth moderated. Should the airfares remain under pressure, we could see these diversions continue in the second half. Revenue increased 15%, lead by 14% growth at our merchant hotel revenue, 97% growth in media and revenue, and nearly 70% growth in stand-alone care rental. This progress more than offset 7% decline in air revenue. Were obviously not happy with declining air revenue, but we are pleased that the rate of decline has decelerated markedly based on stronger ticket volumes. Hotel revenue was driven by [rumite] growth of 10% fueled by strong growth at Expedia.com and Hotwire, both of which benefited from 5% ADR growth, albeit a slower growth rate than in recent quarters. Package revenue grew only 1% in Q2. As in prior quarters, the growth challenge is North America specific. As European package revenue was up 18% for its second straight quarter. Our package business continues to be negatively impacted by less than desired availability of merchant air products to key destinations. Worldwide revenue margin increased ten basis points, but North America up 34 points and Europe down 85 points. North Americas rev margin again benefited from an increased mix of advertising and media revenue, more than offsetting a significant decline in air margin and a less significant decline in hotel margins. In Europe, we saw pressure in air and hotel margins as well but in addition we saw the impact of air booking fee reductions. The addition of Ryan Air as an affiliate, which drove some booking activity in Q2, for which we wont recognize revenue until Q3, and more competitive pricing in merchant hotel. Gross margin improved 47 basis points year-on-year due to savings from our Apollo productivity and cost initiatives and an increased mix of advertising revenue, which together offset the impact from the decrease in air revenue per ticket. We estimate Apollo is now driving over $50 million in annual cost savings for Expedia, achieving our previously stated goal. And we believe there may be further opportunities to leverage gross margin going forward particularly in Europe. On the operating expense side of things, technology and content expense was fairly flat to what we saw in Q1 at $38 million but was up 27% year-on-year as the capitalized software we began running through the P&L in late 2006 continued into Q2. There were some timing issues which reduced Q2s expense and we expect growth rates in year-on-year techni-content in the back half of the year to be greater than what we saw in the first half. We also continue to expect to see techni-content grow faster than revenue in 2007 and 2008. G&A was 69 million, up 10% year-on-year, as we added staff and IT and continued to build out our European operations team. We expect to leverage G&A for the full year 2007, but we will see growth greater than revenue in Q3 in G&A since Q3 06 G&A was light by a few million dollars from some compensation expense reductions we dont expect to recur this year. Selling and marketing grew 30% in Q2 and was the primary reason we saw OIBA margin degradation this quarter despite our revenue and gross margin improvements. In light of this, I want to spend some time detailing what drove that year on year growth. As we have consistently indicated, Q2 06 was going to be a tough comp from a selling and marketing and in turn OIBA perspective. As last year we moved marketing spend from Q2 to Q3 in Europe, due to the World Cup last Q2. In addition, we reduced brand spend at Expedia.com, in part due to a poorly performing campaign which we did not do this Q2, in light of the improved performance of the business and our desire to fully support our successful summer sun sale. We also had a couple of areas of new marketing spend in this Q2 that were incremental to last year. Specifically our Ryan Air deal in Europe and our Thank You program here at Expedia.com. While these programs to generate incremental revenue, they are not as efficient as some of our other marketing channels. Beyond these factors, we did aggressively increase marketing spend in Europe particularly in online channels to both grow our newer markets and in response to the competitive environment. We have seen a fair degree of keyword inflation on search engine marketing in both Europe and domestically which is negatively impacting our marketing efficiencies. Hotwire spend was also up strongly year-on-year as we supported our Orbitz partnership. We continue to expect absolute selling and marketing expense to increase in 07 driven in part by increased advertising for Expedia.com as we support the brand throughout the year as opposed to our front end loaded approach last year. And as John mentioned, we plan to continue spending aggressively in Europe in the second half including brand spend at a number of European points of sale. We anticipate selling and marketing expense overall in the second half will grow at rates similar to what we saw in Q2 and therefore expect it will increase as a percentage of revenue for full year 07. CapEx in the quarter was $21 million essentially flat to the prior year. This is consistent with our decision last quarter to reallocate some planned spend from the first half of 07 to the back half. So expect to see year-on-year increases in Q3 and Q4 CapEx. On the bottom line, we delivered Q2 OIBA of $187 million up 2% year-on-year reflecting 15% revenue growth and gross margin improvement partially offset by de-leverage in operating expenses excluding stock based compensation. Adjusted net income per share for the quarter was $0.35 with lower share counts from repurchase activity offsetting lower adjusted net income due in large part to the interest expense associated with our senior notes. I will close with our updated expectations for full year 07. With first half OIBA up 7% we now expect OIBA for full year 07 will grow in the high single digits with second half growth slightly higher than the first half. Given our results today and the stability we have achieved on the supply side of the house, we also expect revenue margins will be flat to slightly positive in 2007. While gross margins are likely to improve for the full year, we also continue to expect double digit increases in total operating expenses. Our expectations for 07 assume EFEX rates remain where theyve been recently which would imply less benefit for our internationally based operations as we move deeper into the year. We now expect CapEx to increase up to 10% in 07 with similar growth in 08. I also want to reemphasize that while we will begin leveraging our new platform in enterprise data warehouse in 07 the financial expectations I just outlined assume no material impact from these initiatives. As it relates to free cash flow, given our revised OIBA expectations for the year, and our positive working capital benefit to date, we think that free cash flow for the year is likely to increase compared to our prior expectation of a flattish year. I do want to remind investors that we expect to see negative free cash flow in the back half of the year as we did last year due to traditional payments to Merchant Hoteliers for summer stays and payment of cash taxes which we expect to be $150 million or less for the year. In addition we have a $30 million payment to Microsoft related to an historical tax sharing agreement which will reduce cash flow from operations in the second half as well. I want to thank everyone for your time today and for your continued interest in Expedia. Ill now turn the call back to [Stu] to get us started on Q&A.
[Stu Hoss]: Thanks Mike. Lets move on to the Q&A portion of the call with Barry, Dara and Mike. AS a reminder, please limit yourselves to one or two questions so we can fit more questioners into the call today. Operator, would you please remind our listeners how to ask a question?
Operator: Thank you, [Stu]. (Operator instructions) Our first question today comes from Imran Khan from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Imran Khan: Yes hi, thank you for taking my questions. Two questions. First U.S. revenue growth trend accelerated despite difficult time comp and as we came into the second half of this year and the comps get easier. How should we think about the U.S. gross bookings growth and do you think that you are gaining back some market share both in the U.S. and international market? Thank you.
Barry Diller: Sure, Imran on the U.S. gross bookings growth, I think that the easier comps really started in Q2 moving forward through the year. Q1 was a [descent] quarter for us last year as far as gross bookings growth, and then you saw gross bookings growth in the U.S. slow down in Q2 and beyond. Its hard to tell while youre in the middle of a year, but we think that its a combination of really, really good execution across the board in our various U.S. brands and easier comps have something to do with it. So, for example, I think that Hotel.com in the U.S. on balance will have easier comps in the second half of the year than they had in the first half of the year. In certain European markets, well have more difficult comps because in the second half of the year was when we took down booking fees which helped the European gross bookings and were going to be lapping those decreases in booking fees. So, when you put it all together, I would say that on a gross booking basis probably the back half for the year has maybe slightly easier comps on a gross bookings level, and maybe slightly harder comps on profitability level but you know what were really focused on is what were executing on right now and what we can do to improve our operations today rather than being totally focused on comps. On share, U.S. and international, its tough to tell, especially in the U.S., because a number of our competitors have gone private. Orbitz has now gone public, you know, judging from some data that they have in the S1, they certainly suggested that their U.S. growth rates are slowing down very significantly but we dont know when theyre going to announce their Q2 so itll be a wait and see as to how were doing on share. So I dont know if were gaining share, but I hear relative share position in the U.S. is certainly improving. And in Europe, Priceline is a tough competitor and every single quarter they seem to come out with better s than we expect and the street expects, so thats what Im expecting from them this quarter. Im really happy with the way that were executing in Europe. It feels like were taking share, and Im hoping to be able to increase share going forward, but again, the data is not that dependable, so were pretty focused on what were doing internally. And what Im happy about in Europe is that, with that with FX and XFX our growth rates are accelerating, so thats a pretty good sign.
Imran Khan: Okay, thank you for taking my questions. Good quarter!
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Anmuth from Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Doug Anmuth: Thank you. Two questions. You talked about the supply picture materially stabilizing, going forward, and you mentioned the Wyndham deal. Can you give us an update on the other outstanding hotels deals with the MGM Starwood and Hilton? And then secondly, can you also reconcileyou mentioned 50% growth in revenue at Hotwire, but also continued challenges in merchant air and packagingcan you reconcile those two things? Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: On the supply side, the three brands that you mentioned are partners that were having discussions with. We dont comment on specific deals and I dont necessarily want to comment on specific discussions other than sayingwere hopeful. Were having good, constructive dialogues with them. Were talking with them about how we can partner up with them and how we can add value from a long-term basis, and certainly the momentum that youve seen in our business helps. I think that our partners see that we are a better partner in general and were investing marketing dollars, were investing technology, were investing in people, to grow this business from a long-term perspective across broad brands and broad geographies. So that really, really helps when we enter into discussions with them, because they know that were going to be the bigger partner for them, three years from now than we are today. All I can say about those discussions are, were cautiously optimistic; hopefully they wont go sideways and hopefully well have good news to tell you, and I think our track record has been pretty good. On the Hotwire side versus the merchant hotel business orI think it was the package businessyou know, Hotwire is just executing really, really well and were seeing significant strength for them on the hotel side of the business and especially on the car side of the business. So the air side of the business with Hotwire is more difficult and I think that they are executing uphill quite effectively. The cuts in the bookings fees has helped volume, but in general, the air side of Hotwire is less profitable now than it has been for the past couple of years, and they are making up for, and more with the other sides of the business, with hotel and especially car. So their battling uphill and theyre battling uphill very, very effectively. And what you see on the air side of Hotwire is very consistent with what you see on the air side of our package business, which is less attractive inventory in general.
Doug Anmuth: Okay, thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Peck, from Bear Stearns. Please go ahead.
Robert Peck: My first question is for Barry and one for Dara. Barry if you think about allocation of capital with these tighter, dead markets, can we see other uses of this capital. Should we be thinking about acquisitions, strategic moves that should be made? And what are your thoughts on eLong going forward? And then just a quick follow up for Dara.
Barry Diller: On the capital, I think were always ready for acquisitions. We make and have made small acquisitions in the last period. I cant say thatll be true for the future. There may be something that will come on our sites. If so, depending upon (inaudible) you can predict these dead markets, certainly not at this moment. Theres obviously, as you all know, currently a freeze up. Things are getting done, theres a tremendous amount of supply thoughall of those deals that have been announced and not yet completed their funding, so, I think that we should always be ready, and always have powder for first acquisitions to build the business, and other investments to make in the business. And then, as Ive said, in the best way I can, which is our willingness to borrow a great deal of money to purchase a stock, an aggressive share program. I think Dara would be better to comment on eLong than I would. Dara?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Robert, you know on eLong were very happy about the position that we have. Were solid number two in China, which is a promising and incredibly fast growing and incredibly fast changing market. Weve got Henrik Kjellberg, who as you know, came from our PSG group in Europe; running the APAC group in general is now the interim chairman or interim CEO of eLong and hes very focused on basic operational step at eLong. I think that the good news at eLong is that we have a good core group of managers there. Were bringing on great challenge over the next couple of months. Were meeting really, really interesting candidates for the CEO job there, and its an operational issue and were in a pretty friendly environment and if we get one step in front of the other, I think eLong can be a great success. And were pretty confident that Henrik and his management can get us there.
Robert Peck: And then just a quick follow up on Apollo, if you dont mind. Did you say that youre already currently hitting that $50 million a year fundraising on some of that this quarter? If we start thinking about that 50 million annualized, starting to run through our quarters going forward here. What do you think as far as any sort of differential number here? Could there be any sort of upside surprise from Apollo?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Mike, Ill let you take that.
Mike Adler: Yeahwe are seeing the $50 million on an annualized basis and would expect to see that going forward on a full year basis with respect to upsides on Apollo. We really dont view it as Apollo anymore. We view it as an engrained attitude in the company in terms of continuous improvement for productivity and cost initiatives. And we have a whole series of things that we are doing and that were working on that we expect will continue to roll into the business, in the future some of which will offset investments that we make in other places. We have spent most of our time on the costs of sales line and we will begin looking more carefully at the other kinds of our business as well.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Rob, I understand that Apollo really does go to a mindset which is a philosophy at how we operate and you see it deep down in the business. Its a belief that when were building systems and/or business processes to build them right and build them to scale. So as we grow, the cost per transaction of the company gets better and becomes optimized and sometimes that takes taking longer to build something upfront, but ultimately the long term rewards are there and I think it is a shipmans philosophy is that how we approach projects and business processes.
Rob Peck: Thanks, Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Anthony Noto, from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Anthony Noto: Thank you very much. Dara, I was wondering if you could give us a sense ofyour advertising numbers obviously becoming bigger and accelerating and are for several quarters now. Could you give us a sense what the PayTree growth is at TripAdvisor, the change in sell-through and CPM, just so we can start to better understand how much growth opportunity there is just from selling more of whats available as opposed to necessarily having to drive from more usage. And then the second question, also related to advertising, but from a cost perspective for Expedia. Were seeing a trend in the industry of a significant abundance of new inventory available from the likes of these booking media and all these other companies that have very valuable audience and theyre selling at much lower CPMs than what you may need to pay at someplace like a Yahoo! or AOL or MSN. Have you at all been able to leverage that diversification in your marketing makes to drive down your costs for audience reach on the advertising line? And then the last question also related to cost. Paypal was able to sign up two major airlines as a payment functionality for those airlines. Is there an opportunity for you to reduce your credit card fees or payment fees per transaction by using an alternative payment system like Paypal? Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: On TripAdvisor the traffic and in general the page views and the commerce clips are up pretty significantly at very, very strong double digits. The working at a growth for TripAdvisor in general is over 50%, and in really the growth that were seeing in TripAdvisor is more on traffic than rate, so to speak. Now, just digging into that a little bit, whats happening with TripAdvisor on the revenue side is that the kind of cost per click business is growing healthily Anthony and thats based on traffic increases and actual clicks both domestically and especially growing in the international markets. And what were adding onto that is really a CPM business, its really a media business thats essentially a new business thats starting from, essentially scratch Id say middle of last year and what were getting to do is layer on that media business, a travel media business on top of its CPC business on TripAdvisor as well. So, thats why were seeing the momentum and the momentum is built on traffic and obviously revenue. The new users on TripAdvisor I think on a year-on-year basis were up 15%, page views were up stronger than that, I dont know the exact number of the page views. As far as kind of alternate media and the Facebook etc. were looking at those. Alternate media is not a significant amount of our spend to date and while it can be a decent branding media we havent seen significant click-throughs, etc. from that kind of advertising so I think were still in the experimental stage on Facebook and some of the new media but were certainly very interested in it. One of the areas that were actually focused on, Facebook for example, is as you know they opened up their platform for applications, third party applications and TripAdvisor in about a week built a mapping application onto the Facebook platform and I think its the second kind of largest downloaded travel application in the Facebook communities. So were pretty active there and were experimenting but I cant come to you with any conclusions right now as to the size or the success of that experimentation right now. And I think that your last question was on PayPal, was that right?
Anthony Noto: Yes.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Mike, why dont you talk about that?
Mike Adler: We have looked over the most recent periods at our cost of credit card transaction fees and there are areas that we will continue to analyse. We have several points of sale that already are using alternative payment systems, including Bill Me Later at Hotwire and at Hotels.com
Anthony Noto: I think Hotwires also using PayPal right?
Mike Adler: I believe Hotwire is using PayPal as well and in Europe we are using debit cards and things of that nature so we definitely view it as an opportunity. It continues to be a cost for us that is larger than we would like it to be and as we continue to centralize some of the operations of the company and bring together our points of sale around the world through E3 and other projects its going to make it easier for us to leverage and get better rates across the company, so, definitely an opportunity for us in the future.
Anthony Noto: Small right now and hopefully itll increase in size.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from Michael Millman from Soleil. Please go ahead.
Michael Millman: I guess a couple of questions thinking the (inaudible) may be in the script talk about in Europe a competitive market in hotels. Does that mean that youre reducing the commissions or discounts in Merchant in order to compete with Pricelines agency charges?
Unidentified Company Representative: Sure, Michael, in Europe we actually think that in Europe that the value that we bring to our hotel supply partners is equal to what they pay us so its not an issue for, or we havent been focused on revenue margins as much as weve been focused on price. I talked about a couple of quarters ago how were very focused with the PSG group on the product that we have on the shelves and that means availability, breadth and price. In looking at Europe, we found out, maybe we shouldnt have been surprised that our pricing wasnt as good as it should have been, we took actions on that accord that did affect European revenue margins and improved pricing pretty significantly and you see it in the volumes. So that did affect margins but its not a margin to the hotel issue.
Michael Millman: When you say price wasnt as good you mean you lowered the price or raised the price?
Unidentified Company Representative: We lowered the price.
Michael Millman: And that has helped pick up volume.
Unidentified Company Representative: That has helped increase our competitiveness with booking.com and other providers out there. Our volume has been quite positive whether you can draw a one to one cause or effect between price and volume is not entirely clear but we think that it helped.
Michael Millman: On the servicing fee or transaction fee where youve dropped it from place to place, how important is that servicing fee to the air revenue ticket and to what extent does that reduction in certain locations and products impacted your 19% decline in air revenue per ticket?
Unidentified Company Representative: I dont have, Mike do you know the exact effect that it had on the, 19%, I dont think that we have that number, that we would disclose it exactly but if you look at the European revenue margin decrease, the two largest drivers of that revenue margin decrease were the booking fee reductions that we mentioned also signing up with Ryan Air which is a new deal so to speak and having gross bookings volume coming in from Ryan Air and not recognizing the revenue in quarter. So its definitely a piece of the revenue margin equation.
Michael Millman: Can you give us some rough idea as to how much, how important on a macro basis those fees are?
Unidentified Company Representative: In general, the air revenue is now less than 15% of our overall revenue. Its decreasing every quarter it seems to decrease and the air booking fee is round about a third, this is on a global basis, of our total air revenue. And then of course what section is U.S. versus Europe, we dont disclose. You can probably do some math guessing on that.
Michael Millman: And regard to improvement in Expedia.com with the marketing expense store, to what extent is that getting more volume and to what extent is that you have improved your conversion rate?
Unidentified Company Representative: Its both, Michael, its better volume from direct channels. Its very, very strong performance from the e-mail channel offset by some weakness on the affiliate channel and some of the indirect channels. And its a very solid conversion performance as well. Its a combination of both.
Michael Millman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Mark Mahaney: Thank you very much, two questions please. You mentioned that ECT growth I think in bookings was over 20%. Can you put that in context what was the growth like for that the last couple of quarters? And secondly, just thinking broadly about margins for the business as a whole, if European margins, with that revenue growth, faster but European holds the margins 1000 dips below U.S. levels. What are the implications of that for the overall margins of the business? Do the U.S. and European margins reach converge over the next couple of years or do the European margins rise up to U.S. levels. What would be the factors that would cause that to happen or not cause that to happen? Thank you very much.
Unidentified Company Representative: On ECT, theres 20% growth that we had is similar to the growth rate that we had in Q1. Its slower than what we had last year and really the European markets at ECT remain very strong. In the U.S. were seeing a little bit of weakness as far as corporate travel spend with some of our clients. So the new client sign ups goes along quite well over 100 million, we think we can do better but in general were getting plenty of new clients in the door so to speak. The client retention is excellent but some of the spending levels in the U.S. on an account by account basis have been a bit weaker than we expected. We think that its a combination of some U.S. corporations being conservative on spend and conservative on margins and were trying to figure out if it has something to do with wallet share as well. So thats really what were focused on as far as the U.S. goes and hopefully taking the 20% and hopefully improving it from there. I think on European margins, Mike, you can speak to that as well, do you want to talk to that, or do you want me to?
Michael Adler: No, go ahead.
Unidentified Company Representative: Okay, Id say in Europe in general, you know you look at the European market and the overall European travel market is larger than the U.S. travel market. And when you look at our international revenue, its around 29%, I think thats actually gross bookings, its around 29% of our total. And what we see in Europe right now is opportunity. And there is, we still think that there is very, very significant growth potential in Europe, and because of that growth potential, and also frankly, because weve got a very tough competitor there, were focused on making sure that we maintain our growth share, and that requires investment, and frankly were happy to invest in that market. So I see in the near term, were more focused on European top-line growth than bottom-line growth, but as the market matures, and Im hoping that it doesnt mature any time soon, but as the market matures I would think that margins in Europe do have the opportunity to uptake, and if you look inside the countries in Europe, for example the U.K., which is a more mature market, does have significantly higher margins than lets say a Germany or a France. So I do expect it to get there, but frankly I dont want it go get there any time soon.
Michael Adler: Just a quick clarification, the 29% of bookings was the international figure, and then Europe would be 20% of the total.
Unidentified Company Representative: Can we have the next question please, operator?
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from Chris Gutek from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Chris Gutek: Thanks, two question. So I guess given the nice acceleration in the top-line growth, but partly offset by the higher marketing spending in the quarter, Im curious if you guys have changed your long-term thinking on how to maximize the value of the firm, given the trade off between growth and profitability. Specifically, you know its a long term expectation that any leverage you see elsewhere in the business gets consumed by higher marketing spending, or conversely, the heavy spending you talked about earlier, is that really just for the next couple quarters and beyond that you havent necessarily made a decision about optimal strategy?
Unidentified Company Representative: Um, Chris, Id say its more the latter. You can certainly see that our behavior as far as marketing spending compared to last year has changed pretty significantly. And you know we havent undertaken this strategy for a long time, so its hard to come to a long term conclusion. We think that at least for this year its the right strategy going forward. Now we do, weve told you that over the long term we are optimizing for a free cash flow number, were not optimizing for margins. And when we look at what is the best path to get there, is it better to get there with very, very strong top-line growth or weaker top-line growth and try to leverage a business, so to speak? One thing that weve seen with strong top-line growth is that it gets you scale, and it helps you with revenue margins in the kind of discussions that we have with our supply partners. I do believe that we can secure a long term economic and relationship advantage over our competitors because of that scale. It gets you scale as far as the fixed cost, it lets you amortize the kind of admittedly large investments that were making on technology, on fixed infrastructure. It lets you amortize those investments over a wider swath of transactions. And third, and this is new, as we build audience, we build a bigger audience for which to build a media business. And I think that at least for now, were the only players, were the only travel player, who is building a media business of scale, and again that goes to kind of the amount of revenue that we can get per unique user, per oddball, and scale does get us advantages that we believe, at least at this point, we believe we have a chance of being differentiated so to speak.
Chris Gutek: Okay, great. And then my second sort of follow-up question to the prior discussion regarding the elimination of booking fees at Hotwire and Priceline for domestic air bookings, do you think this is sort of a shot across (inaudible) that the bookings fees could be eliminated across other products or all products and all geographies. Or is just that the domestic air business has a lower value proposition to the customer, and you dont the spreading?
Unidentified Company Representative: Tough to tell at this point. You know, Hotwire and Priceline have a very, very specific audience, and its an audience thats looking for discounts, and its an audience that wants price breaks. So I think that, and at the time you have both Hotwire and Priceline experience degradation in the quality of their air inventory. So what Priceline did and they did it first, made a lot of sense, and its something that theyve done verythats specific to their business, thats specific to their audience, and the same goes for Hotwire. So this time, I dont know, if its a shot across the bough. I dont know if its going to spread.
Chris Gutek: Okay, great. Thanks.
Unidentified Company Representative: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Aaron Kessler from Piper, Jaffray, & Co.
Aaron Kessler: Thank you guys. A couple of questions. First, on Europe, I may have misheard youcan you give us an update on the hotel inventory of May for UK and continental Europe? And also your investment in field sales. And then one follow-up question.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, as far as the inventory goeswe decreased inventory, I think at 20% on a year-over-year basis, as far as I know for merchant hotel properties that we have available. Im frankly hoping to accelerate that growth. To build a field sales force I think we are investing in the field sales force; of course Europe takes a bit of time. Its a combination of investing in the field sales force and also investing in systems that allow us to hook up to the hotels in a cleaner way, in a faster way. And also allow the hotels to work with us easier. Our internet for example isnt as good or smooth as it needs to be. So its a combination of system investments and field sales force investments. Id say were in the early to middle part of that cycle, but Im really confident about the way that that group is going to execute.
Aaron Kessler: And did you say there are 12,000 hotels in Europe or is that direct connections?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think its 12,000 merchant hotels, and then we obviously have GDS connections. I dont know how many hotels in Europe.
Aaron Kessler: One follow-up question. For the Q1 inflation you were talking about, can you give us a little more detail on thatwhen did that start, and roughly what kind of increase you saw there? Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: The Q1 inflation has been fairly consistent. Its been double-digit inflation on a keyword-by-keyword basis. Were able to mitigate some of this because in general ADRs, for example on the hotel side of the business, are increasing so were able to offset some of that. Weve going to work on the conversions side as far as what keywords to bid for, and how consumers are converting on our site. But its a pretty competitive marketplace out there and it has been since the beginning of the year. We certainly havent seen any change in behavior there.
Aaron Kessler: Quick clarificationwhen you say change of pricing in Europe, was that to pricing to your consumer or your commission rate?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Pricing to the consumer in general.
Aaron Kessler: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Dara Khosrowshahi: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Justin Post, from Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Justin Post: Thank you. Next quarter, Id like to first talk about where youre at in penetration of the US consumer markets and corporate travel. Could you give us an update on where you think you are as far as a percent and where it could go? And then secondly, if Barry is still on the line, could you talk about your philosophy with doing tender offers? It seems to create extra volatility for the stock. Why not just do buybacks? You know, in kind of an opportunistic waythe way I see has approached it so far?
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as penetration in the corporate market, its tiny, Justin. So were at the runway at 300 million a quarter, as far as our corporate travel business goes. The corporate travel, the size of the corporate travel market in the US, Im guessing is an excess of 80 billion or so, [Stu]? [Stu] is nodding his head. So the penetration is tiny. The big, big players are obviously the AMEXs and the Carlsons of the world. And where we have the largest challenge right now is to break into kind of the top tier, the very big accounts where AMEX and Carlson are very strong. Were doing great on the small up to medium accounts. The challenge is to step up the ladder, so to speak, and its something that were very much focused on. But [ETT] is going to be a gross story for a very, very long time to come for this company. And then I will let Barry answer the last question.
Barry Diller: I have no guiding philosophy on how to purchase stock. Again, it really is best done opportunistically. And we felt that the tender offers, while yes, they may produce more volatility because theres such a point of sales, or such a point of buy. But we thought it was most efficient when we were thinking of particularly large numbers in terms of our desire at a moment in time to buy stock tender offer or other mechanisms. One stop only, so to speak, or more efficient. But we debate this all the time as to whether or not were just better with a plan, or better going in every day, or every other day, or every 40th day. Depending on what we think, again, our approach to all of this relative to stock repurchases is opportunistic, and we really only talk about it after the fact. Other then our, I think now, I hope, clearly understood and accepted position that, number one, our intent, as shown, is to buy stock. And, secondly, we think a certain amount of leverage is healthy for this business at this point in time. I think those, as the two guiding principles, those are the ones were going to follow in the future, and I think thats going to be very good for the people who are current holders of the stock.
Justin Post: Thank you, Barry. If I could follow up Dara, could you give penetration of the U.S. market? And then, the last thing, Amazon kind of surprised people with Amazon Prime, driving some growth there. How do you feel about the loyalty program, and can you give any metrics on that?
Barry Diller: Justin, what do you mean by the U.S. market? I thought that Id given the penetration
Justin Post: The leisure market.
Barry Diller: Okay, the leisure market is close to 50% according to focus (inaudible), so those arent numbers that we make available.
Justin Post: Okay great, thank you. And then on the loyalty program, how do you feel about that, and are there any metrics you can share as far as driving additional purchase activity?
Dara Khosrowshahi: The metrics we can share is were happy with the sign ups. Weve got over 750 thousand Thank You members now on board. The Thank You program is definitely driving increased frequency as far as visits and shopping, and also transactions, especially on the hotel side of the equation, which is obviously our most profitable line of business. But its still too early for us to give you other metrics as far as what is truly incremental or whats not. But were certainly happy with what we see from the Thank You program, and were very happy with the partnership that weve got with [City].
Justin Post: Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: You bet. Well thank you very much for joining us today. Barry, myself, and Mike get to tell you about everything that weve done in the quarter, but its really the seven thousand employees of Expedia are the ones who are doing it and executing on a daily basis, so I didnt want to sign off before giving a special thank you to them. So were hoping to tell you all about our accomplishments in Q3, and well see you then. [Stu], anything else?
[Stu Hoss]: No thats it. A replay of the call will be available on the investor relations website subsequent to this call and thank you for listening in.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude Expedia Inc.s second quarter 2007 conference call. If youd like to listen to a replay you may also dial 1-800-405-2236 or 303-590-3000, and use pass code 11094031# to access the conference. Thank you again for your presentation today and you may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q1  (2007-05-08 11:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Stu Haas  Vice President of Investor Relations   Barry Diller - Chairman & CEO, InterActive Corp.   Dara Khosrowshahi  CEO, Expedia Inc.   Michael Adler - CFO 
Analysts: Heath Terry - Credit Suisse   Justin Post - Merrill Lynch   Bridget Reischer - JPMorgan   Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray   Mark Mahaney - Citigroup   Scott Devitt - Stifel Nicolaus   Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley   Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs   Paul Keung - CIBC World Markets   Douglas Anmuth - Lehman Brothers   Robert Peck - Bear, Stearns   Michael Millman - Soleil Securities 
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by and welcome to the Expedia Inc. first quarter 2007 conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Stu Haas, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 
 Stu Haas:  Good morning and welcome to Expedia Inc. financial results conference call for the first quarter ended March 31, 2007. I am pleased to be joined on the call today by Barry Diller, Expedia's Chairman and Senior Executive; Dara Khosrowshahi, our CEO; and Michael Adler, our CFO.  The following discussion, including responses to your questions, reflects management's views as of today May 8, 2007, only. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking, including our comments on financial expectations, operational performance and margins, planned investments and spending, platform improvements, systems upgrades, growth of business lines, financial performance, and dilution.  Actual results may differ materially. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information to reflect future events or circumstances. Please refer to today's press release and the company's filings with the SEC, including our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006 for additional information about factors that could potentially affect our financial and operational results.  During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, including OIBA, operating expenses excluding stock-based compensation, free cash flow, adjusted net income, and adjusted EPS. In our press release, which is posted on the company's IR website at ExpediaInc.com/IR, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with the most comparable data measures.  Finally, unless otherwise stated, all references to gross margin, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense, and technology and content expense exclude stock-based compensation and all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2006.  With that, let me turn the call over to Dara. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Dara Khosrowshahi:  Thanks, Stu and thank you to everyone for making the time to join us on the call this morning. On behalf of Expedia's global employees, I am pleased to report solid results for Q1. We achieved our first-ever quarter above the $5 billion bookings threshold, meaning Expedia travelers on average booked over $55 million in travel everyday at our global websites and call centers. Our geographical diversification continues, with the European leisure bookings growing 32% to exceed $1 billion for the first time in our company's history. Revenue growth of 11% was the company's highest in five quarters and we delivered $104 million in operating income before amortization of 18% from the prior year period.  Our goal as a management team is to optimize our cash flow over the long term, while efficiently managing dilution. On a trailing 12 month basis, Expedia's free cash flow was $606 million and our diluted share count for Q1 was down 11% year over year, due to our repurchase of 50 million shares and measured grants of equity awards.  Turning to operations, our partner services group continues to gain momentum in building the world's most compelling assortment of travel products and services. On the air side of the house, we anticipate announcing the addition of a major LCC carrier to our marketplace in the next few weeks. The deal is similar to our other airline contracts: long-term, full content, and so forth. This carrier joins Expedia family for the very first time and follows on the heels of our recent successes with AirTran, Frontier Airlines, and ExpressJet in ensuring long-term availability of value-priced fares for our travelers. We look forward to integrating this incremental content on our sites later in Q2.  We have still got some more work to do on air with three of the majors still in discussions, but we hope to have something to announce in the near term on that front. While we have still got some more work to do, including a similar round of GES carrier discussions in Europe this year, I would expect to see more stable air ticket economics as we move into 2008. If we should see continued improving unit growth on the air side, that would make for good news for us going forward.  On the hotels side, I know it has been awhile since we talked about our mix of larger chains versus other hotels and I wanted to update you as to where we are there. In 2006, hotel properties represented by the top ten hotel chains in our marketplace accounted for a little over 30% of our worldwide merchant hotel revenues. This percentage was down more than 100 basis points from 2005, so Expedia continues to drive the bulk of our hotel economics from smaller chains and independents.  From a contract standpoint, we have four of our top ten chains up for renewal in 2007: Wyndham, MGM, Starwood, and Hilton. I want to thank our lodging partners for their unprecedented cooperation in Expedia's Summer Vacation Sale, which began in mid-April and runs through July 10. We are offering great hotel and package deals on more than 200 destinations, with hundreds of deals featuring 30% off rates you won't find anywhere else, online or off. This not only reflects great relationships and hard work by our PSG team, but it is also a reflection of the value that we deliver to our supply partners and how that value can result in a differentiated product offering in Expedia's marketplace. We have been very pleased with the conversion uptick we have seen with the sale and just last week, we began to support the sale with TV advertising, which we hope will drive traffic gains as well.  I have said on the past couple of calls that our number one priority in 2007 is turning the tide at Expedia.com and I wanted to give you an update on where things stand in Q1 and going into Q2. The new Confident Traveler marketing campaign we introduced in late February and ran through mid-March has been a solid success. Testing indicated a record score for Expedia.com TV advertising on the critical intent-to-visit metric and more importantly, we did see overall unique visitors grow year on year in Q1 for the first time in quite a while. Traffic is great, but at the end of the day, all that matters is whether visitors and shoppers translate into buyers and on that score, I am very pleased to report that while transactions for Q1 overall were relatively flat to last year, in the month of March we grew Expedia.com transactions 3% and we have seen continued strong growth for the month of April and into May.  Now I don't want to get too carried away with a couple of months of data and it is important to acknowledge that there are many, many contributors to the improvement beyond the brand campaign. Reduced average airfares, increased spend in email, search engine marketing and online marketing, improvements in site availability and content, stabilization of our MSN business, the increased supply breadth including AirTran flights, and many other areas. But we are cautiously optimistic that we have begun to see a turn at Expedia.com and we hope to build on that momentum with new initiatives like our summer sale.  Another contributor to our success Expedia.com this quarter that we hope will become a larger factor over the long term is our Thank You Rewards program offered in conjunction with Citigroup. Since our late 2006 launch, we have had over 500,000 Expedia travelers enroll in the program. More importantly, the early indications and I do want to stress that this is very early data, as the transaction base across which we are observing shopping behavior is fairly modest , but the early signs indicate that Thank You members have shifted their consumption mix towards higher margin merchant hotel and destination service products, as well as increased the mix of package transactions. We are also seeing increased shopping frequency from Thank You members versus the control group.  Now I want to touch real briefly on the other pieces of our brand portfolio, starting with our international points of sale. As I mentioned at the outset, international had another really strong quarter, with European segment bookings up 32%, including 50% or higher growth in Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, and Hotels.com Europe. Certainly FX was a tailwind here, accounting for 10 points of the 32% growth, but there is solid organic growth of pace in Europe. We have increased our marketing spend, as we see good return for our search engine marketing and brand spends, and we have also expanded our experimentation with reduced and, in some cases, no booking fees and plan to continue optimizing our approach there.  ECT had its second straight quarter of record new business signings, including the extension of our relationship to their European operations, an excellent testament to the power of having a global footprint in corporate travel. ECT now boasts over 3,500 global clients. On the down stroke, bookings growth slowed to approximately 20% due to softer North American corporate travel spend, with lower US airfares contributing to this trend. We expect the recent sign-up success to help offset this softness, but it will likely take a bit of time to see the results.  TripAdvisor continues to excel. During Q1, Trip expanded its reach by introducing a new automated RSS tool enabling websites the world over to leverage its wealth of inside travel information. The Affinia Dumont in New York and Barcleys House in Vancouver and many other hotels are just a few of global hotels leveraging Trip's syndicated content on their own websites. Trip continues to diversify its revenue stream, coming in ahead of expectations on both the graphical advertising and international business fronts.  Hotels.com in the US had a fairly challenging quarter from a transaction and gross booking standpoint, as it lapped some robust comparables from last year and faced some short-term operational issues. We are getting those kinks ironed out and are seeing some positive signs from hard work of the team in Dallas. I am quite optimistic that we are in good shape for Q2 and beyond when Hotels.com ramps up its brand advertising going forward. Look for some good developments here.  I am really pleased to report that Hotwire had a great first quarter, returning to transactional bookings growth for the first time in a year, while managing to more than double its contribution to overall profitability, its highest ever. While challenges continue in terms of merchant air availability, the Hotwire team has managed to grow revenue and profitability by diversifying its gross bookings base from approximately 50% hotel and car in Q1 '06 to 65% this Q1. The team is hard at work integrating AirTran content onto its site, which we expect to complete by the end of Q3.  Before I turn things over to Mike, one of our operations that I would like to shed a little more light on this or is our media business. As I mentioned last quarter, Expedia's mission is to get the world going by building the world's largest and most intelligent marketplace. In our minds, being a marketplace goes beyond our core role of intelligently matching supply and demand to drive profitable transactions. It also entails providing a flexible, global, and differentiated platform for both travel and non-travel advertisers to reach our valuable shoppers.  The most obvious example of our media strategy a work TripAdvisor, which leverages its award-winning user generated content to enable suppliers and online travel agents, including Expedia brands, to reach its 20 million unique users. We have been such fans of the TripAdvisor model that over the past six months we acquired a number of smaller players in this space, including SmarterTravel, TravelPod, Travel Library and Steves group. These properties generate over 6 million unique visitors per month and will continue to run as standalone businesses reporting to Steve Kaufer, TripAdvisor's CEO.  The other less visible, but equally important part of our media strategy is taking place at our worldwide points of sale. While Expedia, Hotels.com, and their international counterparts are rightly focused on doing everything they can to improve transaction conversion, we as a global company can do much better job of monetizing the 90% plus of the 60 million unique monthly visitors who don't end up purchasing from us for one reason or another.  One small step we took this past quarter was the introduction of graphical advertising on Expedia.com enabling Ford, Microsoft, Kodak, Volvo as well as a host of travel suppliers to reach our travelers. We have a ton of work left to do on the media side of the house and a number of incremental initiatives underway, but we are excited about our initial steps thus far and by the significant opportunity this area represents for our marketplace vision.  From a financial standpoint, TripAdvisor, our acquired standalone media properties, and our point-of-sale media business in total generated $37 million in Q1 net revenue, or 6.7% of our total revenues. This represents organic growth of over 50% from $21 million, or 4.2% of total revenue in Q1 06. We look forward to continuing to aggressively expand these businesses and updating you on our operational and financial progress in quarters to come.  In closing, Q1 was another quarter of progress for Expedia Inc. We are encouraged by the early signs of growth at our flagship Expedia.com brand, pleased with our robust international businesses, and optimistic about the length of runway remaining in our media efforts. Q2 will be a much tougher bottom line comp for us than Q1 was, but I am optimistic that back half of the year will begin to see us excel financially on both the top and bottom lines. 
Michael Adler: Great. Thanks, Dara. Good morning, everyone. I would like to provide you with a review of our results and close with our updated financial expectations for 2007. Let me begin with transactions, which grew 5% in Q1, our second straight quarter of accelerating growth for this core metrics. Worldwide gross bookings were up 8% during the quarter, fueled by 32% growth in Europe, while North America bookings grew 1% in Q1. We are clearly not satisfied with this continued soft growth in North America, but we are encouraged by the accelerating growth we saw in March and into Q2 at Expedia.com.  Worldwide bookings growth decelerated from Q4's 9% due primarily to the lowest airfare increases we have seen since 2004, with North America fares actually down 1%. The good news is our remuneration is generally not impacted by fare levels and the price decrease contributed to a relatively healthy 5% increase in tickets sold, our highest rate of growth in five quarters.  Revenue increased 11%, led by 17% growth in merchant hotel revenue. This more than offset the year-on-year decline we saw in air revenue. Our hotel revenue growth was aided again this quarter by strong ADR growth, with rates up 9%. Hotel room rate grew just 3%, as we think US travelers may be feeling some room rate fatigue, which you see reflected in broader hotel occupancy rates stagnating, or in some cases, declining. We finished the quarter strongly with 5% worldwide room rate growth in the month of March.  Package revenue had another soft quarter, with revenue declining 2%. We are still feeling the impact of depressed merchant air availability, cutting into package savings for travelers in North America, as well as some compressed supply in key package markets, such as Las Vegas. But as with room nights, we are beginning to see some early progress in Q2 and hopefully we will have better news on packages later into the year.  In addition, we continue to see strong results in Europe in Q1, with 18% package revenue growth, aided by product enhancements to increased selection. Worldwide revenue margin increased 35 basis points, with North America up 57 points and Europe down 27 points.  As a reminder, our prior year North America revenue and, in turn, North America and worldwide revenue margins, were negatively impacted by some short-term effects of moving Hotels.com onto the Expedia.com supply platform that worked its way out as 2006 progressed. This made for an easy comparable and contributed to the 110 basis point improvement in hotel raw margin in Q1.  Gross margin improved 163 basis points due to an increased mix of advertising and merchant hotel revenues. In addition, our Apollo productivity and cost-cutting efforts contributed a little less than $10 million in net year-on-year savings. We continue to expect $50 million in annualized benefits from Apollo and we expect to hit that run rate no later than Q4 of this year. While we certainly don't expect to see continued gross margin leverage as in Q1, we do expect to leverage gross margin over the longer term.  Selling and marketing remains at Expedia's largest expense line item and its 12% growth in Q1 was slightly ahead of revenue. The biggest drivers of the increase was spend in Europe to support our higher growth markets. In addition, our domestic search engine marketing spend increased in part due to double-digit keyword inflation. Selling and marketing was also impacted by increased year-on-year indirect cost related to destination services, TripAdvisor, ECT, and our partner services group. We continue to expect absolute selling and marketing expense to increase in '07 driven in part by increased advertising for Expedia.com as we support the brand throughout the year, as opposed to our front-ended loaded approach last year. We also plan to debut brand spend at a number of Expedia points of sale in Europe as well as for Hotels.com in Europe.  Technology and content expense was up 28%, as the significant software development capitalized in '06 began to roll through the P&L. As we mentioned last quarter, we expect this expense to increase throughout '07 and we expect greater deleverage from tech and content in '07 than we saw in full year '06. We are working on various initiatives to counter this deleverage, including ramping up our international technology outsourcing efforts. We now have the equivalent of approximately 10% of our tech headcount working under these arrangements.  CapEx in the quarter was $18 million, up 41%, and capitalized software development was again roughly half of our CapEx. We have reallocated some planned spend from the first half of '06 to the back half. so expect to see a significant increase in Q3 and Q4 CapEx versus Q1 and Q2.  On the bottom line, we delivered Q1 OIBA of $104 million, up 18% year on year, reflecting 11% revenue growth and 163 basis points of gross margin improvement, partially offset by 60 basis points of deleverage and operating expenses, excluding stock-based compensation. Adjusted net income per share for the quarter was $0.18 and was $0.02 lower due to FX losses, lower interest income as we funded our tender offer, and higher diluted share counts due to the increase in our share price during Q1.  I will close with our updated expectations for full year 2007, which are largely unchanged from those we articulated on the last call. We continue to expect positive single-digit OIBA growth for full year 2007. Based on growth and acquisitions in our media businesses, continued mix shift towards merchant hotel, and a softening domestic airfare environment, we now expect a flat to slight negative decrease in revenue margin compared with the 59 basis point erosion of 2006. We continue to expect double-digit increases in total operating expenses.  While we don't provide specific intra-year expectations, I do want to remind investors that Q2 will be particularly challenging due to the tough bottom line comparable with 2Q06, where we turned Expedia.com brand spend down when we saw we were driving the response we expected. Based on our early success with brands, we are not planning to take such action this year. You will also recall we delayed some Q2 spend in Europe last year in anticipation of the World Cup, which we won't have to do this year. In fact, we are increasing brand spent to play into some of the strength we are seeing in Europe. We will see the expense in bookings from these efforts in Q2, but some of the related revenue will fall into Q3.  We continue to look for higher OIBA growth in the second half of '07 versus the first half, as we anniversary new GDS agreements in the second half of '06, reap some benefit from our increased marketing investments as we move through the year, and hopefully see continued improvement at Expedia.com. Our expectations for 2007 assume FX rates remain where they have been recently, which would imply less benefit for our internationally-based operations as we move deeper into the year. We now expect CapEx to increase up to 10% in 2007, reflecting continued investments in our infrastructure initiatives. And we anticipate our technology capital needs leveling off in 2008.  I also want to reemphasize that while we will begin leveraging our new platform at enterprise data warehouse in '07, the financial expectations I just outlined assume no material financial impact from these initiatives.  While free cash flow in Q1 exceeded our expectations primarily due to some short-term timing benefits in working capital, I want to remind everyone that our cash flow is subject to quarterly fluctuations for a number of reasons, including relative growth of our merchant hotel business, booking window length, and timing of our marketing spend and merchant hotel payments among others. This makes cash flow difficult to predict and more importantly, we do not manage our business to hard cash targets on a quarterly basis. That said, with improved advertising revenue, higher mix of merchant hotel bookings and lower CapEx expectations, we think that free cash flow for the year is more likely to be flattish compared with our prior expectation of a modest decrease.  I want to thank everyone for your time today and for your continued interest in Expedia. I will now turn the call over to Barry for some closing thoughts ahead of Q&A. 
 Barry Diller : Thank you. I think we all know that you can't really remember pain very well, but I sure can tell you the difference this year as against the last is extremely pleasurable. There is a swelling and deserved feeling of progress and great energy at every level that I can see. At our recent retreat that we held just a few weeks ago, you saw everyone feeling that everywhere there was a coming together as a cohesive and functioning global enterprise.  Now building upon the great original work that was done ten years ago in establishing the business, this is finally now a happily-integrated and fully-functioning organization. When I think that this only took a couple of years; two actually, so it felt like more than a hundred to those involved, it really is a testament to the leadership of Dara and his team that this has happened in actually that short a period of time.  There is still much to be done and we are probably not going to have the smoothest path back to the consistent growth, but the structure and the people of this company are now solidly in hand. For me, I am utterly confident that we are on the way.  So you have now heard about, well, more than 20 minutes of detail underlying the performance of the quarter and some expectations for the year. So Stu, why don't we just go to questions now. 
 Stu Haas:  Great. Thanks, Barry. Let's move on to the Q&A portion of the call with Barry, Dara, and Mike. As a reminder, please limit yourself to one or two questions, so we can fit more questioners into the call today. Operator, would you please remind our listeners how to ask a question? 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Heath Terry - Credit Suisse. 
 Heath Terry - Credit Suisse: I was wondering if you could talk to us about your current view on the travel search segment and whether you see that as a model that either you are going to be interested in down the road or as having any kind of impact on your business currently? 
Dara Khosrowshahi: By travel search do you mean meta search? 
 Heath Terry - Credit Suisse:  Exactly. 
Dara Khosrowshahi:  I think we are watching the channel pretty closely. I think meta search has not turned out to be the bane of online travel existence as people thought it was going to be three years ago. So it is something we are watching pretty carefully. We actually, in buying SmarterTravel, we brought in an asset called Booking Buddy, which is a little bit similar to meta search in that it enables you to search on multiple sites, including our own and our competitors, to the extent that you are looking at an origination and a destination. I think that having SmarterTravel and Booking Buddy in the portfolio, so to speak, will give us a better look as to how these entities operate.  So we are going to be looking at Travel Search. For the time being, we have determined that it is not a product that is differentiated enough from our standpoint. It is not something that we are actively or aggressively participating in, but it is something we are going to watch and obviously it is a channel that is growing, so we are going to keep a close eye on it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Post - Merrill Lynch. 
 Justin Post - Merrill Lynch:  I wonder if you could help us reconcile a couple of the metrics versus your optimism. If you look at the hotel merchant night growth, it decelerated 3%, yet it sounds like things are turning around at Expedia, especially in the month of March. Could you help us understand why it decelerated there? 
Dara Khosrowshahi:  I think there are probably two reasons. We had, I think, indicated pretty clearly to you at the end of Q4 that we would have difficult top line comps going into the first quarter, especially January and February when last year, if you remember, we were spending media very aggressively against our old campaign. This year we really didn't get started spending on media until mid February. So we had anticipated, obviously, those spends do have a direct effect on top line and we anticipated top line difficult comps during January and February and that is exactly what we got.  When you look at the 3% merchant room night growth, January and February were worse than March and March was a good progression; April and May seem to be progressing nicely as well. So if we gave you monthly statistics, which we don't, I guess you would see the picture that we are trying to describe to you now.  On the room night growth, remember, on the merchant side of the business, we get benefit from room night growth and we get benefit from ADR growth as well. There does seem to be, if you look at occupancies and Smith Travel Data, room night occupancies do seem to be coming down just a bit and most of the REVPAR growth that you see from our hotel partners out there seems to be driven by more by rate.  So whether we bring in the revenue by room nights or by rate, we are neutral. It is revenue to us. So if you look at our merchant hotel revenue, it is 17% in Q1. I think that matches, let's say, the highest rate we have had in a number of quarters.  Overall, we are happy with our merchant hotel business and we like the trends that we see. 
 Justin Post - Merrill Lynch:  Can you talk about the other losses on the financial statement? You broke out the segments and there is another segment that I believe lost $85 million in OIBA. Can you just talk about what that is?  And then on the balance sheet at the end of last quarter, there was a project in process of around $35 million -- maybe a little commentary on that. 
Michael Adler: In terms of other losses, sort of the other segment, that includes ECT, AIPAC, and our unallocated corporate expenses. So when you break it down on a segment basis, our technology and content is largely included in that figure as well as most of our G&A. 
Dara Khosrowshahi:  Is the trip TripAdvisor elimination in other, Mike? 
Michael Adler:  There is a TripAdvisor elimination in other as well, though it nets out to zero. 
Dara Khosrowshahi:  But inside other, it's a negative, correct? 
Michael Adler: Yes. The TripAdvisor elimination is essentially the revenue that TripAdvisor is handing off to our other points of sale. To the extent that that grows, that grows as a negative number inside of other as well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Bridget Reischer - JP Morgan. 
 Bridget Reischer - JP Morgan: I have one housekeeping question, which is simply the tax rate. It seemed to be higher than we expected this quarter. What should we expect going forward?  If you could just give us a little bit more insight to where you see hotel raw margins progressing going forward? 
Michael Adler: On the tax rate, you know, for GAAP purposes, we are estimating approximately 38% for the full year and about the same for ANI as well.  In terms of hotel raw margins, we indicated on the last call that we expect a lower decline in '07 than we experienced in '06. Based upon everything that we have seen so far -- now, not all of our contracts are renegotiated yet, but based upon everything that we have seen so far -- we continue to think that it we will be the case. In Q1 we had a little bit of an extra benefit on the hotel revenue margin from the Hotels.com platform integration issue, I called out. So we don't expect to see an increase or anything like those levels as we progress throughout the year. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray. 
Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray: Can you give us a sense on the UK what percentage of that is for Europe and how that is growing versus continental Europe? What kind of progress are you making in terms of going to maybe some of the smaller European cities, where it looks like Priceline has done really well with it? Thank you. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: The UK, I don't have the exact percentage, but it is growing, I would say, at a significantly slower rate than continental. So one of the differences as far as our business, let's say compared to Priceline is that a higher percentage of it is focused on the UK and the continental businesses are growing at very strong rates. I talked about Germany, Italy, Hotels.com overall growing at over 50%. The UK is in double-digits, but significantly below those kinds of growth rates. But we haven't specifically talked about the percentage of the total.  On the smaller European cities, I would say we are at the beginning of a long road here. It takes a fair amount of effort to organize the group to target which cities you are going after. We are starting that effort in the UK and we hope to be rolling out that effort in the continent. I would say we are, again, we are at the start of a pretty long road.  One of the characteristics of our business which is a strength, but makes it difficult for us to go after the secondary and tertiary market is that where Expedia is a specially strong is for international travel and international destinations. That kind of travel tends to focus on the major tourist destinations, the Londons of the world, the Paris of the world, the Barcelonas of the world and doesn't tend to focus on the secondary and tertiary cities.  So there is a bit of retraining that we have to do of our consumers. I think we have to get better at search engine optimization to be able to build up the demand side at the same time as we are building up the supply side. The two have to go hand in hand. So it is going to take us a little bit of time. We are certainly focused on it, but don't expect big results over the next near-term quarters. 
Michael Adler: Just going backwards on the other segment to clarify. The elimination for TripAdvisor occurs in other both on the revenue and expense side, so there is net no impact in our other from TripAdvisor. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Mahaney - Citigroup. 
 Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: First, did transactions growth accelerate in both the US and Europe?  Secondly, on the packages weakness, what I want to try to figure out is can some of the deals, the renegotiations you have this year, can the deal with the LCC, can that help address that? You mentioned the depressed merchant air availability, depressed supply in key markets like Vegas, can those deals help that or are there structural issues at work here and how can you address that weakness? Thank you. 
Dara Khosrowshahi:  Mark, on transactions I believe that in Europe the transaction growth was fairly consistent with what we have seen in the past couple of quarters and the US was up. So if you look at the improvement, call it, in transaction growth from the last quarter, the 3% going to 5%, most of that improvement came in the US.  On the packages side, again, our packages strength or weakness depends on merchant air availability and a lot of that depends on how our airline partners are choosing to merchandise their product. So we typically do deals with them where we get full content, whatever fares they make available to other online travel agencies, or even direct on their site we want to have access to as well and will work with them on a quarterly basis, on weekly basis as to how to merchandise those fares. Certainly as part of our summer sale, for example, we have negotiated some fares that aren't available to other third parties. The merchant air inventory and the availability and the quality of that inventory really depend on our suppliers. It is something that we are working on, but it is not something we have control over. 
 Mark Mahaney - Citigroup:  Could that LCC have a direct impact on that availability? 
Dara Khosrowshahi:  It could, but it is too soon to tell. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Devitt - Stifel Nicolaus. 
 Scott Devitt - Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you and great quarter. I was wondering if you could comment on inventory accessibility in the merchant hotel business? You suggested research from Smith Travel that is showing a slowing occupancy and moderating rates, so I was just wondering if you are seeing any early indications of better access to rooms?  Separately, I think there were some international GDS deals cut in the past quarter. I was wondering your thoughts on those agreements relative to your expectations. Thanks. 
Dara Khosrowshahi:  On inventory accessibility, inventory accessibility is really not an issue for the company now. We have very good coverage in the major markets that we operate in, so the issue for us is not as much inventory accessibility as it is affordability and ADRs. So for example, if you look at Q1 this year, one of our weaker markets was the Las Vegas market. The reason why it was weaker was because there was a ton of corporate demand coming into Las Vegas and inventory in general was tight in the market. We did have availability, but just the rates were very high. What we find is that when rates are high, leisure consumers sometimes tend to be sensitive to that and they will shop around and they may choose an alternative destination.  For us it is not an issue of availability as it is more affordability. We are constantly working with our partners to the extent that we see a particular market where consumers are getting pretty sensitive to prices to work out deals, to work out package deals to see what we can do to stimulate demand in that particular market. For example, Las Vegas is looking a bit better than it was looking in Q1, although, again, it is a very, very strong market out there.  Does that make sense on inventory accessibility? 
 Scott Devitt - Stifel Nicolaus:  It does, yes. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: What was your second question? 
 Scott Devitt - Stifel Nicolaus:  I believe there were some international GDS deals cut with airlines and so we went through the domestic changes last year. I am just wondering if there is any incremental information in that area relative to your expectations on international GDS incentives? 
Dara Khosrowshahi:  It is still pretty early in the game as far as international goes, and what I would tell you is that the results are coming in pretty much as we expected, so no surprises, but it is fairly early. As we mentioned, Q1 and Q2 on the air side are going to be pretty tough comps as far as the air revenue per ticket. Later in the year and certainly in 2008, we expect to get somewhat better. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley. 
 Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley: With the Hotels.com brand in the US, based on the quote in the press release it sounds like if you strip out the really robust growth in Europe that the domestic bookings under the Hotels.com brand was modestly negative. I am curious if that is, in fact, correct. If so, if the repositioning of that business a few quarters back has sort of run its course and if there is a bit of a headwind there or what is the explanation for that? 
Dara Khosrowshahi: Hotels. com, we were up slightly domestically, but you are right in that we didn't see the strength that we had seen in past quarters. Certainly the comp at Hotels.com on a year-on-year basis in Q1 is a pretty difficult comp. I think Q1 of last year we grew around 21%. The issues with Hotels.com are to some extent it's a little bit of an operational issue in that the website is actually doing pretty well. Volume at the website is good. The two channels that are weaker for us are the call center channel and also the affiliate channel, which have picked up a bit lately as well. So the signs are positive there.  But it is really the call center channel that is a weaker channel for us at Hotels.com. The call center in general for Hotels.com is a larger channel than in our other businesses, so it is something that we are quite focused on, and that is where we are seeing most of our weakness.  Looking ahead to Q2, we are seeing encouraging signs, but again it is early and we do have a lot of work to do on the call center side. 
 Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley: On the marketing spending side more broadly, it sounds like with continued cost pressures there and a desire to spend a bit more at least versus the year-ago period for Europe and maybe elsewhere, that at least in the short term we are going to see some pressure there.  But in terms of the longer-term marketing spending relative to revenue, to what extent is there opportunity to get more efficient with the various channels and potentially bring those costs down as a percent of revenue in the medium to longer term? 
Dara Khosrowshahi:  Yes, if you look at marketing spend and you step back and look at what we have done in the past two years, you know, last year we spent very heavily on technology and infrastructure of the company, the PSG group and also as part of becoming a public company, we spent on infrastructure and we cut back on marketing spend and as a result we lost some share against our competition.  This year and especially going into Q2, we want to put some of that marketing spend to work. We expect it absolutely to result in higher growth in transactions. You have seen that. We expect it to result in higher revenue growth. We are finally back to double-digit revenue growth and we are really happy about that.  So we absolutely expect to see results from that, but on a near-term basis we will see bottom line pressure especially in Q2, because Q2 last year, again, we pulled our US marketing spend and we weren't spending in Europe because of the World Cup. So it is kind of a double hit for us. But again, you should see it in revenue and we fully expect to see it in revenue.  Going forward, if you are talking 2008, 2009 and beyond and if you think about marketing spend, you know, the pattern that we have seen in international markets is that as the international markets mature, the marketing spend tends to get a bit more efficient as a percentage of revenue. So we certainly see opportunity there.  I think that to the extent that we have the enterprise data warehouse fully functioning, we have the E3 platform, that we have been working on for two years that is very, very close to launching now functioning, I think that we will see operational improvements.  If we don't get those kinds of improvements, well, then the investment we have made haven't really paid off. As to whether we take those investments, those improvements and reinvest them in marketing to get more share, or if we take those efficiencies and put them to the bottom line, we haven't made that decision yet. That is something that, frankly, we have to talk to Barry and the board about as to how we want to allocate our capital going forward. I think the tools are there for a good story. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs. 
 Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: Dara, we have seen your bookings year-over-year growth rate stabilize here at right around 8%. I was just wondering if you think beyond 2007 would you be disappointed if the growth rate was just 8% or lower? If so, what are some of the factors that could get that back to double-digits?  And then, second question, international, we have seen Priceline have some great success over the last two years on the merchant hotel and retail hotel side. I am just wondering as you go into that market and try to have more room availability with new partners, what is the going rate on the merchant hotel side? Thanks. 
Dara Khosrowshahi:  Sure. On the gross booking side, one factor within gross bookings, Anthony, that we really don't have much control over is average prices of air tickets and average prices of room nights going out there. So there could be a bit of variability in gross bookings that we don't have control over and even though gross bookings stabilized this quarter, transactions actually accelerated.  When I think about the company going forward, our goal is to increase, to continue to accelerate the transaction rate of the company and if we accomplish that and if rates don't move kind of the direction of rates doesn't change, so to speak, then that should result in gross bookings growth at or above these levels.  So if you're looking for how we measure ourselves on what our expectations are, those are our expectations. You know, I think that we have turned the company in that aspect and we like the momentum of the company that we are seeing and we would be disappointed if that changes.  On the international side, I talked about this before as far as the makeup of our business being more focused on, call it, international travel, out of country travel, and it is going to take a bit of time for us to retrain the consumer and also realign our supply to be able to match what Priceline is doing.  Now, as far as the going rate for us in Europe, the going rate is what it is. I think that the value that we bring to our merchant hotel partners is fair. You have seen a real stabilization as far as our revenue margins go and we don't see that changing in Europe.  All that said, we are not managing the business to revenue margin, right? We are managing the business to long-term cash flow and profitability. So if we think that we can take down revenue margin and ignite growth that is something that we might consider. I don't think that is necessary. I think we can grow the business faster and keep the margins that we have largely stable; but again, we are managing for long-term growth here and we're managing for dollars, not revenue margin. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Keung - CIBC World Markets. 
 Paul Keung - CIBC World Markets: My first question is on the media business. You talked about the strength in media business, TripAdvisor, and I see you recently did an acquisition. I was wondering if you can tell me what is driving that business if you look out two more years, because it is one of the few revenue stream growing much faster than the overall market. If you take a five-year view, how much of that growth is really being driven by simply monetizing your traffic better versus a changing relationship with your suppliers in how you work with the suppliers in general? 
Dara Khosrowshahi:  Thanks, Paul. I would say on the media business, the growth of the media business in general for TripAdvisor, I would say, for the past couple of years has been more on traffic than monetization. So monetization has been fairly consistent, monetization on transactions has been fairly consistent. We are adding media revenue in there, so to some extent, that does improve monetization. But it is really growing the traffic of the company over the long term and that includes growing all channels.  So the fastest-growing channels on TripAdvisor are actually consumer direct, so just people are coming to the site more. We are expanding the site internationally and it is kind of a positive feedback loop, which is the more people come to the site, the more reviews are there, the more content is in the site, the more people it tends to attract.  TripAdvisor has also been very good at search engine optimization. Because of the amount of content that we have, we tend to get spidered a fair amount and, again, because of the number of years is that we have a worldwide basis, we think that trend is going to be a good trend. So most of the growth has just been expansion. A lot of it international, but in general just traffic to the site is growing healthily and that draws the business to the extent that we can monetize.  Now one of the benefits of bringing in these other media acquisitions that we made, four of them, is that TripAdvisor is very, very good at monetizing traffic. So we tend to be able to bring in traffic from other media sites and then to the extent that we either use TripAdvisor monetization or the TripAdvisor folks help these sites in monetizing their traffic better, we can get more bang for the buck and you really do see some synergies there.  So it is early as far as acquisitions go. It is something new as far as the TripAdvisor, call it management skill set. But so far, we are really happy with it and our philosophy is that if we continue to grow our audience both on our transactional sites and on our media sites on a long-term basis, on a global basis we are going to be building a pretty good business. 
 Paul Keung - CIBC World Markets: A quick follow-up on the question on the outlook for summer travel. I know that several airlines have indicated plans to increase inventory this summer. I was wondering if you are seeing more lead generation inventory come back to us you as you plan for summer travel period? 
Dara Khosrowshahi:  What you mean by lead generation inventory? 
 Paul Keung - CIBC World Markets:  Well, I think in the past, you have always considered air to be lead generation, so with more planes in the air and more seats. If you seeing any actually seeing some of that come back to you or as the airlines start to try to plan their routes this summer and try to work with the distributors. 
Dara Khosrowshahi:  Yes, I think in general the inventory of the Expedia marketplace is getting better. So if you look at the number of seats that we have available to sell, that inventory is growing. We have got Air China on the site, who is a terrific carrier, Frontier, ExpressJet, and I think that going forward, we will continue to improve the inventory and you have seen the results as far as air tickets being up for the first time in quite a while. So we are happy with inventory that is showing up and it seems to be selling nicely. 
 Paul Keung - CIBC World Markets:  So there is definitely a continued uptick here into the summer months? 
Dara Khosrowshahi:  You know, again, I don't want to comment on the summer months. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Douglas Anmuth - Lehman Brothers. 
 Douglas Anmuth - Lehman Brothers: You had a strong free cash flow benefit in the quarter from merchant bookings, as you would expect in 1Q, but my question is as you are renegotiating the hotel agreements going forward, particularly with the four large chains, how much of an issue is the timing of payments to suppliers in these discussions? Also, can you provide us with an update on your GDS diversification, specifically in the US? Thank you. 
Michael Adler:  In general, we are paying our suppliers a bit faster and we do expect some compression during the year. In general, we don't find it to be a major issue during renegotiations. There are always lots of puts and takes, but on an overall basis, we are pretty comfortable on where we are coming out. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: On the GDS diversification in the US we don't give out data on whom we are sending segments to, but suffice it to say that we are doing business both with Worldspan and Saber and at least for the near term, we don't expect that to change. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Peck - Bear Stearns. 
 Robert Peck - Bear Stearns: Barry, I was wondering if you could comment, we just came of the Liberty call and one of the things Greg talked about was he thought the OTA space right now was sort of ripe for some horizontal mergers, acquisitions, what have you. I was wondering if you have any sort of comment or color on that? 
 Barry Diller :  Well, I think the world is ripe for, to say the least, for acquisitions and consolidations and things like that. We have some opportunities, we think, in front of us. We are in various kinds of discussion at all times with different people, but there is nothing to talk about at this point. There is nothing we would talk about in terms of speculation, it is just pointless. 
 Robert Peck - Bear Stearns: You have about 20 million shares, I think of outstanding authorization you could buy back. Yet since the tender, I don't think you have bought any more back. Was there anything that would have hampered any continued share buyback after the tender? 
 Barry Diller :  Well, it is not a question of being hampered. As you know, we bought back 30 million shares at the beginning of the year, so it is not like we have been shy in this area. We buy opportunistically and we don't talk about it, except in the past tense. So I wouldn't want to speak to it other than when we do something, we, of course, then will report it. Our intention is, of course we are net buyers of the stock of the company and we will continue to be. But again, our policy is just not to talk about it. 
Operator: Your final question comes from Michael Millman - Soleil Securities. 
 Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Could you talk about particularly the US online travel market? To what extent does the growth being absorbed by suppliers and that the OTAs are basically trading share by increasing/decreasing their marketing spend? 
Dara Khosrowshahi:  Sure, Michael. It is a bit early for us and we don't have, say, complete intelligence as to how the other OTAs are doing, but I think that in general the public tends to underestimate the OTA channel. If you look at last year, I think the OTA channel grew faster than expectations and I think the OTA channel in general is a healthy and, I would expect, growing segment of the online travel marketplace.  I think online travel is a terrific product. I think suppliers are getting smarter about how to market their wares online. I think that most smart suppliers are coming to the realization that it is smart to have a direct channel and it is smart to have third-party channels, including OTAs.  So I have not seen real competitor, call it, results in Q1, but I can tell you from our own standpoint that we think that our OTAs in the US are strong entities and can provide for continued growth for some time to come. We are pretty happy with the early signs that we are seeing this year, knowing that it is very, very early and there is a lot more to come and that is always going to be a competitive marketplace. You know, in a month, maybe we will have better intelligence, but right now that is about all I can tell you. 
 Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Could you talk about eLong? You have changed management recently, it suggests that you are not happy. What are you looking for there? What would the change hope to accomplish? 
Dara Khosrowshahi:  Well, I think that with eLong, everything is relative, right? We are in China. It is a huge and growing marketplace and we expect eLong to be a very important part of our operations in three, five, ten years which is the long-term nature of our view of China as a market and eLong as an opportunity.  We don't think that eLong has performed as well as it could have. Despite all that, it just tells me how strong China is that eLong has actually been growing its room nights, its air tickets at a decent rate. We just think that operationally on the ground, we could be doing better in China. We have Henrik Kjellberg who was one of our top performers in the European markets, who has moved himself and his family to Hong Kong and is now interim CEO of eLong and is very much focused on those operations, because to the extent that we start firing on some or most of our cylinders there, I think we can do pretty well.  It is a company that we are committed to. It is a market that we are committed to and I am confident that we can see better results going forward.  I think that's it for questions. Thank you very much for joining us. A special thanks to our employees for getting the year off to what I think was a very solid start. Thank you. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :

===== 2006 Q4  (2007-02-15 11:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Stu Haas  Vice President of Investor Relations   Barry Diller - Chairman & CEO, InterActive Corp.   Dara Khosrowshahi  CEO, Expedia Inc.   Michael Adler - CFO 
Analysts: Robert Peck - Bear Stearns   Doug Anmuth - Lehman Brothers   Paul King  CIBC World Markets   Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs   Christopher Gutek - Morgan Stanley   Michael Millman - Soleil Securities Group   Scott Devitt  Stifel Nicolaus   Mark Mahaney  Citigroup   Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray   Imran Khan  J.P. Morgan   Scott Kessler  Standard & Poors 
Operator: Welcome to the Expedia, Inc. fourth quarter 2006 conference call. During todays presentation all parties will be on a listen only mode. Following the presentation the conference will be opened for questions. If you have a question please press the * key followed by the number 1 on your touch tone phone. If you would like to withdraw your question, press the * key followed by the 2. We do ask that if youre on a speaker phone that you lift up the handset before making your selection. This conference call is correct to today, February 15, 2007. I would like to turn the conference over now to Stu Haas, VP of investor relations. Please go ahead, Sir. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
Stu Haas: Good morning and welcome to Expedia Inc.s financial results conference call for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2006. Joining me on todays call are Barry Diller, Expedias chairman and senior executive, Dara Khosrowshahi, our CEO, and Michael Adler, our CFO.  The following discussion including responses to your questions reflects managements views as of today February 15, 2007 only. As always, some of the statements made on todays call are forward looking including our comments on financial expectations, operational performance and margins, planned investments and spending, platform improvements, systems upgrades, growth of business lines, financial performance and dilution. Actual results may differ materially. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information to reflect future events or circumstances.  Please refer to todays press release and the companys filings with the SEC, including our form 10K for the year ended December 31 2005, and our subsequent 10Q filings for additional information about factors that could potentially affect our financial and operational results.  During this call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures including OIBA, operating expenses excluding stock-based compensation, free cash flow, adjusted net income and adjusted EPS. In our press release, which is posted on the companys IR web site at Expediainc.com/IR you will find additional disclosures regarding these non GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with the most comparable GAAP measures.  We encourage you to review the section entitled Basis of Presentation in todays earnings release for more details of how were presenting results for full year 2005. Finally, unless otherwise stated in this call all references to gross margin, selling and marketing expense, general administrative expense and technology and content expense exclude stock-based compensation and all comparisons will be against our results for the comparable period of 2005. And with that, let me turn the call over to Dara. 
 Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Stu and thank you to everyone for making the time to join us on the call. As most of you know during 2006 we celebrated Expedia.coms 10th anniversary and while we take pride in our progress were very much focused on the next decade for Expedia, Inc. As such our senior management team recently developed a new mission statement for the company which is: Expedia gets the world going by building the worlds largest and most intelligent marketplace.  This statement reflects our fundamental role in facilitating travel, whether for business or for pleaseure, as well our commitment to providing travelers with the very best resources to serve their travel needs.  In doing so weve leveraged Expedia critical assets: Our global reach, our brand portfolio, our leading technology and the breadth of our product offering. And we take advantage of a growing base of knowledge about our destinations, suppliers and travelers based on the unique position that we maintain in the value chain. I dont want to say too much about tactics at this time, but we look forward to shedding more light on our implementation in the years to come.  Moving to results, 2006 was a year of progress at Expedia. We generated over $17 billion in gross bookings and $525 million in free cash flow . We launched four new Expedia branded web sites. Three in Scandinavia, and one in Japan and were excited about leveraging our existing technology and supply infrastructure to launch India in 2007.  Hotels.com more than tripled its worldwide annual growth rate to 20%, reaching $2.3 billion in bookings. And ECT grew annual booking 45% to over $1 billion and posted its first full year of operating profitability. Our partner services group made huge strides on the supply side of the house. Signing our extending partnerships with Hyatt, Kempton, Louve, Joie de Vivre, Accor, in hotel; Enterprise, Dollar, Thrifty, and Vanguard in car, and Continental U.S Air, United and AirTran on the air side.  And we successfully diversified our GDS business to include Amadeus and Sabre. Lastly the team continued to execute in early 07 with recently signed agreements with Frontier Airlines, Hertz and Shangri-La Hotels and Resorts.  We demonstrated our ongoing dedication to long term shareholder returns in 06 by efficiently managing dilution keeping net equity awards to less than 1% of outstanding shares. We completed a first debt offering and put in place share repurchases for nearly 15% of our outstanding shares. And we have an additional 20 million share repurchase authorization remaining.  That said, 2006 was not without its challenges and were certainly not happy about delivering negative OIBA growth for the year. But I think its fair to say that after a rough start we stemmed the tide to continue growth in our international and merchant hotel businesses, expense control, and stabilized revenue margins. These developments enabled us to end the year on a more positive note with 10% operating income before amortization growth and a slight reacceleration in transaction, bookings, and revenue growth in Q4.  As a result we delivered on our original expectation from a year ago, a positive OIBA growth in the second half of the year and we came in at the high end of the full year OIBA range that we articulated with our beginning Q2 call. Shrinking OIBA is simply not acceptable but I am pleased by our ability to deliver results more in keeping with expectations on the last few earnings calls.  We still have room to go on this front but the improvements weve made combined with the progress on stabilizing operating profitability, strength in our confidence that absents some dramatically adverse outcome in our remaining air discussions, we remain on a path for OIBA growth in 2007 and beyond.  Our first priority in 2007 is turning the ship around at Expedia.com. As we anticipated Q4 was not much improved from Q3 for Expedia.com but we have made progress on several fronts aimed at reigniting momentum in 2007. Weve launched a new home page design and while its too early to gauge the impact of the redesign, the initial trial indicates that the simplified layout is more relevant and appealing, easier for users to navigate and encourages broader exploration versus just spear fishing. I encourage you to take a look and to let us know what you think.  Further results from our ThankYou rewards program are also very encouraging. Were very happy with consumer adoption of the program which with more than 200 000 enrolments in three months is ahead of our expectations. While we dont anticipate that ThankYou will have a significant impact on overall result in the near term, were closely analysing member behavior to optimize the program.  Were also looking forward to launching a co-branded credit card later this year to provide travelers with even more ways to earn loyalty rewards with Expedia as well as marketing efforts from City aimed at their existing ten million ThankYou members.  On the traffic side of things our private label and co-branded businesses had some nice wins recently. Expedia is now the exclusive travel booking engine for the NewYork Times.com and for Sams Club. While we continue to see very significant year on year declines from MSN we remain focused on trying to counteract that trend with new sources of traffic much like these two partnerships. And as get into Q2 well begin to lap the downdraft of traffic from MSN.  Im also very pleased to say that were in the final stages of readying our 2007 branding campaign which will launch by the end of this month. As always travelers will be the final judges but I like what our team has come up with to answer the question, Why Expedia? when it comes to booking travel. We will also do a much better job this year of integrating our various marketing touch points for customers from our websites to our e-mail campaigns to our broad based media campaigns on T.V, Print, and Radio. We believe these initiatives, in concert with several others we expect to roll out during the year have the potential to reignite the top line growth at Expedia.com in 2007.  While we continue to face challenges at Expedia.com, were happy with the progress in other parts of our business. Our international points of sale continue to execute well and grow at healthy rates. We saw particular strength in Europe including Germany, Italy, and Hotels.com in Europe, each of which posted over 50% gross bookings growth in Q4.  ECT had another solid quarter with worldwide bookings growth of 30% for the quarter and continue to build on its impressive growth with record new client additions in Q4. We expect to see continued global expansion from ECT in 2007. TripAdvisor continues to aggressively enrich their content and functionality with video uploads to travel reviews as well as a save-it-and-go personalization feature which allows users to file content into their personal my trips folder for easy reference and access.  Just as important as these innovations on trip advisor sites, are our efforts to better leverage its content across our brand portfolio. Visitors to our Expedia.ca site in Canada and our Speedy.com.au in Australia can now find trip advisors attraction and destination content in a new destinations tab.  Where they can add and edit inside pages content for functionality which is then published both on TripAdvisor and Expedia sites. This has been a terrific test bet for us, and we look forward to leveraging this valuable content across other sites, including Expedia.com  Lastly, an update on Hotwire. 2006 was an especially difficult year for Hotwire in light of merchant error challenges. Despite this management had strongly executed by diversifying its revenue base to hotel and car, pursuing partnerships to expand the top line and also delivering a world class experience to their travelers as evidenced by the J.D. Powers and Associates number one ranking for highest customer satisfaction for independent travel websites.  Hotwire also watched its travel ticker service including a bi-weekly e-mail to more than ten million subscribers, which now features exclusive travel deals that are geo-targeted based upon the recipients location.  As a result of this perseverance and an easier comp against last year Q4 when we first started to face air challenges, Hotwire generated its first quarter of positive revenue growth in five quarters.  Let me turn to supply and update everyone on where things stand. While the air environment remains challenging, we saw glimmers of light in Q4. Air revenues declined at a slower rate and we saw positive growth and air tickets sold for the first time in three quarters.  We remain in discussions with several airlines and while we look forward to bringing these discussions to close, our philosophy with regards to these discussions has not and will not change.  Were focused on optimizing the business for the long run and were prepared to make sacrifices in the short-term to that end. Based on what we know today, we expect to see another step down in revenue per ticket in 2007 similar to what we saw in 06 as we absorb a full year of revised GDS and airline economics.  We expect the step-down to be weighted towards the first half of the year as will fit easier comp in the second half. And we remain cautiously optimistic that 2008 will bring more flash comparisons as it relates to the non-booking sea portion of our agency air revenues.  On the hotel front weve begun renewal discussions with our major hotel partners whose contracts expire in 07. We continue to believe that our current economics with hoteliers appropriately reflect the value we deliver, but its too early to predict the outcome of the renewals at this time. We hope to provide more colors as we put deals to bet in quarters to come.  And real briefly on the technology front, as it relates to platform re-design, we remain on track to begin migrating on to our new platform over the next few months. And weve improved our migration strategy rather than move in higher points of sale over time we plan to take more practical approach and prioritize the migration of those pages across our points of sale that will most benefit from the enhanced technology.  Our enterprise data warehouse successfully launched in Q4 with an initial focus in the accounting and socks testing areas. We will shortly begin using the system to harness our customer data, to enable significant improvements in terms of personalization, merchandizing and segmented marketing. We expect to make progress on this front through 2007 and 2008.  In closing, Q4 was another solid quarter for Expedia, Inc., in which our international business as well as Hotels.com, TripAdvisor, ECT and Hotwire all executed well. As we look forward we will focus our efforts on building our brands globally, with a heightened emphasis on returning Expedia.com to positive growth.  We dont expect to achieve this growth through quick fixes, but we certainly need progress and we look forward to continued momentum in 2007. Mike? 
Michael Adler: Great. Thanks, Dara. Good morning everyone. Id like to provide you with a review of our results and close with our financial expectations for 2007.  Let me begin with gross bookings. Worldwide gross bookings were up 9% for the quarter on 3% transaction growth. Our domestic gross bookings growth of 1% continue to lag mainly due to continued weakness at Expedia.com and the deceleration at Hotels.com as they anniversaried a high growth quarter.  We also experienced slower domestic growth at ECT due to soft client additions in early 06 on top of tighter travel spend on US corporate clients toward the end of the year. Our international businesses continue to accelerate in Q4, posting 34% growth in gross bookings, or 27% - excluding the impact of foreign exchange.  Europe was particularly strong in both leisure and corporate representing over 70% of the international bookings growth. From a product standpoint, we were happy to see worldwide airline ticket growth return to positive levels in the quarter, including a five percent increase in agency tickets sold as we benefited from increased content and less rapid growth in airfares.  Our merchant hotel business continues to be a significant driver of overall revenue growth, more than off-setting the declines weve seen in air revenues. While (inaudible) might grow slow in Q4, total merchant hotel revenue growth accelerated to 15% on the strength of higher ADRs.  On the packages front, we saw some slight improvement in Q4 with revenue up 1%. As we mentioned in our last call, we did make some pricing changes that reduced the negative impact on profitability without degrading the top line.  Despite these efforts, we were not able to off-set the industry wide pressure on domestic package volumes resulting from diminished availability of merchant air. While packages were soft throughout 06, I think its important to note, this dynamic has primarily been driven by the domestic market.  Our international package bookings accelerated throughout the year, growing more than 40% in Q4. While international is smaller than our domestic packages, it is growing rapidly and we are beginning to see it have an impact in off-setting some of the current decline in the domestic packaging business.  Worldwide revenue margins declined 16 basis points to 14.4%, with domestic margin flat at 14% and international margin down approximately 100 basis points to 15.5%. The largest driver of decline remains the decrease in the air margins due to lower revenue per ticket and higher airfares.  The good news is that we continue to see an increasing mix of higher margin merchant hotel business, which partially off-sets the impact of air margin declines.  Hotel raw margin declined approximately 30 basis points in Q4. Consistent with our expectation of more favorable comps in late 06 as we completed lower margin hotel deals struck in late 05.  While its a bit pre-mature to predict the next round of hotel negotiations, we do expect that any raw margin degradation we may experience in 2007 will be less than the 100 basis points we experienced in full 2006. And that impact felt would be greater in the second half of 07.  Turning back to the PL, gross margins declined 31 basis points in Q4 despite an increased mix of merchant hotel revenue, due to the insourcing of certain high touch traveler care activities as well as cost associated with implementing our GDS diversification effort.  Sales and marketing expense grew 8%, slightly ahead of revenue growth, primarily reflecting an increased investment in our partner services group and the expansions of our ECT in destinations and services sales forces.  Our direct sales and marketing costs grew just 2%. In 2007 we expect the absolute amount of selling and marketing expense to increase, driven in part by increased brand advertising for Expedia.com.  The extent of leverage of de-leverage we see will depend on our ability to drive efficiencies across our various marketing programs, as well as the product and geographic mix of our business.  General and administrative expense increased 4% primarily reflecting increased legal fees. Technology and content expense was down 2% and remains fairly stable in absolute dollar terms throughout the year.  It is important to note the bulk of our 06 software development expenditures had not been placed in this service by the end of Q4. So we expect this expense to increase in earnest in Q1 and throughout 07 and we expect even greater de-leverage from technology and content in 07 than we saw in full year 06.  As a reminder, the operating expenses just discussed exclude stock based compensation. Cut-backs in the fourth quarter were $25 million, bringing full year cut backs to $93 million. In addition to our spending on re-platforming, and our enterprise data warehouse, we invested in a number of technologies to analyze site activity, improve long term conversion, and bolster our call center and network infrastructure.  On the bottom line, we delivered, Q4 OIBA of $146 million, up 10%, reflecting 7% gross profit growth, and leverage in G&A and technology and content. Full year 06 OIBA was down 5% on gross bookings growth at 10% and revenue growth of 6% reflecting 59 basis points of lower revenue margin and higher operating expense.  Our business generated $525 million of free cash flow in 06 compared to $807 million in 05. The decrease was primarily due to higher cash taxes in CapEx, less working capital benefit as we increased the efficiency of our supplier payment process, and lower OIBA and interest income.  As described in the release we have reclassified the effect of exchange rate changes on our cash balances from cash from operations to effective exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents. This has the effect of reducing cash flow from operations, but I want to emphasize that there is no impact on our actual cash balances due to the re-class.  Ill close with our expectations for full year 2007. Absent something dramatically different from our current expectations on the air side, we expect to return to positive single digit OIBA growth in 2007, with revenue margins declining year on year, albeit at a slower rate than what we experienced in 2006.  While we dont provide specific entry year expectations, we do expect to see more flattish growth in the first half of 07 than in the second half. Q2 will be a particularly tough comp do to our strong OIBA growth last year, and higher relative marketing expenses in Q2 07, as were starting our brand spend later this year.  As a reminder, last year we turned our brand spending down in Q2. Were optimistic that we wont have to take such action this year. In addition, we delayed some marketing spend in Europe in Q2, in anticipation of the World Cup, which we wont have to do this year.  We should see faster growth in the second half of 07 as we anniversary the tougher air revenue environment from second half 06, gain more benefit from marketing investment as we move through the year, and see the anticipated growth improvements on the Expedia.com front.  I also want to make you aware that our expectations for 2007 assume foreign exchange rates remain where they have been recently. Last quarter we mentioned that CapEx in 2007 will be higher than in 2006, we currently expect CapEx to increase 5-15% in 07, reflecting continued investments in our infrastructure initiatives.  I also want to emphasize that while we will begin leveraging our new platform in enterprise data warehouse in 07, the financial expectations I just outlined assume no material financial impact form these initiatives.  Lastly, we expect a modest decline in free cash flow due to higher CapEx, some additional compression from working capital, and higher tax related cash payments.  I want to thank everyone for your time today, and continued interest in Expedia. Ill now turn the call over to Barry for some closing thoughts ahead of Q&A. 
Barry Diller: Thank you, and good morning to everybody.  I think you all know that companies have cycles. Thankfully weve passed through the third cycle in Expedias relatively short history.  The first, was the takeoff, and for Expedia, was explosive, great growth for its businesses, and of course in its evaluations.  The second was the result of having built up the business very quickly, with this tremendous work output by everybody, which is impossible to sustain of course. And of course then with thoughts of turning the results into equity gains from selling the business added to that.  Invariably, what this does is take the focus off the business at exactly the time competition grows, and unfortunately for Expedia, this resulted in a lack of investment in both infrastructure and technology.  The third phase, which weve been experiencing over the last year and a half, has been forthrightly and often painfully dealing with all these issues. These issues required investment retooling and a reinvigoration of the entire enterprise.  I believe that Dara and Paul Brown and Dermot Halpin in Europe and their teams have been making the difficult decisions that have been involved with this reinvention of Expedia. And I think that theyre now ready to enter Expedias fourth cycle, sustainable growth, over a long period of time.  For me, its been very frustrating to watch the level of investment behind the scenes thats going to position the company for the future. Investments cant be seen on the outside yet, but throughout the course of 07, we do anticipate that these will be the engine thrusts of really good performance.  For now, look to our newly designed homepage, the enthusiastic response to our loyalty efforts, which weve just begun, and I think that these are a prelude to a lot of developments that are going to take place throughout the balance of the year.  And now I think we go to questions, so Stu, do you want to prompt that? 
Stu Haas: Absolutely, thanks Barry.  Lets move on to the Q&A portion of the call with Barry, Dara, and Mike. As a reminder, please limit yourself to one or two questions, so we can fit more questioners into the call today.  Operator, would you please remind our listeners how to ask a question. 
Operator: Thank you, Ladies and Gentleman, at this time we will begin the question and answer session. Just a reminder, if you have a question, please press the * key followed by the 1 on your touchtone phone.  If you would like to withdraw your question, press the * key followed by the 2. We do ask that if youre on a speaker phone that you please lift up the handset before making your selection.  And our first question comes from Robert Peck at Bear Stearns, please go ahead. 
Robert Peck - Bear Stearns: Hey guys, congratulations, strong quarter.  I just wanted to dig to a couple of the details here. First of all, could you comment a little bit on hotels.com and it seems its growth decelerated to about 12% from sort of the 20% levels. Could you talk about whats going on there? And sort of bigger picture, how can you accelerate domestic growth? Can you maybe provide a little more color on whats causing some of the pressure? I just have a follow up. 
 Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure Bob, just on hotels.com, as far as the growth goes, really, the growth that we saw this year, and it was great growth domestically, had two significant factors associated with it.  One was the marketing campaign, the expert marketing campaign and the improved homepage design. And the second was the plugging in of hotels.com into the common supply infrastructure that we built, into the PFG group that we built.  The plugging in into the new supply got hotels.com much better inventory, better quality inventory, some hotel chains that in the past had not done business with hotels.com. And if you look at the growth rate, and year on year growth rates, once you lap that benefit, once you lap that plugging in, into the new supply, and once you lap call it an entirely new website, growth becomes a little more difficult to come by.  If you look at last year, really the reacceleration of hotels.com started happening in Q4 of last year. Were lapping those comps right now, so growth going forward is going to be a little harder to come by, but we think that the team over there is very much focused on it. And we think whats important is that over the long term they can build a brand that thrives, a brand that keeps growing, a brand that amongst consumers if theyre just looking for a hotel. And we think that theyre certainly up for that. 
Robert Peck - Bear Stearns: Ok, just really quickly as a follow up, during the quarter there was some news flow as American and Delta and supply. Could you just comment a little bit on what exactly was going on there in your accessed inventory? 
 Dara Khosrowshahi: Yea, I dont want to comment to much on, call it individual relationships with suppliers. Those issues had more to do with connectivity, and specifically our connectivity to those suppliers through Worldspan than specific issues having to do with those suppliers.  That said we are in discussion with those suppliers, with both American and Delta about a hopefully long term arrangement with them. And hopefully we can come to a solution that everyone is happy with. 
Robert Peck - Bear Stearns: Thanks Dara. 
 Dara Khosrowshahi: You bet. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next comes from Doug Anmuth with Lehman Brothers, please go ahead. 
Doug Anmuth - Lehman Brothers: Thank you.  Michael you mentioned a couple of things that are going to weigh on free cash flow a little bit in 2007 in terms of CapEx and the changes in working capital and the taxes. Could you just provide a little more detail on those? And Im specifically focused on the changes in working capital with suppliers, and how we should think about that, not just in 07, but a little bit further, going out a few years.  And sort of beyond that, is it generally fair to think that free cash should sort of trend with OBIA? Do you expect to have sort-of further pressures there on working capital?  Thank you. 
 Dara Khosrowshahi: Yeah, I think over the long run we would absently expect our free cash flow to, you know, trend with OBIA and the earnings of the business. What we experienced in '06 was a compression in the amount of time that we take to pay our suppliers.  We've made significant investments in '06 in improving our infrastructure and taking costs out on the payment-transaction side. That is allowing us, really, to pay our suppliers at the terms which we've agreed to. We're certainly not paying anyone faster than we have to, but we have ended up with lower costs and really better supplier relationships by the investments that we have made.  On the cash taxes side, we were a partial cash taxpayer in '06, and expect to be a full cash taxpayer in '07, absent the discrete items which always occur. And so with that expectation, we do expect to see some pressure next year.  We also have a payment that we'll be making to Microsoft next year under an historical tax-sharing agreement of approximately $30 million, and that will certainly weigh on free cash flow next year, but will not have any impact on go-forward rates.  With respect to CapEx, we expect in '07 to see a much smaller increase than what we experienced in '06. We are investing in our infrastructure. At the same time, we're working as hard as we can to make sure that we don't spend $1 that we don't need to spend. And over time, that CapEx growth rate will return to be much more consistent with earnings. 
Stu Haas: And Doug, just to clarify, this is Stu, that $30 million will be in 2007. 
Doug Anmuth - Lehman Brothers: And how does that $30 million... Is that showing up on the income statement? 
 Dara Khosrowshahi: That will not show up on the income statement, but it will be a cash outflow on the cash flow, and it will occur at the end of '07. 
Doug Anmuth - Lehman Brothers: Okay, thank you. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: And, Doug, just on the working-capital side, it's Dara, I just want to stress that the working-capital cycles to some extent have compressed. It is because of our activity and very specific work that we've done, and really upgrading the table of operations of the company.  It's work that has taken place over the past two years. It is great work, done by the executive team here, and it's part of our overall efforts at the partner-services group, which just work much more closely with our suppliers, and make sure that we take great care of them. 
Doug Anmuth - Lehman Brothers: Okay, great, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Paul King with the CIBC World Markets. Please go ahead. 
Paul King  CIBC World Markets: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. So I have a couple of clarification questions on two things that I think Dara and Mike mentioned in their prepared remarks.  You'd mentioned that, on the booking fee, you're confident in achieving comparisons in '08 on a non-booking fee portion. So you noticed you left out the booking portion. I was curious how you feel about that long-term?  And then the other comment was that the lower margin you mentioned in degradation would likely be second half, not the first half, and does that suggest that there's still hotel contracts out there that above market as you enter the second half of '07? 
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yeah, I think on the fee, Paul, we don't anticipate the fee changing significantly over the short term or the long term. That said we are experimenting with it. And one of the real benefits for us as a company is that we're on different platforms, but Expedia especially is on one global platform. And we can experiment with these kinds of aspects of our business, and really test consumer sensitivity to pricing, to fees, etc.  And to the extent that we're going to test that, we're not going to do it in the US, where the consequences of testing are much more public, and also, we're talking with bigger dollars. We have in smaller countries. And typically we're doing a lot of our testing in Europe right now. So, we have been doing some experimenting in Europe on booking fees.  The results have been very interesting, and in some cases our tests with booking fees have resulted in pretty good volumes in Europe, in certain countries. So, we don't want to. We're not sure where we're going to go long-term as a company. But it's just a real advantage for us to be able to work this way, and experiment across the company, and ultimately to share best practices.  Something else, for example, that I didn't mention, on the new home pages on Expedia.com, is that the three-column layout that you see on Expedia.com was actually a layout that was originally introduced in the UK.  We introduced that layout, it was very new, other travel websites just don't look like that, and it worked well in the UK. We're rolling it across Europe. The Expedia.com guys in the US decided to use that layout, and early indications are positive. So it's a great strength of the company to be able to experiment there.  Mike, you want to talk on raw margin? 
 Michael Adler : Yeah. On raw margin, as Dara indicated, we are in the process of re-negotiating a number of hotel contracts. That will potentially impact '07 results. But we think that the value proposition that we are offering and delivering to our hotel partners is sort-of set at the right economics at this time.  However, we can't predict the outcome of the negotiations. So the point is, if there is any impact on raw margin, we would expect to see it later in the year versus the first half. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: That said, we feel pretty good about where our negotiations, how they're going with our hotel partners. 
Paul King  CIBC World Markets: Okay, great, thank you. Helpful. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: You bet. 
Operator: Thanks. Your next question comes from Anthony Noto with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: Thank you very much. Dara, I was wondering if you could you give us a sense, or Mike, what the net revenue rate would have been relative to a year ago without any change in advertising revenue?  And then, I'm not sure if you'll share this with us, but what percentage of your hotel contracts have been renewed in the last 12 months, to give us a sense for how much more there is to go there?  And I think that you mentioned that Hotwire's air revenue increased by 1%? I didn't know if you had a perspective on the hotel business there. Thanks. 
 Michael Adler : Anthony, on the raw margins for the media side, it is helping us. I think that it's...my guess is around 20 basis points delta, maybe a little bit less than that, as far as the fact of that business. And it's pretty simple, which is that the advertising business in general is growing faster, call it, than the transactional business. It is close to 100%, call it revenue margin if you want to define it as that. So, that business growing faster helps their overall revenue margins.  That said, there are a lot of puts and takes here, Anthony. For example, the faster our corporate business grows, because that tends to have a lower raw margin than the rest of our business. It has a smaller merchant hotel portion. The faster our corporate business grows, the lower our raw margins go. So there are a lot of puts and takes; the media business definitely helps.  What was the second question? 
Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: Hotel contracts have been renewed in the last twelve months: what percentage? 
 Michael Adler : We have a number... I'm not going to give you a percentage, but I'll give you an idea. Which is, we do have a number of our larger hotel contracts coming up this year, the big chain contracts. And you've seen some of the results: we saw Shangri-La, etc. Hopefully we'll come up with some pretty good news in the near term on more contracts. So we feel pretty good about it.  That said, our relationships with independents are, on an annual basiswe're renewing these contracts with our independents as well. So renewals are going on every day at this company. Okay? 
Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: Okay, great, thank you. 
 Michael Adler : You bet. 
Operator: And your next question comes from Chris Gutek with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Christopher Gutek - Morgan Stanley: Thanks good morning. A couple of questions.  Given the changes in ownership among some of the competitors, specifically more private equity ownership, that would seem to imply the potential for further consolidation in the online travel business.  And Im curious, especially in the context of your last call where you suggested you didnt have any interest in owning a GDS. If you wouldnt mind sharing your updated thoughts for the potential for further consolidation and Expedias potential to participate in that? 
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, I mean the movement that weve seen, at least in the travel distribution front, really dont have much to do with consolidation they have to do more with recapitalization.  We view it as a positive in that there is some very smart money that is coming in and making long term investments in the travel distribution sector, so we think that certainly is an encouraging sign with our buybacks and taking in 15% of our own equity, you can see that we share in that believe, which is long term that the travel distribution sector is going to grow and we bring a ton of value into the equation. So from that standpoint it's interesting and encouraging.  I think what remains to be seen is what effect the private equity activity is going to have on the actual operations of the businesses that have gone private. You know, on the one hand it could be distraction for management. You know, not knowing whether you're public or private or who your owners are going to be. So that could be a positive relative to us.  On the other hand, you have management much more focused on running the business rather than the fund that (inaudible) having on these quarterly calls. So that could be a relative negative. You know, all that said, I think we're counting on hefty competition going forward and we're very much focused on growing our business and continuing to expand globally. 
Christopher Gutek - Morgan Stanley: And a follow up on the first question you guys had. If you look at the domestic gross booking growth trend, it's decelerated for six straight quarters. I would presume that if you strip out the corporate travel business, a quarter domestic leader businesses is actually shrinking a little bit. And I know that you don't want to give specific guidance but when you look at the next couple of quarters, is there reason to believe or be optimistic that that will actually be positive growth in the next couple of quarters in the core domestic leisure business for gross booking's growth? 
Dara Khosrowshahi: Well, you know if we do our job then there is reason to be optimistic. I mean, I don't mean to be flip (inaudible) on that. I think we've demonstrated with Hotels.com that we could turn around a good brand and make it a great brand.  And with Expedia.com I think that we are essentially working the same play book. Its about improving the user experience and customer service first of all. Getting better supply, which I think we're working on. AirTran is back in our market place which is great. We just signed a deal with Frontier as well.  We've always talked about loyalty as being a potentially interesting factor in these. And we've launched a thank you program which is, we think, much better than your average loyalty program. And then improvements on marketing technology we think are going to yield results.  So we internally have reason to be optimistic but we know that we have a lot to prove to you guys. 
Christopher Gutek - Morgan Stanley: Thanks, Dara. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Millman with Soleil Securities Group. Please go ahead. 
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities Group: Thank you. I guess a couple things as well as in line with your discussions about the improving of the site, can you talk about what your trip planning, trip experience initiatives have shown?  Also on your Hotels.com you said 50% European growth. Can you talk about whether that's directly comparable to the kind of things that Priceline is doing or is it still with PierOne? And then I have just a quick sort of house keeping question. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: Michael, what was at the end of your question on Hotels.com, you said "is it comparable" and then you said something I didn't get. 
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities Group: Okay, Priceline has been showing these 100% growth rates. A lot of that having to do with, as you well know, second tier hotels. So I was wondering if your Hotels.com growth is {inaudible} (3:41) in first tier, second tier... 
Dara Khosrowshahi: I see, let me take your first question on the trip planning, trip experience. I think it's too soon to tell for us. If you look at the new site, it does create the impetus for our travelers to experiment, to explore a bit more which something that we're encouraging.  One, because its a good experience for the travelers. It encourages them to come to Expedia much earlier in their planning process rather than call it when they decided whether they're going to go and buy.  And in general, our investment in content, our investment in TripAdvisor, and we think our continued investment in the content and media space are going to be designed and moving upwards in the traveler consideration, so to speak. So we're optimistic about it. But I think it's too early for me to give you specific results.  On Hotels.com, the business is obviously growing in the EU nicely but we are still behind the kind of growth rates that Priceline has put up there. And we don't know exactly what the distribution of their growth is as far as in, call it, primary and secondary cities.  We do believe that we have a greater concentration in larger tourist destinations in the continentThe type of destinations where you got international travelers going at the percentage of our business overall.  So we think that the secondary cities are a real opportunity. We obviously haven't solved that opportunity and we haven't, call it, penetrated those secondary cities the way that Priceline has. And we have the management team in Europe who is more than competent, who is very much focused on what Priceline is doing and is focused on catching up to those guys. 
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities Group: Okay, and a quick question. You show $46 million revenue, non-transaction. Should we assume that that's advertising and/or TripAdvisor? Or is it something else? 
Michael Adler: Sorry Michael. Can you repeat the dollar amount? Just not sure where you came up with that. 
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities Group: I subtracted your transaction revenue, the domestic and international revenue from your total $531 million revenue. 
Michael Adler: Those should add. Domestic revenue was $368 million for the quarter and international was $164 million. But is there something maybe at the core of your question around advertising we could perhaps address? 
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities Group: Well I guess I was looking for how much advertisingand what the revenues for advertising are? And what the revenue is for trip advisor work? 
Michael Adler: Now that's not something we're going to get into a tremendous amount of detail on. I would just reiterate what Dara said earlier around the year on year change in revenue margin would have been a little less than 20 basis points more had we not had the benefit of that advertising.  Can we have the next question please, Operator? 
Operator: And your next question comes from Scott Devitt with Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead. 
 Scott Devitt  Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you. As I look at Priceline, TravelPort, and Travelocity over the past 18 months, it seems like Expedia has been losing share to competitors over that time horizon. I was wondering if you could talk about your longer term ambitions and strategy in terms of market share versus cash flow maximization in specifically 2007 and 2008? Thanks. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think you have to balance both share and cash flow maximization. You know, in the end, and I'd say in the final say, we are focused on cash flow maximization. However we are keenly aware that that share has a ton to do with the long term prospect of the company so it's a trade off that you do look at and we're certainly not happy about losing share to our competition.  You know, that said, the majority of our share loss has been domestic. I think international we certainly have Priceline that's growing very very quickly but compared to basically all the other competition out there in the international market places, we're growing very well. We're executing very well. We're starting to make significant investments in the Asian-Pacific region which aren't going to return, call it, big share dollars early on but we think are the right long-term investments to make.  If you do look at the domestic business and whats going on there, I do want to point out that part of the domestic results are as a result of capital allocation decisions that we've made. We determined around a year and a half ago that we needed to make some very fundamental platform investments in the Expedia platform in order to position us to grow for the long term.  So to some extent we took capital that we might have been spending on marketing and we shifted that capital to spend in technology in infrastructure. That's the reason why you see the CapEx numbers for the company going up pretty significantly and to the extent that we were investing incremental doc (inaudible) marketing, we took most of those dollars off-shore. We took most of those dollars to the international markets. We took some of those dollars into the Asian-Pacific regions. We invested some of those dollars in the corporate business that we're very hopeful of. So we could have, if we wanted to operate Expedia.com domestically and see higher gross bookings growth and less share losses.  But we thought from a capital perspective, the decisions that we make are sound decisions. What you will see in 2007 and 2008 is a shift of incremental capital back into the Expedia.com brand. Youre going to see that in Q2 especially compared to what we saw last year which is why Mike was saying that Q2 was going to be incrementally more difficult from a bottom line standpoint.  So these are capital decisions that were making. Were not satisfied with our share results but they are the results of capital allocation decisions that we are making. 
 Scott Devitt  Stifel Nicolaus: And then separately, could you give us the cash tax rate of the business in 2006 and then what you expect it to be in 2007. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: The cash tax rate in 06 was in the mid to high 20s and we expect it to approach our A&I tax rate of 36-37% on a go forward basis. 
 Scott Devitt  Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you, and the next question comes from Mark Mahaney with Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
 Mark Mahaney - Citigroup : Thank you, two questions.  The transactions growth rate did moderately re-accelerate in the December quarter but I think its probably below where youd like it to be. Would you want to give us a range of where you think youd like to see sustainable transactions growth going forward?  And then secondly could you give us a quick a quick update on your options in China with eLong and any thoughts on what you want to do with that over the next 12 to 24 months? Thank you. 
 Dara Khosrowshahi : You bet, Mark. I dont think were going to comment on a long term sustainable transaction growth other than saying that were hopeful that it gets better from here.  As far as the eLong option in China, we do have an opportunity to buy in the balance of eLong. I dont think its something that were going to do in the short term. We think that eLong is very much a local business in China and we want to make sure that weve got local management who is very much (inaudible) on how they build that business and what they do from a day to day stand point. We think its a good thing and so we expect to remain where we are for the near term. 
 Mark Mahaney - Citigroup : Thank you. 
 Dara Khosrowshahi : You bet. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Aaron Kessler with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead. 
 Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray : Thank you. A couple of questions. Firstly, please give a sense of where your raw margins are internationally, and if you think that those are sustainable or those are going to have to come down over time similar to the U.S market?  Also I know on the pricing cap, merchant load factors are becoming more favorable on the airlines for them. Im not sure if thats just more the naming of their own price model or if youre seeing that as well in terms of load factors becoming more favorable to your model? Thank you. 
 Dara Khosrowshahi : Sure. Ill answer the second question first, as far as merchant load factors. Were seeing similar signs at Hotwire that I think Priceline referenced. Obviously we dont have a good view into their business but we did talk about how Q4 revenues at Hotwire improved and were certainly seeing early trends in 07 at Hotwire that are encouraging.  So I think youre getting to a point right now where airlines are continuing to try to push up price. There does seem to be some resistance from consumers out there and it remains to be seen how that plays out, but in that kind of an environment the opaque channel does become an incrementally more interesting channel and weve seen a bit of that. So well see how it goes. Were encouraged by the early results. Mike, do you want to talk about international margins? 
 Michael Adler : Yes. Over the long run we think that international margins at a higher level than domestic is sustainable and its due in large part to the increased level of fragmentation of the supply base internationally. At the same time, we will continue to experience pressure on air revenue per ticket margins and again that will be counteracted by the fragmentation of the supply. 
 Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray : Some of your competitors though, are offering closer to a mid-teen raw margin internationally. Is that going to be a competitor pressure or with your scale are you able to get a higher margin than that? 
 Michael Adler : Oh I think that Aaron, its a question of scale and also scope. So scale certainly has something to do with it in terms of the amount of business we can bring to our partners and the consistency of the demand that we can bring to bear. The other is the scope, in that we are a truly global market place.  As in any market place, the higher field the transaction, the more valuable that transaction is. A consumer traveling in the US from New York to Boston, to the extent that you can you think of a marketplacethat connection is going to be worth less than a consumer flying to Mumbai in India.  Our ability to connect consumers, not only locally but globally, makes us a bit of a different animal and it kind of enables us to offer a unique value proposition verses certainly travel companies that have been around in the past and most travel companies that you see now.  The global systems that we have are truly integrated. We have one partner supply group who is having discussions with her supply partners on behalf of the company on a global basis. It is a differentiator.  Great, Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Imran Khan with J.P. Morgan. 
Imran Khan  J.P. Morgan: Hi, thank you for taking my questions. Two questions.  Firstly, in terms of an international growth rate, I was wondering if you were saying a growth acceleration of every country or if any specific country is doing better than others?  Second, if we exclude the Microsoft MSN traffic lost year-over-year, can you give us some sense hows the traffic doing for Expedia and what are the conversion rates for Expedia traffic. Thank you. 
 Dara Khosrowshahi : On international, the results that we saw, the positive results, were pretty broad. So, Id say almost all those across Europe, we had good performance. I would single out Germany and Italy and the Hotels.com brand across Europe as being particularly strong the corporate business did quite nicely as well.  But the strength was fairly broad. You should also note that FX looked pretty good and that certainly helped. On the MSN side, I dont want to specifically comment on the size of MSN or the percentage of the whole. That said, it was material and if you look at the issues that were having as far as gross bookings right now, it has more to do on Expedia side with traffic more than with conversion.  So conversion rates are pretty stable. Were not having conversion problems. And with the ThankYou program and some of the other programs that we have in place, were actually hoping that we can move conversion up. Its really more about investment and marketing spend to get travelers, new consumers to a site and thats what were very much focused on for the balance of 07. 
Operator: Thank you. We have time for one final question and that question comes from Scott Kessler with Standard and Poors. 
Scott Kessler  Standard and Poors: Thanks a lot. Most of my questions have been asked and answered, but I did have two related to Europe. First of all, is there any way you could detail what percentage of your either overall revenues or your international revenues were derived from Europe?  And also, relative to that geography, can you talk about what you think the major drivers of your potential share gains will be say in 2007 for example? Thanks 
 Dara Khosrowshahi : You bet. I think that the vast majority of our international revenues were from Europe of any of our APEC businesses. Im getting a number 75% of our international revenues roughly being from Europe.  Asia Pacific revenues are obviously pretty small to start with, is half in scale, their, Australia, Japan, etc. have a fairly long way to go. As far as the drivers for Europe, its continued execution across the European territories. One thing that we are doing differently in Europe this year than we did last year, we are going to investing incrementally more brand money and some of the secondary territories.  We're going to be spending some branding money on the Hotels.com brand. We have started on that and it's too early to tell but the results seem to be promising. We are going to be putting some more branding money against the Expedia in France, and Expedia in Germany, and to some extent in Italy as well.  So, that may be part of again the bottom line pressure that you see in Q2 but we think that with the mix of, call it, tactical and more strategic branding moneys, we should be and we are investing in the Expedia and Hotels brand in the EU and we hope to see the returns of that investment in kind of quarters in years to come. 
Scott Kessler  Standard and Poors: Great. Very helpful. Thanks Dara. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: You bet, Scott. I think that's it for questions. 
 Michael Adler : Okay I just have one more clarification, Dara. Sorry, from someone who had emailed in a question on where that $30 million tax payment to Microsoft would appear in the cash flow statement?  It would be in cash flow from operating activities. I just wanted to clarify that. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: Okay, well thank you everyone for joining our call. I did want to say a special thank you to the employees of Expedia this year. I think that this year we made real progress during the year. I've been on my job for two and a half years and I've never seen our employee population working as hard as they are now. And the passion that they're putting into the business and the hope and the optimism that I see, really gets me excited to come to work everyday. So a special thank you to everyone who is working as hard as they are right now.  And with that, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentleman that will conclude today's teleconference. We thank you for your participation and at this time you may disconnect. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-11-09 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Stu Haas - VP of IR Barry Diller - Chairman and Senior Executive Dara Khosrowshahi - President and CEO Michael Adler - CFO
Analysts: Aaron McCann - Goldman Sachs Justin Post - Merrill Lynch Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Bridget Alicia - JP Morgan Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray Christopher Gutek - Morgan Stanley Robert Peck - Bear Stearns Michael Millman - Soleil Securities
Operator: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to Expedia, Inc. Third Quarter 2006 Conference Call. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder this conference is being recorded today, Thursday, November 09, 2006. I would now like to turn the conference over to Stu Haas, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Stu Haas: Good afternoon, and welcome to Expedia, Inc.'s financial results conference call for the third quarter ended September 30th 2006. Joining me on todays call are Barry Diller, Expedias Chairman and Senior Executive; Dara Khosrowshahi, our CEO; and, Michael Adler, our CFO. The following discussion including responses to your questions reflects management's views as of today, November 9, 2006 only. As always, some of the statements made on todays call are forward-looking, including our comments on financial expectations, operational performance and margins, planned investments and spending, platform improvements, systems upgrades, growth of business lines, financial performance and dilution. Actual results may differ materially. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information to reflect future events or circumstances. Please refer to todays press release and of the Companys filings with the SEC, including our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005, for additional information about factors that could potentially affect our financial and operational results. During this call we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures including OIBA, free cash flow, adjusted net income and adjusted EPS. In our press release, which is posted on the Company's IR website at expediainc.com/ir, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with the most comparable GAAP measures. We encourage you to review the section entitled Basis of Presentation in todays earnings release for more details on how we are presenting results for some periods. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2005; and with that, let me turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Stu, and thank you to everyone for making the time to join us on the call. Mike will cover the financial details of the quarter later, but I did want to add that through expense control, and continued mix shift towards our international and merchant hotel businesses, we delivered operating income before amortization for the quarter consistent with our full year expectations. I am the first person to acknowledge that its difficult to get excited about OIBA shrinking year-on-year, but we are fairly confident than absent some democratically adverse outcome in a remaining airline discussions, we are on a path for OIBA growth in 2007, and beyond. The good news for Expedia is that our international businesses as well as Hotels.com, TripAdvisor, and ECT are all executing well and growing at healthy rates. The bad news is that our domestic Expedia.com business, which is also our largest P&L, continues to perform at unsatisfactory levels. While gross bookings growth for our non Expedia businesses actually accelerated from Q2 levels. Expedia.coms growth rate continued to slow pulling down overall sequential bookings growth. So, the story for our company and our absolute focus over the next few quarters is turning around Expedia.com as we did last year with Hotels.com., while at the same time, continuing to execute at our other brands, and geographies. Not an easy task by any means, but one that we are certainly up for. Now let me give you a quick update on working stand with our airline economies in light of recent airline and GDS discussions. While the airline environment has certainly been challenging as of late, it we think that we may finally be seeing some light at the end of the tunnel. We now have the option of flowing segments through three GDS providers, in Sabre, Amadeus, Worldspan with whom we had a prior agreement. And just this morning, we signed a long term deal with AirTran Airways to increase value priced selection for travelers, completing long-term agreements that we have with other airline partners. Putting it all together, we expect to see a step-down in revenue per ticket in 2007 similar to what we will see for full-year 2006, as we absorb a full year of revised GDF in airline economics. That said, we are cautiously optimistic that 2008 will bring more flattish comparison as it relates to the non-booking fee portion of our agency air revenue. As it relates to our platform redesign, we are on track to move our first point of sale on to the new platform in early 2007, and our enterprise data warehouse is nearly ready for launch, which when combined with our new platform will enable groundbreaking improvements in terms of personalization, site merchandizing, and segmented marketing. While meaningful improvements to our traveler's experiences remain on track for delivery '07 and beyond, we continue push forward on the innovation front across our brand portfolio. The most recent example of this was launched earlier this week in conjunction with Citi of our traveler awards program. Expedia.com travelers can now earn ThankYou points on their bookings, including double points for air plus hotel travel. And the 10 million existing members of Citi's ThankYou network can now redeem their points online for travel with Expedia.com. Perhaps the most compelling feature of ThankYou on Expedia is that it's tender neutral. In plain English, this means that you can earn ThankYou points no matter what method of payment you prefer to use. No need to sign up for a credit card, no need to worry about making sure to charge everything on one card, and no membership fees. Just shop for travel at Expedia and earn points. ThankYou is also incremental. You earn points on top of any rewards you generate through your existing travel or credit card royalty program. With ThankYou, Expedia has replaced the tyranny of the OR with the liberation of AND. While we are certainly enthusiastic about launching ThankYou and hopeful that it will provide meaningful value to travelers over the long term, I do want to stress that we dont anticipate significant impact on overall behavior in the near term. History shows programs like this take time to generate flywheel momentum. Board excited to get the program out there, observe how travelers respond to it and make improvements accordingly. We hope you will take a moment to sign up and let us know what you think. TripAdvisor continues to lead the Web 2.0 Revolution in travel. With this quarter's introduction of its mapping mash up enabling families and business travelers who'd like to begin their travel research with a precise destination and then visually work their way backwards from that point to the best nearby hotels, attractions, restaurants, and more. We look for continued innovation on the TripAdvisor and we plan to more aggressively integrate TripAdvisor's award winning content across our brand portfolio in quarters to come. Hotels.com continues its development as the hotels expert. Worldwide gross bookings were up 19% in Q3 and we saw particular strength in Europe as Hotels.com European points of sale grew gross bookings nearly 60% and now constitute over 10% of Expedia's total European leisure bookings and an even higher percentage of revenue. In fact, Hotels.com international points of sale including our newest country in Israel contributed more revenue in Q3 to our international operations than any European or APAC Expedia branded point of sale other than in the UK. What's very encouraging from a portfolio perspective is that with Expedia, Hotels.com and TripAdvisor we have built three significant global brand franchises and we built them organically. This is critical from a long-term operating leverage standpoint as well as return on capital as each additional point of sale we add builds upon the existing technology, brand, and supplier investments that have been made already. This is a model we plan to replicate again and again as we did just yesterday with the launch of Expedia sites in Norway, Denmark and Sweden. With these three sites we leverage the technology and supply relationships we already have in place as well earlier hotels only efforts in Scandinavia via our Hotels.com brand. And we plan to follow the model later this year with the launch of Expedia in Japan, the world's second largest travel market followed by India in 2007. Expedia Corporate Travel had another solid quarter with worldwide bookings growth of 47% and trailing 12 month bookings in excess of 1 billion for the first time. These numbers are encouraging but arguably the most significant development in ECT this year is a work on the operation side of the house which has resulted in not only in improved likelihood of our clients to recommend our services, but also the best record of client retention in ECT's history. For the first 10 plus months of 2006, we have lost just one client with an annual travel spend in excess of $1 million, just one client. And ECT continues to expand globally most recently with the launch of its operations in Germany as well as their acquisition of [MTfreasen] a profitable Munich based corporate provider with over EUR 11 million in annual gross bookings. Lastly, I do want to spend a moment on Hotwire. As a result of an industry-wide revenue -- as a result of industry-wide revenue declines in merchant air, which was Hotwire's historical bread and butter, we did take 47 million non-cash impairment charge for Hotwire's intangibles this quarter. But I do want to emphasize that we remain 100% committed to the opaque travel channel and the value it provides to both our travelers and our suppliers. And despite the near-term challenges in merchant air, Hotwire's management team continues to execute strongly. Along those lines after a year's absence we will rejoining Orbitz and Cheaptickets.com as a exclusive provider of Opaque Travel Services. And Hotwire has meaningfully diversified its revenue base with hotels and car rentals much of it through driving significant improvements in conversion rates in both of these products group. In closing, this was a solid quarter for Expedia Inc. and we are beginning to see the very early fruits of our investment labor with this week's launch of ThankYou. There is certainly more to come on that front which we believe along with solid ground execution should return us to the kind of growth that we have come to expect from ourselves as a company. Mike?
Michael Adler: Thanks Dara. Hello everyone. I am going to review the results for the quarter enclosed with an update on financial expectations for the full year. Let me begin with gross bookings. Worldwide gross bookings were up 8% for the quarter split between 2% domestic growth and 29% international. While international growth is similar to levels we have seen for the past few quarters, domestic growth continued to decelerate in Q3. Some of this is a natural deceleration for Hotels.com as they anniversary high growth quarters. But most of the deceleration is due to Expedia.com. Excluding the Expedia.com points of sale, our worldwide gross bookings growth would have roughly doubled the 8% we are reporting today. So, what are we seeing at Expedia.com? At the top of the funnel we continue to see relatively flat year-on-year traffic to the site. We have been encouraged by positive results from our efforts in SEM and e-mail. But these gains have not been enough to offset the declines we have seen from our MSN and affiliate channels. We dont anticipate much improvement in traffic in Q4, but we are looking forward to launching a new brand advertising campaign in January. Brand spend will be a key part of our marketing strategy going forward as we feel we may have pulled back too sharply in 2006 from what can be a very efficient marketing channel. Some of the traffic flatness at Expedia.com is borne of a conscious decision on our part to shift domestic spend to more efficient uses in Hotels.com. Direct spend for Expedia.com was actually down 5% year-over-year as we move spent to Hotels.com which was the higher revenue per transaction due to a greater mix of merchant hotel revenue. As mentioned under Q2 call, we had expected our package pricing actions during Q3 to positively contribute to Expedia.coms growth. While we did see a meaningful pickup in the markets where we took pricing down, it was not enough to overcome the overall pressure on package volumes from lower availability with merchant air. In addition, we did not see an uplift to offset our reduced margins. And in response, we are modifying our approach on a market-by-market basis to drive incremental volume with less negative impact to overall profitability. Before moving to revenue margin a bit of housekeeping. 2004 and 2005 geographic splits for bookings and revenue have changed based on a reallocation of Hotels.com results between its domestic and international websites. This reallocation is consistent with how we have been allocating those amounts in 2006; as such, year-over-year comparisons for '04 and '06 have been impacted for the metric schedule on page 14 in our release. I want to stress that there is no impact on worldwide bookings and revenue nor any change in gross bookings in Hotels.com. Turning to revenue margins, Q3 declined 44 basis points year-over-year to 14.4%. The largest driver of decline remains the decrease in domestic air margins due to lower revenue per ticket and higher air tickets. The good news is that while worldwide merchant hotel margins were down year-over-year, the increase in that business as a percentage of our mix was enough to impact on consolidated revenue earnings. We are not counting on a similar mix shift benefit in Q4, where we think revenue margins decline will stay that closer to the 80 basis points estimated we gave last quarter for second half '06. On the hotel front, we saw approximately 60 basis points of raw margins aggregation compared with 150 basis points in the first half of 2006. This is consistent with our expectation of more favorable cost in the back half of '06 as we anniversary the lower margins hotel bookings, easing yea- over-year raw margins declines. So, we should see less raw margin decline in full-year '06 compared with the 125 basis points we experienced in full-year '05. Now turning back to P&L detail, gross margin for the quarter excluding stock-based compensation improved slightly. This was mainly due to the increase mix of merchant hotel revenue, which carries high gross margins than other products. We continue to think that we will see an improved gross margin over the longer term due to our Apollo initiatives. Keep in mind, some of these savings maybe offset in the near term with investments in our call and data centers and by revenue margin declines. Sales and marketing were 14% this quarter in excesses of revenue growth, largely due to increased international spend including our shift of Q2 spend to Q3 in Europe. We also increased spending at Hotels.com to drive high revenue merchant hotel bookings, and we supported Expedia.com's 10th anniversary with a multimedia spend. We expect worldwide sales in marketing will again exceed revenue growth in Q4 as Q3 trends at Expedia.com continue into Q4 and as we support our newer points of sale in Scandinavian countries and Japan. General and administrative expense came in at $59 million, flat year-on-year, as we now have lapsed our ramp-up in G&A as we became a public company. We anticipate higher G&A in Q4, as Q3 benefited by a few million dollars from some compensation expense reductions that we dont anticipate benefit in Q4. And while the ramp in G&A will lead to de-leverage from this expense in full '06, we expect positive leverage in '07. Technology and content expense grew just 9% year-over-year, as most the investment we were making on the platform, enterprise data warehouse, and other fronts are capitalized. Year-over-year CapEx more than doubled to $34 million and we now anticipate full year '06 CapEx will come in between $85 million and $95 million and we expect to see higher dollar amounts of CapEx in '07. We anticipate the expense associated with these increased capital expenditures will start to hit the P&L in early '07 as we place software into service, which will cause even greater de-leverage from technology and content in '07 and possibly '08 on top of what we will experience in 2006. On the bottom line, we delivered Q3 OIBA of $180 million, down 2% versus Q3 '05. Year-to-date OIBA is down 8% on gross bookings growth of 11%, primarily reflecting 70 basis points of lower revenue margin and the operating expense de-leverage previously mentioned. I want to close my comments with an update of our expectations for full year 2006. We now anticipate OIBA for '06 will decline between 5% and 10%. While we arent providing expectations for 2007 at this time, I can say that absent something dramatically different from our current expectations on the air side, we expect to return to positive OIBA growth in '07, with revenue margins still declining year-on-year, but at a slower rate than what we experienced in 2006. I want to thank everyone for your time today and for your continued interest in Expedia. I will now turn the call over to Barry for some closing thoughts ahead of Q&A.
Barry Diller: Thank you. Good afternoon to everybody. Our sausage-making in this particular case our sausage-making is not been pretty, it's been extremely difficult, but I think its beginning to come out in somewhat finished links. I think the work of the last year and a half, it slowly as I think you can see -- I think you can see that there is beginning traction here and we made many, many changes most recent in Expedia.com itself, which was fairly expensive. But I think we now have with Expedia.com which was our only real problem and we had of course issues about investment all over the place but the only real operating problem we had with Expedia.com. It now has new leadership, lots of changes underneath. All of which I think are with people that we really do have great confidence in. I think you never going to actually tell about this stuff, but I think that's the end of it, meaning the end of big change. I think that the team that Dara has all across now, is a permanent team. And I think most of there, the work isn't done but I think that the great disruption is done. And so, I think that we will, and it wont happen, never happens that quickly and it won't be I think probably settled in people's mind outside the company. I think that everybody can maintain their skepticism about Expedia.com and the drags that they associate with the business. But I have growing confidence that it is without question going to improve. So, and we will back to real growth next year. So, with that I think it's best we take some questions. So, I guess Mr. Stu you do that part, so go ahead.
Stu Haas: Great. Thanks Barry. Let's move on to the Q&A portion of the call with Barry, Dara and Mike. As a reminder please limit yourselves to one or two questions, so we can fit more questionnaires into the call today. Operator, would you please remind our listeners how to ask a question.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen at this time we will begin the question and answer session. (Operator Instructions). And our first question comes from Anthony Noto with Goldman Sachs please go ahead.
Aaron McCann - Goldman Sachs: Great thank you this is actually [Aaron McCann] for Anthony. I guess the first question I have is, I wondered if you could discussed the effectiveness of your marketing spend. It looks like this quarter sales and marketing were up to 5% of growth bookings and yet we continue to see a deceleration in growth and I wonder if you can comment on when you expect to see the benefit from that marketing spend.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Well I think a significant amount of the sales and marketing spend relating to gross bookings and the revenue growth that you are seeing is actually due to a mix shift here, Aaron. We mentioned in Q2 that we were light on international marketing as it related to the World Cup happening and that Q3 we were going to increase the spend and we did just that. International sales and marketing spend on international points of sale is less efficient than sales and marketing spend on domestic points of sale. But as you can see by the acceleration in international gross bookings growth, it has been effective and it is something thats working and we are going to do more off. So there is certainly a mix shift there. I would say similar thing regards to Hotels.com, which is we have been spending more on Hotels.com brand marketing. Again, that tends to be a higher percentage of Hotels.com revenue than what you see on Expedia.com. So a lot of what you are seeing is mix shift, the incremental spend is positive. All that said, we do believe that we can do better on the Expedia.com side as far as off line brand marketing goes and its certainly something that we are working on.
Aaron McCann - Goldman Sachs: Great and it looks like you continued to see good growth internationally and you mentioned that you plan to introduce Expedia in Japan and India in 2007, are there other geographies that are attractive and that you consider then, I am thinking I guess more specifically about Latin America?
Dara Khosrowshahi: We are looking at Latin America. We do -- we do some business in Latin America on the Hotels.com side. We have a site hotelis.com and we are going to look at the Latin American countries opportunistically. I will say that from a priority standpoint, we are always setting priorities at this company the Asia Pacific markets in total are kind of the next large marketing segment that we are going to go after. The biggest issue that we have with the Latin American countries is that credit card penetration is quite low there. And, many -- as you know, most of the transactions on the various sites are done by credit cards. So as long as credit card penetration is low, we probably won't go in, in a big way. We will just go in opportunistically.
Aaron McCann - Goldman Sachs: Great, thank you very much.
Dara Khosrowshahi: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Justin Post with Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Couple of bigger picture questions. We have seen hotel occupancies kind of level off on a year-over-year basis. I am wondering if that could start to help your net rates a year or two down the road once your current agreements kind of run out or if you just going to stop seeing pressure there? And then, secondly, have you seen any pickup in booking trends? Some of your competitors have mentioned things got a little bit better on September relative to the first part of the third quarter?
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as occupancies go and leveling off, from a macro standpoint, that's a good trend for us. I will say that our PSG group, our Partner Services Group has done a really, really good job in securing inventory in both primary and secondary and tertiary markets as well. So, we really have not had any real issues as far as inventory availability goes. And inventory availability is very good. As far as the economics of the business go long term, I think that the economic relationship that we have with our suppliers is appropriate. I think we bring a significant amount of value as far as being not only a national, but an international platform and being largely variable as far their spend on our cycle. So I think we bring a ton of value there; and to the extent that occupancy rates are leveling off, we think that our hotel partners are going to be looking for our help, and we are going to be there for them. As far as booking trends go, September versus the other months, I dont want to comment on individual months, and I dont want to comment on kind of forward booking trends. Mike talked about our expectations for the year as far as 5% to 10%. We removed the lower end of the range. So, our expectations are pretty consistent with where our business is going right now.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks, Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Mark Mahaney with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: Great, thank you. Can I ask you a comment just on one of the numbers that transactions growth year-over-year was flat, should we attribute that mostly solely to the weakness in the Expedia business in the US? Is there any other thing -- any other way we should think about that? And then one question on a loyalty program, you've now have got sounds like the ideal partner you have talked about, rolling this out in a careful phased way. How should we think about how aggressive you will be with this program 12 months from now in terms of international markets and different brands? Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as transaction growth goes, I dont want to pin this only on Expedia.com, but obviously, transaction growth at Expedia.com domestically has been weaker than transaction growth on our other brands or internationally. So, the majority of the slowdown that you see in transaction growth is due to Expedia.com. We are on it. We have got a team thats very much focused on it and I am confident that we can turn this around. As far as Citi goes, we believe that they are an ideal partner. And as to our aggressiveness, I think it depends on how things go. The last time that we talked to you, we said that we are going to roll this out, we are going to test and learn. We are going to see what kind of -- how we can change our traveler behavior and how we can hopefully affect and in general higher royalty amongst our travelers. And that's really what we are going to be focused on as far as the ThankYou program goes. As to where we are going to expand it, I think that we are going to go to new brands, for example, Hotels.com before we go internationally, just because Citi has such a strong presence nationally here. So, I think that you will see a brand extension before we go international with it. And another steps certainly that we are looking at right now is introducing an Expedia and/or perhaps Hotels.com branded credit card, which will allow consumers who use that card to get double, triple points et cetera to really, really increase the velocity of the points that they receive when they book on our sites. So, that's kind of the steps that we are looking at with ThankYou. We are pretty pleased with it so far, and we are optimistic on what we can achieve. We think it will take a bit of time, but we are pretty excited.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: Thank you very much.
Dara Khosrowshahi: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Imran Khan with JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Bridget Alicia - JP Morgan: Hello. This is [Bridget Alicia] calling for Imran. First question, could you give us an idea about any trends you have seen in your conversion, some advertising?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Conversion from advertising, you mean site conversion in general?
Bridget Alicia - JP Morgan: Yes.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Okay. Conversion over the year has not changed significantly one way or the other. And now it differs by site, by point of sale and so it's very difficult to kind of generalize conversion. But I were to characterized for Expedia.com domestically, the biggest issue that we have is increasing the traffic to the site. Conversion, we dont is an issue; we think we can get it better and we are working on it. But its really about bringing more traffic to the site and increasing our direct type in traffic.
Bridget Alicia - JP Morgan: Okay a follow-up question to that. It seems like MSN is generating a little bit of weakness. Do you have any ideas for replacing it as a traffic source?
Dara Khosrowshahi: You know we are focused on executing with MSN and working with the team to improve it, as a traffic generator and as a transaction generator for us. We are always looking at new channels for traffic. So, we dont view one channel as necessarily replacing another channel, we view it as additive. An example of that is Hotwire's deal with Orbitz. It's a new channel for Hotwire, it is incrementally additive but I think really what we are focused on, MSN is working with them to start building transactions back up and we think we can get there.
Bridget Alicia - JP Morgan: Alright thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: You bet.
Operator: And the next question comes from Aaron Kessler with Piper Jaffray, please go ahead.
Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray: Hey guys couple of questions, first in the international growth; can you give us -- how thats performing versus your expectations going into the quarter and what other areas we should be looking to, to expand that, I think you mentioned a couple of them, maybe if you can just extend some more into Eastern and Continental Europe. And second one, can you just give us an update on the search pricing environment, whether it's little more rational this year and finally on Priceline's call yesterday, you did mention that, I guess from [disdain] on their Orbitz relationship, they mentioned it wasnt essentially feasible at the rates, maybe you have got better rates or can you comment a little on what you are seeing there, thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure Aaron, on international I guess the results have been as expected. We took a little bit of a risks as far as increasing the marketing spend, and in various geographies. And I think the team there executed very well in pulling through nice gross bookings growth, pretty much across the board as a result of those increasing spends. We are very pleased with the progress of Hotels.com. Internationally we did a mini re-platforming for Hotels.com to make the site more feel friendly to improve the consumer experience and we are certainly seeing the rewards of that, and we are rolling that out across Europe. So, right now we are really happy with how the international markets are doing. We are happy with how the European markets are doing. And I think we are looking at the Priceline growth rates with envy and asking ourselves, how can we get those growth rates? I think the team is really challenging themselves and while we are improving, I wouldnt say that word, in anyway happy or satisfied. So, I think more to come, our expectations are for better growth going forward internationally and I think the team is really challenging themselves. As far as search pricing goes, I dont want to comment specifically on how this quarter went versus another quarter. What I would say is that, in general search terms, there continuous to be increase or inflation in search terms. And I think that our search team does a great job of optimizing around that inflation. The optimization is in two parts, one is which terms are you going to bid for and where do you want to be as far as you want to be first or second or third, etcetera and which search engine to use and also working on the conversion of the landing pages, once someone types in or clicks on a search term. So, while there is inflation, we have a great team working there that that is overall getting pretty good efficiency out of the search engine marketing channel overall. I think your third question was on the Orbitz deal, is that correct?
Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray: Yes, I know Priceline have backed out of that deal, and offers a competitive win for you, or I think it was getting too expensive for them to keep up that deal.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I dont know whether it was a competitive win, but it was a win. And, the economics that we offered Orbitz were pretty similar to the economies that we had them two years ago. And, so we're pretty confident that it is a channel that is going to work for us and be profitable with us. If it didnt work for Priceline, then the conclusion that you would draw is that Hotwire must converting better than Priceline, because I dont think that Orbitz would take a less economically attractive deal.
Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray: Right. Okay, thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: You bet.
Operator: And your next question comes from Christopher Gutek with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Christopher Gutek - Morgan Stanley: Thanks, just a couple of quick questions. I know you guys arent giving detailed guidance for the next year yet, but I think you did suggest at the end of your prepared comments that you think margins could be margins down modestly in '07 versus '06. I am wondering if you could just comment on the kind of speculation or suggestion that maybe the Company's economic model in terms of margins of cash flow were put in place several years ago with better spy in terms of the hotel and air inventory. And going forward with relatively tight supply that there is sort of a trade off between growth and profitability and to get real top-line growth, you might to have to give up more in terms of margins going forward. I am wondering if you can kind of comment on that in terms of general expectations for margins longer term relative to growth longer term.
Michael Adler: Yes. On revenue margins for '07, we are anticipating on the air side, the margins reducing in a similar amount that has occurred in '06. We think that by the long-term nature of the contracts that we have entered into and are continuing to negotiate that we are optimistic that we will see a leveling off of that in '08. In terms of the hotel revenue margin, and I think as Dara mentioned earlier, we think that the economic relationships we have on the hotel side are appropriate at this time and really reflect the value, the value that we are delivering to the hotels.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Chris, just a comment on that further, it's Dara; what we are solving for long term is the amount of cash that this business draws off. We kind of dont care whether its high margins or low margins or high revenue growth or low revenue growth, we are solving for long-term cash generation and optimizing long-term cash generation. It may happen that we may have an environment where dropping margins is going to really drive revenue growth, which is going to result in higher profitability, we will do that. The opposite may be true as well. So, it's very difficult to comment on long-term trends in margins without knowing what's happening. We have some partners that we do business with today, within our margins are actually increasing. Now the production in their particular hotels is increasing dramatically as well. So, it's win-win situation. They get a ton of volume from us, we get higher margins from them and we both win. So, it's going to depend on the particulars, and we will act accordingly. Just one of the other interesting aspects of our business is that we think we have a real advantage and that we do have a global platform here, and we are constantly -- you guys don't see it but we are constantly testing stuff in countries outside the US as far as how do our margins affect our revenue growth, higher booking fee, lower booking fee, higher margins with hotels, lower margins with hotels it's something that we are starting to do -- that we started to do and I think we can learn a lot more about kind of the revenue -- the effect on revenue and margins and the trade-offs there. So, I think -- frankly, I don't think we are smart enough right now and I think we are going to get much smarter about that over the next years.
Christopher Gutek - Morgan Stanley: In the context of getting smarter, I mean, do you think you have enough visibility going forward? Subsequently you report Q4 results, you can give more detailed guidance for '07 then there is a relatively limited guidance you gave for '06 or just kind of the multi-year process to kind of get smart and figure out the optimal way to maximize that cash flow and therefore the guidance will be somewhat limited going forward?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think there are two factors to that, one is that, I think, we are getting better at forecasting in general. This company as far as being a public company is a fairly young company. So, I do think that we are going to get better of that. The second is our view of guidance, and you put those two together and you are going to get the formula as to what we are going to tell you next quarter. I can't tell you right now what that will be.
Christopher Gutek - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And finally two quick balance sheet questions, could you guys comment on the potential for additional goodwill and intangible write-downs relative to company's market cap? And then could you also comment on the optimal capital structure now that you have done that [deal]?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Okay, I will take the first question relating to the goodwill. We are performing the annual assessment which we do each year at this time and it's premature for us to comment on a non-cash impairment to goodwill as we are still making that assessment. I will say that the things that are looked at as a part of that analysis are disclosed in our 10-K, are discount to cash flow characteristics of the company and in market comparables. And thats all we will be looking to during the Q4 period.
Michael Adler: Barry do you want to talk about capital structure?
Barry Diller: Wait a second there I am. I was on mute so no one would hear all the noise I am making. We are in a very good shape obviously. We have a good amount of cash. We have little debt. We do think that when it's appropriate we will -- we would think we would take on some leverage. The business is stable enough for us to do so. I would think that for normal purposes it would be at about two times thats what we have been historically comfortable with. We have not really ever gotten there, but at least intellectually what we are thinking is about right. We might go higher than that for a period of time. But we would look to pay it down to two times. And we are not anxious right now about that, and we are obviously right now quite comfortable in our current structure.
Christopher Gutek - Morgan Stanley: All right. Thanks guys.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Robert Peck with Bear Stearns. Please go ahead.
Robert Peck - Bear Stearns: Hey Dara. Just a quick follow up on previous question, when you talked about keyword pricing and in your point of view, is there any sort of irrational exuberance there or do you think it's just the time you are getting the ROI investments? Number two is, could you quantify to any degree you can the changes in the GDS agreements and how that is affecting some of the numbers going forward? And lastly, could you talk about the integration of lastminute.com how thats affecting you from a competitive point of view? Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as the keyword pricing goes, are we seeing any irrational exuberance? I would say less than what we have seen in the past, but this is an awfully big marketplace. This is $900 billion worldwide market; you are going to get all sorts of new entrants and new players in it everyday. And frankly, we cant really tell when someone is being irrationally exuberant or not because we dont understand how they are converting one way or the other. The keywords go up and down based on various factors; for example, the terror alert had effect on keyword pricing this quarter. So it goes up and down but we actively manage it; we are good at it; and we are not seeing anything strange going on so to speak. As far as the GDS agreements go, I dont want to comment on the specifics of that economics. I think you all know that the GDS economics relating to -- their economics relating to the airlines took a hip and we were -- some of those economics were passed on to us which has affected our revenue per ticket. That said we think we are in a pretty good spot and that we have newer agreements with Sabre and Amadeus. We are sending segments over those partners and actually we are now in conversations with another GDS partner who is at least offering to us pretty attractive economics as well. So we will see whether we are getting business with yet another GDS provider or not. Fundamentally, we believe in multi GDS connectivity, and we will construct the flow over segments depending on what is economically best for us. So in general, we would like to position there. Lastly, I think you talked about the integration of lastminute, honestly, we dont have a lot of visibility into how lastminute is doing or what lastminute is doing. I heard Sabre's call and it does seem that they are having some integration pains. I can say that, our international group is doing well, and we are confident, and we are executing, but we know that there are ton of challenges there as well. So, we are pretty -- we are more focused on what we are doing more than what's happening to third parties.
Robert Peck - Bear Stearns: Thanks Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Michael Millman with Soleil Securities. Please go ahead.
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Thank you. International, I guess, a couple of things, one is, can you talk a bit about the international profit, now that you have significant spend there, so related to your Hotels.com and I didnt quite get the number, I think, you said Hotels.com represented about 60% of international hotels but --
Dara Khosrowshahi: No. Michael just to correct that one real quickly is that we said that Hotels.com growth rate in Europe was 60% year-over-year the gross bookings growth rate. That was what the 60% referred to. Did we say anything else Mike or Stu on that -- on Hotels.com?
Michael Adler: [Percentage] for presentation of the whole number.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Okay.
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Okay. Well, that might partly answer; what do you think is the prospects for getting it up to the 120 the price line is talking about? And in terms of just a book keeping item, where's TripAdvisor; is that in domestic [cesspool] between the two segments? And then the other question, just following on something that you just said, regarding where you give you lot of business to hotel, you can make -- it sounded like, you can make more and they can make more, does this suggest that your focus should be on narrowing relationships, so that you can maximize the potential for them in you?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. Let me take those on. Mike, as far as TripAdvisor goes, correct me if I am wrong. TripAdvisor isnt domestic.
Michael Adler: Yes, yes.
Dara Khosrowshahi: So, Michael, even though TripAdvisor does have international revenues and we believe that those international revenues are going to increase. All of it is in domestic right now, just because of kind of accounting systems issues, etcetera. We may break that out at some points. Okay.
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: So that suggests that the business for those bookings, travel business growth domestically was even less than suggested?
Dara Khosrowshahi: TripAdvisor will not affect our domestic or international gross bookings rate, because it doesnt show up in gross bookings.
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: No, I didnt -- but I meant in terms of the revenue since it --
Dara Khosrowshahi: Revenue, correct. That would be true to the extent that TripAdvisor revenue internationally was growing faster than TripAdvisor revenue domestically. I just think that overall TripAdvisor is a pretty small mix as a whole. So, you are not going to see significantly different trending from what we are telling you about.
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Okay.
Dara Khosrowshahi: But to the extent we get that information, we will talk to you about it. On international profitability, I don't want to make specific comments there; I think that international has now broken out as a segment, so we do talk about profitability, right. Mike?
Michael Adler: Yes, in the Q.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, its -- we are -- here is what I will tell you is that it is -- international is nicely profitable, the bulk of our profits come into UK and for Hotels.com and in the other markets most of them are breakeven to slightly profitable and we are really focused on improving growth there rather than getting immediate profitability. But I would think that our European profitability is significantly higher than most of our competitions probably other than Priceline's because I know Priceline does -- is very strong internally as well. And then I think you said, when do we get to the 120% on our international, I asked that question to half of our team in Europe all the time. So, when we do we will let you know, we are growing off of a pretty big base. And actually, if you look at the dollars, the dollar increase in international gross bookings, last quarter Priceline and we were pretty equal and this quarter actually on internal gross bookings I think we are a bit above where Priceline was. So, as far as the dollars that we are adding, we are actually adding more dollars relative to Priceline than last quarter, it doesn't mean that we are doing this job, our job as good as we can, but it does mean that our execution is getting better and we are pretty pleased with that. Lastly as far as doing business with individual hotels and how deep we go, frankly, thats a balance between optimizing your profitability and optimizing the traveler experience. So our job is to make sure that travelers who come to our side get a broad base of hotel choices for them. And depending on the city that may mean 400 hotels to a smaller market which may mean 20 hotels. And we want to optimize around that. So everyday we are thinking about how deep or how broad we go and frankly, we dont want to fall to one thought or the other and depending on the market it may mean different things.
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Thanks. Great. Thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: You bet
Operator: Thank you. And at this time we will turn the conference back to Stu Haas, please ago ahead.
Stu Haas: Thank you for joining us on the call today and for your questions. A replay will be available on the Investor Relations website shortly after the completion of this call. We certainly appreciate your interest in Expedia Inc. and look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thank you very much.
Michael Adler: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude the Expedia Inc. third quarter 2006 conference call. We thank you again and at this time you may disconnect.

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-08-10 17:45:00) =====
Executives: Barry Diller  Chairman Dara Khosrowshahi - President, CEO  Mike Adler - CFO  Stu Haas - VP, IR 
Analysts: Imran Khan - JP Morgan  Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley  Paul Keung - CIBC World Markets  Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray  Marianne Wolk - Susquehanna  Robert Peck - Bear Stearns  Mark Mahaney - Citigroup  Doug Anmuth - Lehman Brothers  Justin Post - Merrill Lynch  Heath Terry - Credit Suisse 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Expedia, Inc., second quarter 2006 conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to Stu Hass, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Stu Haas: Good morning, and welcome to Expedia, Inc.'s financial results conference call for the second quarter ended June 30, 2006. Joining me on todays call are Barry Diller, Expedias Chairman and Senior Executive; Dara Khosrowshahi, our CEO; and, Michael Adler, our CFO.  The following discussion and responses to your questions reflects management views as of today, August 10, 2006 only. As always, some of the statements made on todays call are forward-looking, including our comments on financial expectations, our operational performance and margins, planned investments and spending, platform improvements, systems upgrades, growth of business lines, financial performance and dilution. Actual results may differ materially.  We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information to reflect future events or circumstances. Please refer to todays press release and the Companys filings with the SEC, including our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005, for additional information about factors that could potentially affect our financial and operational results. During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, including OIBA, free cash flow, adjusted net income and adjusted EPS. In our press release, which is posted on the company's IR website at expediainc.com/ir, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with the most comparable GAAP measures. We encourage you to review the section entitled Basis of Presentation in todays earnings release for more details on how we are presenting results for some periods. Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our result for the comparable period of 2005. With that, let me turn the call over to Dara.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Stu, and thank you to everyone for making time to join us on the call today. I am going to spend my time with some high level comments on the quarter, update you on some longer-term strategic developments and close with some recent innovation wins across our brand portfolio. Then, I will turn the call over to Mike Adler for a deeper discussion on our financials.  Mike joined Expedia as CFO in May after many successful years at IAC as SVP on my finance team, and I am very happy to have him on board making an immediate contribution. We are certainly pleased with the progress we made this quarter as we delivered solid financial results. Our gross bookings of $4.6 billion were up 10% against last year, revenue of $598 million was up 8% and operating income before amortization grew 6% to $184 million. A real bright spot was our merchant hotel revenue growth of 17%, the highest growth rate we have seen since Q4 of 2004.  We are especially pleased that we could deliver this OIBA growth in light of the significant investments we are making in our technology infrastructure and the costs of being a newly independent public company. Profit across our points of sale improved with great performance from Hotels.com which continued its acceleration, with worldwide gross bookings growth of 25% and much better bottom-line growth. Our European operations continue to execute and grow profitably and we are very pleased with the development of ECT which had a second $250 million plus gross bookings quarter at near breakeven and in our Asia Pacific operations with eLong closing its first profitable quarter. Our Q2 bookings growth, which was down against Q1, was affected by lower merchant air gross bookings particularly at Hotwire and some impact from the World Cup in Europe amongst other factors. We were also relatively conservative in our domestic Expedia.com marketing spend which have an effect of higher marketing efficiencies and lower gross bookings growth in Q2. Keep in mind that this will have some effect on Q3 revenue.  While our mid-term goal is to increase transactions and bookings growth, we will be disciplined in that regard and we will spend incremental marketing dollars if we are confident that we will get an adequate return on out spend. Finally, while we have been allocating capital to what we believe are sensible long-term investments in our operations from new geographies to data warehouse to our technology platform, to building our corporate business, we have also made an investment in our own Company, buying back 20 million shares or over 5% of our equity base over the past few months. Following on that, our Board has authorized up to another 20 million share repurchase as we continue to view our equity as an attractive investment opportunity. Now, let me talk a bit about airline economics. Clearly, Expedia like all travel agents continues to face a difficult operating environment in air and the trends havent changed here, higher ticket prices, lower availability of merchant air inventory and continued declines in revenue per air ticket. We dont see these factors changing any time soon and we feel that we will face incremental headwinds in the back half of 2006 and beyond as GDS has reduced their incentive payments to agents in light of reduced fees from carriers.  Since we last spoke, we gained greater clarity into our overall economics on air distribution and we are cautiously optimistic that the reductions that we will experience beginning in the second half of 2006 are fairly close to what we had anticipated when we discussed their financial expectations in May.  That said, these discussions are very fluid and active at this point in time. And, while we are optimistic, we will not sacrifice long-term shareholder value in exchange for achieving quicker clarity for better short-term results. We hope to have more to report to you on our next quarter's call. The good news on air is that we are now successfully flowing air segments to three GDS partners, Worldspan, Amadeus and Sabre. This provides us with greater global access to content and pricing and reduces our reliance on one content supplier. Just today, we announced a long-term strategic agreement with US Airways similar to long-term agreements that we put in place recently with other carriers providing for a degree of variable compensation tied to the value that we deliver. This helps establish a win/win economic incentive structure that we feel is good business for Expedia and good business for our supply partners. As it relates to our platform redesign, we are on track with our work and we will move our first point of sale on to the new platform early next year. While being on the new platform in and of itself wont change anything that our travelers will notice, it will enabled our point of sale, among other things, to quickly adjust site merchandizing, speed up innovation and improve both search engine optimization and site stability. After we get that first point of sale successfully ported over, we will then transition other worldwide sites in 2007 and 2008. We are also on track in executing against our enterprise data warehouse initiative, which will be initially focused on Sarbanes Oxley compliance efforts and then traveler facing improvements in terms of personalization, improved merchandizing and more segmented marketing beginning in 2007. We are also making progress on our Apollo initiative as we looked to leverage our core assets, increase operational efficiencies arising within our brands and realize more value from our large global presence. We frankly havent moved as quickly as I would have liked in 2006 to realize these benefits, but the good news is that weve done a ton of spade work here and we are more confident then ever that there is at least $50 million worth of annual OIBA improvements to be had and we will think we will hit that run rate some time in late 2007. We have been pushing forward on the innovation front and we had a significant number of wins across the brand portfolio since our last call. For price sensitive shoppers looking to stay on top of great deals we now offer Expedia.com fare alerts and Hotwires Travel Ticker. With fare alerts, we continually search for great deals for you on your choice of air fare and packages and automatically alert when your price trigger is reached. We believe Expedia is the only online travel site to offer this functionality for packages.  Combined with Expedia.coms industry-leading best price guarantee, travelers have increased peace of mind that when they shop with Expedia they are getting great results. TripAdvisor not only pushed its reviews and opinions tally past the 5 million mark this quarter, they also introduced go-lists allowing travelers to publish list of their favorite destinations, attractions, activities, hotels, and restaurants.  We're also very proud to see TripAdvisor awarded two Webby's for the best site in the travel and community categories recognizing the Company's continuous innovation and content growth.  And just this week, we introduced a revised and expanded Expedia travel protection plan enabling travelers to cancel or change their trips for any reason; as well as offering reimbursements for baggage and flight delays, travel accident insurance, lost baggage, and travel document insurance, and much, much more. This great coverage begins for just $39 per person for travel to Las Vegas and $49 per person for other travel within the Continental U.S. We certainly don't think that we're anywhere near done answering the question of why Expedia or why Hotels.com or why Hotwire, why TripAdvisor when it comes to researching and booking your travel. But we do think that the recent innovations such as the best price guarantee, package protection, Travel Ticker, coupled with great content like hotel reviews, trip guides, and guide books offer compelling reasons for doing so.  The good news for travelers and investors alike is that there's so much more innovation and value ahead for Expedia than there is behind us and we look forward to telling that evolving story in the quarters and years to come. Mike?
 Mike Adler: Thanks. I'd like to review the results for the quarter, provide color on what we think is the story behind the numbers and then I will close with an update on our financial expectations for the year. Let me begin with gross bookings. Overall, gross bookings were up 10% for the quarter, split between domestic growth of 7% and international at 22%. International growth was down versus prior quarters, but about where we thought it would come in based on an expected slowing due to the World Cup and our accompanying decision to weight marketing more heavily in  Q3. On the domestic front, we continue to face difficulty in sourcing merchant air inventory to create compelling package offers and we have seen significant price competition in packages from other OTAs. In turn, we're taking more aggressive action to ensure better values for travelers and packages. Adding to our Q2 top line challenges were continued significant year-over-year declines in traffic and transactions from our MSN and affiliate channels at our flagship Expedia.com. The good news is we're seeing nice pickups in our keyword marketing and e-mail channels, but not enough to offset the declines we have seen.  We also proactively cut our national TV ad spend for Expedia.com in the quarter, which certainly impacted transactions, but allowed us to drive some modest marketing leverage.  Revenue margin for the quarter at 13.1% was down 32 basis points from Q2 '05. The biggest driver was the decrease in our domestic air revenue margin due to higher airfares and lower revenue per ticket, although the 32 basis point drop compares favorably to the 125 basis points in Q1 '06. Revenue margin would have declined more absent lower gross bookings in Europe due to the World Cup and increased revenue from the benefit of Easter travel in Q2 this year. As I mentioned, revenue margin continues to be impacted by deteriorating air economics as airlines continue to pressure their payments to agencies. Air revenue per ticket was down 10% during Q2 and as Dara mentioned, GDS incentive fee reductions will be an incremental headwind to our air business going forward.  In our planning, we are assuming that air fares and load factors will remain high and that we continue to have challenges accessing merchant air inventory, which will also impact our packages business. On the hotel front, we saw approximately 120 basis points of raw margin degradation compared with 190 basis points in Q1. As a reminder, we expect to see favorable comps in the back half of 2006 as we anniversary the striking of lower margin deals, easing our year-over-year raw margin declines. We continue to believe we'll see improved raw margin decline in 2006 versus 2005's 125 basis points. That said, the actions we're taking on packaged pricing will take a bite out of this improvement.  I would like to emphasize that while hotel margins are a key indicator for our business, it's also important to point out that as merchant hotel becomes a bigger portion of our overall revenue mix, the impact on overall revenue margin can be positive even when raw margins decline in the hotel product category. Our worldwide raw margin decline this quarter was actually a relatively small factor in overall revenue margin decline due to an increase of merchant hotel revenue in our mix. Despite less revenue margin degradation in Q2 versus Q1, we expect revenue margin to decline more significantly in the second half of the year versus Q2's 32 basis points due to continued challenges in air economics, including reduced merchant air availability and our desire to deliver great package savings for travelers in a competitive environment.  Putting this all together, we think revenue margin in the second half of the year will decline similarly to the year-on-year decline we saw in the first half. Turning back to the P&L, gross margin for the quarter excluding stock-based compensation improved 118 basis points to 78.8%. Many of the Apollo efforts Dara mentioned in his comments are aimed at cost of revenue improvements, so we would hope to have an improved picture there over the longer term, although it's worth keeping in mind some of these savings may be offset in the near term with investments in our call and data center efforts. As to operating expenses, sales and marketing grew 5% this quarter, below the 8% growth in revenue, largely due to a decision not to advertise Expedia.com on television during the quarter, but rather to focus our efforts on more targeted local ads as well as our decision to move some marketing spend in Europe into Q3.  General and administrative expense was down slightly on a sequential basis, as most of our public company hiring is behind us, but was up significantly year on year reflecting increased legal costs and our addition of staff to become a public company. As we've said previously, we do expect G&A to flatten in the back half of the year with favorable comps versus the second half 2005 than during the first half.  Technology and content grew 14% year-over-year as we've added additional technology staff and we expect this line item to continue growing faster than revenue during the remainder of 2006. We expect even higher year-over-year growth in 2007 as we put software under development into service and start amortizing its costs. You'll note CapEx was up substantially year-over-year from $13 million to $21 million. We anticipate full-year 2006 CapEx will come in between $70 million and $85 million, which would represent annual growth of at least 35%. We expect that these expenses will start to hit the P&L in 2007 as the software is placed in service, likely causing further deleverage from technology and content in 2007 in addition to what we are experiencing in 2006.  Our goal in Q2 was to improve the bottom line and we accomplished that with 6% OIBA growth compared with the first quarter's decline. But what we absolutely must improve upon is our top line performance at the transaction and gross bookings level to better exploit our business model's operating leverage. While I'm confident we're making the right long-term investments to fundamentally transform our traveler's experience and drive the top line more strongly, the bulk of the payoff there is in 2007 and 2008. So in the second half of this year, we will have to depend more on the effectiveness of our marketing initiatives and package pricing to drive top line. To the extent we're successful in these efforts, we would hopefully see improvement in top line metrics. I want to close my comments with an update on our expectations for full year 2006. We continue to believe OIBA for the full year 2006 will decline between 15% and 5%. We certainly had a solid second quarter compared to our first, but given the uncertainty of the effectiveness of our stepped up marketing in an extremely competitive environment, continued challenges around air economics, and our aggressive package pricing, as well as the uncertainty of the terror disruption of last night, we feel it is appropriate at this time to maintain our full-year expectations at prior levels.  While we don't provide quarterly expectations, we do want to remind investors that Q3 will not benefit from the Easter revenue which hit Q2 this year and that lighter gross bookings in Q2, due to reduced Expedia.com marketing and the World Cup are likely to reduce revenue in Q3. We also plan to increase our marketing spend in Europe and elsewhere for Q3, for which much of the revenue payoff will likely fall in Q4.  To be crystal clear, the OIBA decline for the full year is certainly not performance that anyone on this management team is pleased with and we do expect to do better going forward, but it does reflect the reality of the challenges we face in the near term while we make significant investments for the Company's long-term future.  We think the investments we are making will pay off and well continue to work on striking a responsible balance between near-term growth and long-term shareholder value. Lastly, in addition to our focus on maximizing shareholder value by growing OIBA and ultimately free cash flow, we are also mindful of other inputs to shareholder returns, such as an efficient capital structure. Hence, we are very pleased today to announce the completion of our 20 million share repurchase authorization for $288 million, as well as an authorization of an additional 20 million share repurchase. We look forward to reporting our future results to you and updating you on our progress in improving our operations in capital structure.  I want to thank everyone for your time today and for your continued interest in Expedia. I'll now turn the call over to Barry for some closing thoughts ahead of Q&A.
Barry Diller : Good morning. You heard from Dara and Mike about the details of the quarter, much better than the disappointments, but nevertheless, projecting negative growth for the year isn't anything to celebrate. Since you've also heard about the investments and progress we've been making, all geared toward reversing this year's tough results, I'd like to talk to you about the state of Expedia. What kind of company have we become? More pointedly, are we now a growth company or a value company? We've got lots of competitors, Expedia is a big enterprise, nearly twice the level of gross bookings a our nearest online competitor. And while our somber expectations for 2006 overall don't scream growth, there are significant parts of our business in high growth mode: our Hotels.com business continues its rebirth. Everyone thought had lost purpose along with the cheap hotel rooms of a few years ago. This includes the blossoming international business with an extremely modest cost base. Gross bookings growth in excess of 70%. Our corporate business, ECT given up for dead by some, but not by us, posted another near 50% growth rate quarter and our fledgling Asia Pacific business, the initial outpost in China and Australia also enjoyed healthy growth with a new sibling to come in short order in Japan. What do these seemingly disparate growth businesses have in common? They're all leveraging the technology and a brand base that has them at or close to breakeven. The giant machine no one else even comes close to being able to leverage as we are beginning to do. So growth ought to be in our stars.  The truth is, I believe, we can be both a growth and a value company. That's what all this churn inside this Company and what all this investment is about. We've certainly not stirred up all this trouble just to squeeze the value out of the enterprise for as long as it lasts. But while going through this hard slog, we continue to clock extremely strong free cash flow, more than $700 million over the past 12 months and there's plenty of skate left. We get less than 5% of all travel spend, but we have a great brand recognition, we're just getting into position to exploit our size and our looming differentiation into that spend. As to our current opinion on value, clearly this Board of Directors made that known through action via our stock repurchase and our authorization today of an additional repurchase. Having gone on a bit about this, the stark truth is it really matters very little what I or anyone else within these walls says about the color of our spots. The Street and the buy side are going to crunch their numbers, perform their channel checks, study all the leads, and form their own opinion.  Yet I think the ultimate arbiter is going should be the cash flows we deliver not just today but in the years ahead. Past that, everything is really just noise, but all the noise and pro forma talk aside, this Board and our senior leadership team are not focused on noise. We're instead making disciplined investment and operating decisions in a very tough competitive environment for the benefit of our long-term holders. We are believers. Those that bet with us or against us will be making their decisions along the way and only time will tell. So thank you.  Stu, let's get to the question part of the session today.
Stu Haas: Okay, thanks Barry. Let's move on to the Q&A portion of the call with Barry, Dara, and Mike. As a reminder, please limit yourself to one or two questions so we can fit more questioners into the call today. Operator, will you please remind our listeners how to ask a question?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Imran Khan - JP Morgan.
Imran Khan - JP Morgan: Congratulations, good quarter. A couple of questions. Number one, last quarter you talked about the conversion rate decline and I was wondering if you can give us more color how the conversion rate was this quarter overall and maybe through different channels?  Secondly, corporate travel had a very strong quarter, continued to have a strong quarter and I think you opened up a new office in Germany as well. I was try to get a sense, if I look at the customer base in the corporate travel and the revenue base, what percentage is coming from international versus U.S.? That's it, thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Imran. On the conversion rate, in general, this quarter, the year-over-year conversion rate for Expedia and Hotels.com was flat. So it didn't go up or down significantly, Hotels.com was able to drive unique users and audience growth pretty effectively and with flat conversions, that translated into the good transaction growth, translated into good gross bookings growth and very, very good performance this quarter.  Hotwire conversion I think was down a bit in air and I think they did a good job of conversion on the hotel side. But as Hotwire gets less availability to great air inventory, that becomes a less attractive product for consumers and they've been doing a great job changing their mix over from air to hotel products. I think on the corporate travel business, the international side of the business is performing very well. It is less than 50% of our gross bookings, but tends to have a higher percentage of revenue as a percentage of gross bookings. The international business and the domestic business at this point are slightly profitable or close to breakeven and we think Germany is obviously a big, attractive market. We've had some success there with Expedia.com and Hotels.com. Although it's certainly not an easy market to get into, but we think it's a very important market to have a presence in and we're committed to investing in that market.
Imran Khan - JP Morgan: Thank you, Dara.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley.
Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley: Thanks. A couple quick questions. First, big picture question on the economic model. Assuming the economy stays reasonably healthy and load factors and occupancy rates stay reasonably high, I'm curious if you guys have considered any meaningful change on the economic model, either to take on more risk with inventory and/or accepting lower margins or less attractive cash flow characteristics to free up some inventory and improve the growth rate?
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as the economic model goes, I think that if we just execute better as far as our relationships with our supply partners, I think that we can just get better access to inventory.  One of the particular changes in our economic model that we have made is that whereas we used to essentially have a flat rate at all times, we have signed, call it more sophisticated deals with certain suppliers where our take changes based on the needs of those specific suppliers. Is it a weekend day when you are getting a booking, a hotel booking, or is it a weekday, when do you need the traffic? or are you flying, call it from a home airport or are we giving you a connecting flight? So based on the kind of value that we are delivering to our supply partners, our economics may change.  We found that kind of an economic change is something that our supply partners like and it will allow us then to turn around and eventually take more attractive travelers and deliver them to the supply partners who most want those travelers at that time. It lets us yield our demand coming in. That's been our first step, and we think it's a good step and we're certainly going to continue with that. As far as risk goes, we have not taken any significant amount of risk. It is something that we will probably test. To the extent that we test it, it will probably be in Europe having to do with the summer sun destinations at peak times there. We're going to be very, very careful in anything that we do and the benefit of this business is that you can test in limited markets, see what works, and then try to scale it.  We do have some folks on the European team now who have had a significant amount of experience with this kind of activity and the most important part of taking on a new activity is to get great, smart people who have prior experience and then start working on them in a small way and then hopefully scale it.  I will probably have more to tell you about this next year. As is, we're going to be careful and not take too much risk in that effort.
Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley: As a quick follow-up on the theme of economic model shifting here with the GDS opt-in programs, including Sabre's efficient access solution, you guys have said that you're supportive of this efficient access solution. Could you elaborate, certainly for mom and pop travel agencies, they would need to opt into these programs. But for a big agency like Expedia, it's not clear that you would need to do that. When you say supportive, what exactly does that mean and could you talk a little bit about the economics?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Well, we don't want to talk about specific economics that we have with supply partners or our GDSs, so I'm not going to talk about the particular economics.  Our strategy in general as it relates to connectivity is one of flexibility. So we've made real technology investments and our tech teams have done a great job of getting us connectivity to three GDS providers; frankly, all of whom are offering different kinds of solutions to us. Both economic solutions and content solutions that we can either elect into or not. At the same time, we are also talking with our airline partners and in some cases, we're doing deals directly with them. We've always had economic relationships with our airline partners, but we are being much more flexible as to how we do business with them as well.  So you put that all together and I would say two, three years from now, each and every deal that we have with our supply partners is going to be unique and different based on their needs, based on our needs and in particular as far as Sabre's EAS solution goes, we looked at it, we think it's a good approach for the industry as a whole, both for large and small travel agencies. We are sending segments over to Sabre as we speak and we expect to do business with them because we think they've taken a pretty good approach.
Chris Gutek - Morgan Stanley: Thanks, Dara. You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Keung - CIBC World Markets.
Paul Keung - CIBC World Markets: Good morning. You mentioned earlier in the call that you are shifting some marketing spend from the second or third quarter in Europe. I guess in spite of today's news, as things in Europe start to slow a bit, do you still have the ability to slow that marketing spend in Europe, or have you committed a lot of money already?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Paul, we're pretty careful about our marketing spend and in Europe, we have a very, very disciplined team there. A fair amount of the marketing spend is online partner-type marketing spend, which is variable in nature. So to the extent that we spend it and the returns are not there, we can act very, very quickly and I'd say that's the majority of the day-to-day spend that we spend in Europe.  We do have some offline spend, TV spend, radio spend, and outdoor spend in various points of sales in Europe. So far -- again, taking the travel disturbances of last night --so far, we've been pleased with the results, but that doesn't speak to how the results are going to be going forward.  So while we're being careful not to commit huge loads of marketing spend, but obviously if there's some kind of a disruption, we may suffer one way or the other. Right now, it's too soon to tell and we'll have more obviously as the weeks and the months go on. But we're pretty confident in our overall approach there.
Paul Keung - CIBC World Markets: The second question had to do with you mentioned senior notes offering today and a larger buyback. Do you think the covenants of the new -- I noticed a lot of buybacks with those proceeds, and I guess from a strategic level or a financial level, how do you feel about buying back stock with debt?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sorry, but due to SEC regulations, we can't comment on that right now, but we can refer you to the 8-K that we filed this morning.
 Mike Adler: We're not trying to be cute, Paul, we just can't talk about it.
Paul Keung - CIBC World Markets: I understand, I should have thought about that it. I'll throw another question here then. Priceline reported earlier this week, I think you can see they've continued to put some good numbers in that second, third tier non-air market, and doing it essentially with partners. When I look at your European operations from your content, it is probably one area you are relatively underinvested in. Do you have any plans to address this hole in your distribution of content today?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think the way that we're approaching those markets is with Hotels.com first. So our having multiple brands in Europe is a real advantage for us. So Expedia tends to be a brand that is more associated with major airline/airlift so to speak and going into primary and secondary markets. But we can kind of get to those secondary and tertiary markets very quickly with Hotels.com, we're more focused on those markets I'd say now, than we have been in the past. I think you'll see increasing focus on those markets going forward with Hotels.com.  We then come in with Expedia sometimes to the extent that we can get airlift, and Expedia is also working pretty well in gaining airlift to second tier carriers in Europe as well. So we'll come in with Hotels and we'll follow-up with Expedia and we'll make the adequate investments there.
Paul Keung - CIBC World Markets: Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: Next question comes from Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray.
Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray: Great, thank you. A couple of questions. First, the international growth, it did slow and I think partly because of the reduced marketing, but also it looks like it's slower than the competitors.  One of them said they benefited from the World Cup. I want to see why you didn't benefit. Maybe it was the airlines bookings that were reduced.  Secondly, can you give us an update maybe where you're at in terms of the Japan expansion? Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as the international markets in Europe in particular, we were affected by World Cup. As to the specific effect, part of it depends on, I'd say the concentration in various marketplaces that we have versus one of our competitors.  So, for example, in the German marketplaces, Germans weren't traveling a whole lot with World Cup, but bookings going into Germany and certainly hotel bookings going into Germany benefited. It's hard to tell because different competitor have different mixes and that certainly affected the growth rates. Also, if you take a look at the dollar growth, we're obviously growing off of a much larger base and would say that probably in Europe if you compare us for example, to Priceline, we have a much larger air segment in our business and the air segment in our business is not growing nearly as quickly as the hotel segment, so there's an additional kind of mix issue there.
Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray: The increase in the raw margins, was that due to the change in the mix from airlines to hotels as well?
Dara Khosrowshahi: That was largely responsible for it. That's exactly right.  As far as Japan goes, we are working hard and our target launch date is towards the end of this year. So we've got a team in place, the management team is in place in Japan. We have a great APAC operation that has really executed very well in Australia and we're confident that we'll have a hotel-only site up in Japan later this year and we're confident that we'll grow it maybe slowly at first off of a small base, but certainly surely because we've done a pretty good job of being able to organically grow in these kinds of markets.
Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray: What is the competitive market like today in Japan?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Japan is a very different marketplace. It is dominated by very large package operators, the Japanese Tourist Board being the largest out there. Online penetration, it's actually very difficult to get data about the Japanese marketplace. Rakitan obviously is a big player in the online travel space there and it's a very different market than the markets that we see in the U.S., but our approach works pretty well in that the technology is essentially already paid for.  The Asia Pacific marketing team can work on variable marketing, online marketing so that we don't have to put out a bunch of brand marketing out there. The number of people that we actually have to have on the ground is pretty modest. So if we pay for translation, work on the site itself, we've got the supply, so we're able to get in with pretty modest costs and then we'll start spending variable marketing, we'll see what the returns are and we'll go from there.
Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray: Great, thank you.
Dara Khosrowshahi: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes form Marianne Wolk - Susquehanna.
Marianne Wolk - Susquehanna: Thanks. I had a couple of quick questions. First of all, can you give us a sense of the percentage of your mix now overseas coming from merchant bookings and to what extent it lags U.S. rates?  The second question I have was whether or not you could provide some more clarity on the deals you struck with US Airways and the other airlines, how many deals have you struck? How do those economics work relative to the existing plans that you have?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Now, what do you mean by merchant bookings in Europe, can you elaborate on what you're looking for?
Marianne Wolk - Susquehanna: Yes. Internationally, Merchant bookings are 40% worldwide, what does that rate look like overseas?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I see. Do we have that number, guys?
 Mike Adler: We haven't discussed that publicly, Marianne, at this time.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Okay, so, Marianne, that's a no. Sorry.
Marianne Wolk - Susquehanna: How about the other question about the clarity on the US Airways deal and just in general, the kinds of deals you're striking with the airlines directly?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Again, I'm very hesitant to discuss specific deals with airlines. What we love about the U.S. Air deal is that it's a five-year deal, it's a long-term deal similar to the deal, for example, that we struck with Continental and it has certain variable characteristics in it. So that to the extent that we are helping out U.S. Air, what they pay us perhaps goes up and to the extent that we're getting them traffic where they don't need a lot of help, payments perhaps go down. That's the general idea of the variable structures that we have in place.  But again, I don't want to get specific into US Air or Continental or some of the others that we have struck.
Marianne Wolk - Susquehanna: A final question then. Does the aggressive buyback say anything about your ability to find attractive M&A targets?
Dara Khosrowshahi: When we look at an M&A target, we take a look at that target and we say, well, how does that compare to our being able to allocate capital internally? Now, the benefit of an M&A target is that you're typically able to get some cost synergies out of it. The detriment of an M&A target is that it comes with real risks and it comes with real integration pain that I think you've seen in some of our competition as well.  So I think that right now based on all of the activity that we have internal to the Company and we are undertaking a number of initiatives out there, and based on the relative value of our own equity, which we consider pretty attractive, we've decided to allocate capital internally.  You can tell that we are being prudent, we are not spending all of our money, so to speak, and I think that the plan going forward is one of prudence and I would say opportunism based on what we see out there. Barry, I don't know if you want to add anything to that.
Barry Diller: Well, I would just add that, you never know what opportunities are around the corner. Having the amount of cash that we have and resources to cash is a good, solid thing for us, particularly long-term. Certainly we're always in one or two acquisition, I wouldn't call them formal discussions or anything like that, but we always have something on the horizon. Well only act if we think that again there is opportunity there and not only worth it, but one that we can handle.
Stu Haas: Thanks. Marianne, this is Stu. While we're not going to break out those specific numbers, I can tell you that the percentage mix for merchant hotel domestic/international is not greatly a different. Operator, can we take the next question.
Operator: Next question comes from Robert Peck - Bear Stearns.
Robert Peck - Bear Stearns: Hey, guys, just two quick questions. One, Dara, could you update us on the rewards program, what the status of that is, maybe try to give us a little bit of color exactly how that will look?  Two, on the ETC side, can you talk about the number of clients you have right now and what percent are in the Fortune 1000? Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. On the loyalty program, we are hard at work developing the technology and are on track to launch it later this year, although I think that it is going to be a soft launch. Again, we are going to be in test and learn mode. We'll do a soft launch. Obviously you launch a loyalty program in order to effect traveler behavior and part of it is to increase the loyalty of our travelers as far as having them come back. Part of that may be to get them to transact more frequently with us, and part of it may be to shift the kind of transactions that they transact with us from, call it lower-margin product to higher-margin product.  That's the goal of the loyalty program and we believe that during the soft launch, testing and learning will then enable us to go wide, much, much more effectively and get the kind of return that we want out of this kind of loyalty program. The ECT, I don't have the ECT numbers, guys, do you--.
Stu Haas: For ECT, the clients are approximately 3,000 and Fortune 1000 is less than 20%, 10% to 20%.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think historically, the sweet spot for ECT has been, call it the mid-sized corporation. But as we have built up the tool base at ECT and increased the feature sets that we have and also now introduced a real business intelligence function, which is automated great, great reporting capabilities that are totally automated; and a business intelligence function we will be adding to, we think that we become a whole lot more attractive to larger clients.  So I think on a go-forward basis, I'm hoping that you'll see more of a mix of larger travel clients as well although we will always get our share of small, medium enterprises because of the combination of great technology and costs that we have out there. What I'm really happy to report on ECT is that the metrics as far as our customer service metrics are radically improved, they are excellent. We are holding ourselves to a bar that I think is above the bar than a lot of other corporate travel providers and we are hitting those bars and I'm just ecstatic about the service levels. It can always get better, but we've done a lot better.
Robert Peck - Bear Stearns: A quick follow-up if I might, On the loyalty program, it seems like there's several different aspects to it. Is one aspect of it anything like an Expedia points, where it would be transferable against various suppliers?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I don't want to go into detail there, I'm sorry.
Stu Haas: Also, I'd like to clarify my response to the question on the ETC clients and the Fortune 1000 the number is 20 in the Fortune 500.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney - Citigroup.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: Two questions. First, Michael, just to get very specific about your September quarter revenue guidance, are you saying that we should expect revenue to decline sequentially given the Easter bump in June 2, and given the cutback in marketing spend in the June quarter?
 Mike Adler: No, I didn't. First of all, we don't give quarterly revenue expectations, but typically we do expect Q3 revenue to exceed Q2 revenue and I don't think there's anything different.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: Great. Then just to follow-up on one of the earlier questions about the loyalty program, a soft launch: does that mean just in the U.S. and the idea would be to roll that out internationally in '07? Or would it be a soft launch worldwide and whatever that would mean? Thank you.
 Mike Adler: It will be a U.S. launch. We don't have plans yet as far as what we do worldwide. So right now it's a U.S. initiative.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: One final question. Is there a way that you would quantify the GDS impact or how much revenue OIBA could be at risk with the GDS negotiations going on, or maybe answer the question by talking about the extent of the contribution to OIBA you've had in the past from GDS incentive fees?
Dara Khosrowshahi: We don't want to talk about the specifics regarding GDS incentives. I think that Travelocity in their call said that the Q2 revenues were $28 million or so from GDS incentives. Is that right, Stu?
Stu Haas: I think it's 16% in North American revenues.
Dara Khosrowshahi: So you can assume that the dollar amount that we make is higher, so the 16% is $28 million, the dollar amount that we have at Expedia is higher than the $28 million, but the percentage of our total revenue is lower than Travelocity's because obviously we do a whole lot more hotel business than they do. Is that clear, Mark? So the dollar number is bigger than Travelocity's, the percentage would be lower. So that's all we'll say.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: That's clear, thank you very much.
Dara Khosrowshahi: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Anmuth - Lehman Brothers.
Doug Anmuth - Lehman Brothers: I wanted to ask about your packaging business. It looks like it's held actually over the last few years in the low 20s as a percentage of revenue. Looks like it's a pretty important piece of the story in the back half of this year. I'm just curious what initiatives you're taking, what else you can do to improve the packaging business or if it's strictly just pretty much based on price right now in the market. Thanks.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Well, Doug, I think one of the issues on packaging is that the relative attractiveness of packaged products increases to the extent that we're able to secure bulk fares from our airline partners. As load factors have increased in the industry, especially as you get into summer travel, the percentage of bulk fares that we get from our airline partners decreases, which then make the discounts that we can offer for our packaged products relative to lets say if you bought the components separately, it reduces those discounts.  So packages as an overall choice for consumers, becomes relatively less attractive. That's just a fact of life, I think you heard it with some of our competitors as well. Which is, if there are less bulk fares packages again become a bit less attractive. That said, we are very actively look at how we can push package revenue growth and I do think that we are going to be more aggressive going forward on promoting our packages and also pricing our packages as well, because we think it's a terrific product and we think it's a good traveler kind of experience and it's something that we do want to get in front of our travelers.
Doug Anmuth - Lehman Brothers: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Justin Post - Merrill Lynch.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Dara, it looks like 2Q may have beat your expectations coming out of 1Q, but your year is unchanged. Were you able to step up your investments in the second half on the back of some pretty good 2Q results?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Justin, we try not to run the business on a quarterly basis. So we're happy with Q2 results. They certainly beat Street expectations. Q2 came in stronger than we expected as well. We're certainly happy with those results. As far as, has it changed the way that we invest? I don't think so. We knew that going into this year was going to be a heavy investment year and the investments that we are making tend to be multi-quarter investments and in some cases, even multi-year investments. One good quarter isn't really going to help you speed one up or slow one down.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: On the gross margin, the results look pretty good to us. Was that due to the mix, or were you seeing real cost improvements already in that line?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I would say primarily, it is mix at this time. We do expect to see improvements start to filter into the business by Q4 and then more impactfully next year.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Last question, on the advertising revenues, I believe Dara at a conference you might have said that advertising was up to 5% of revenues. If you want to just update us on that, I know some of that is inter-company, but with the TripAdvisor traffic looking really good, could you talk about what the contribution is and how that's affecting net revenue rates?
Dara Khosrowshahi: TripAdvisor revenue growth continues to grow with the traffic growth as well so we're very, very happy about that. But to some extent the growth that you see in that revenue is also eliminated inside our numbers as well. So if you look at advertising as a percentage of our overall revenue, I do think that going forward it will be a higher percentage of our revenue over some long-term period. And obviously that will be a help as far as our raw margins go. I think that was the question you were asking, Justin, is that right?
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Yes. Did it have a material affect net of elimination on raw margins? Or was it still pretty small at this point?
Dara Khosrowshahi: It did not have a material impact on our revenue margins.
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Great, thank you. That answers the question.
Operator: We have time for one final question and our final question comes from Heath Terry - Credit Suisse.
Heath Terry - Credit Suisse: Great, thank you. When you look at your international revenue growth that you saw this quarter, is there a way that you can give us an idea of whether there was any significant change in the breakdown? What percentage of that originated or was purchased in the U.S. versus Europe to help give us an idea of the impact of World Cup?
Dara Khosrowshahi: When we give you international revenue, that's revenue that's originating from Europe.
 Mike Adler: Point of sale.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. So it's based on the point of sale. It's not based on what we call point of supply. So it would be affected by the World Cup. It is very, very difficult to truly identify the World Cup event, but we would guess that it's under $20 million in gross bookings.
Heath Terry - Credit Suisse: Great. Thank you, that's very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'll turn it back to Stu Haas for closing comments.
Stu Haas: Thank you for joining us on the call today and for your questions. A replay will be available on the Investor Relations website shortly after the completion of this call. We appreciate your interest in Expedia Inc. and look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thanks for your time.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That concludes the Expedia second quarter 2006 conference call. We thank you again and at this time you may disconnect.

===== 2006 Q1  (2006-05-11 20:15:00) =====
Executives: Barry Diller - Chairman and Senior Executive Dara Khosrowshahi - Chief Executive Officer Stu Haas - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Heath Terry - Credit Suisse First Boston Robert Peck - Bear Stearns Doug Elix - Lehman Brothers Justin Post - Merrill Lynch Mark Mahaney - Citigroup Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs Chris Dupuy- Morgan Stanley Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray Michael Millman - Soleil Securities
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Expedia Inc. First Quarter 2006 Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following today's presentation, instructions will be given for the question and answer session. If anyone should require operator assistance during the conference, please press the star key, followed by the zero. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded today, Thursday, May 11th, of 2006.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Stu Haas, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Stu Haas: Good afternoon, and welcome to Expedia Inc.'s financial results conference call for the first quarter ended March 31st, 2006. Joining me on today's call are Barry Diller, Expedia's chairman and senior executive; and Dara Khosrowshahi, our CEO.  The following discussion and responses to your questions reflect management's views as of today, May 11, 2006 only. As always, some of the statements made on today's call are forward-looking, including our comments on financial expectations, our operational performance and margins, planned investments and spending, platform improvements, systems upgrades, growth of business lines, financial performance, and dilution. Actual results may differ materially. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information to reflect future events or circumstances.  Please refer to today's press release and the company's filings with the SEC, including our form 10K for the year ended December 31st, 2005, for additional information about factors that could potentially affect our financial and operational results.  During this call, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures, including OIBA, free cash flow, adjusted net income, and adjusted EPS. In our press release, which is posted on the company's IR website at expediainc.com/ir, you will find additional disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including reconciliations of these measures with the most comparable GAAP measures. We encourage you to review the section entitled Basis of Presentation in today's earnings release for more details on how we are presenting results for some periods.  Finally, unless otherwise stated, all comparisons in this call will be against our results for the comparable period of 2005. With that, let me turn the call over to Dara. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Stu, and thank you to everyone for making the time to join us on the call today. There is no sugar coating the fact that the first quarter of 2006 was a disappointing one for Expedia. While we largely planned for the increased expense levels that we deliver today, gross bookings, and to a greater extent revenues, were short of our expectations.  The net result is that operating income before amortization declined 35% versus Q1 '05, more than we had anticipated. In light of this decline and continued top-line softness in Q2, we will not meet our expectation of a first-half OIBA decline in the high negative single digits.  What I would like to spend my time on today is explaining in greater detail what happened during the quarter to cause the shortfall, and what the company is doing about it both in the short term and long term. I will then close with updated expectations for full-year 2006 results before turning things over to Barry.  Let me start with gross bookings. The gross booking softness in Q1 versus our expectations was concentrated in our domestic operations, with the bulk of the shortfall occurring at our flagship Expedia.com brand due to traffic and lower conversion rates.  Traffic was the largest contributor to our miss in Q1. On the one hand, our aspirational, enjoy-your-trip marketing campaign was very successful in increasing awareness for Expedia and improving traveler attitudes towards Expedia as a site they would recommend. These are clearly good trends for us to be driving over the long-term.  On the other hand, and the more important hand, the campaign did not drive enough incremental unique users and shoppers to our site during the quarter. Shopper shortfall was particularly acute in our packaging product shopping pass, where we generate the greatest gross bookings and revenue dollars per transaction.  Adding to this were weaker-than-expected results from third party distribution channels, including MSN, and a private-label business, which taken together drove nearly 30% less transaction volume in Q1 '06 than in Q1 '05. Traffic from our new MSN deal is significantly below our expectations, and less than traffic that we have generated from MSN in years and quarters past. This is particularly painful, as we enjoy less favorable economics under our new deal. We will continue to work constructively with MSN on this matter, but it is not something that we expect to remedy overnight.  The second area hampering Expedia.coms gross bookings relates to conversion rates. In addition to less merchant air available to construct attractive package offerings, we believe conversion rates were negatively impacted by a number of factors, including reduced site availability, increased competition, higher supplier pricing, and tight inventory in select markets, and lower airlift into certain markets.  Unfortunately, the gross bookings shortfall was exacerbated by a decline in our revenue margins. Our worldwide revenue margin was down 125 basis points year over year, principally due to lower domestic hotel room margins, higher domestic airfares, which increase gross bookings but have little impact on revenue, and lower air revenue per ticket.  We certainly have planned for reduction in revenue margin in Q1, but we experienced a greater increase in airfares than expected. For Expedia.com, airfares were up some 13%. Hotel margins in particular were down more than expected due to several factors, including slightly elongated booking windows, a greater mix of chain hotels that tend to carry lower raw margins, as well as some short-term affects for moving hotels.com on to a common platform with Expedia.com that should work itself out in the second half of the year.  Lastly, we had some challenges in a few markets, where we experienced some inventory compressions and where we are actively broadening our hotel base.  We do expect raw margin comps to improve as the year progresses and as we execute on these initiatives, and particularly as we move into the back half of the year, where we have easier comps on chain deals that were renewed at less advantageous terms in the second half of 2005. Many of these chain deals are long-term.  So what else are we doing to address the top-line shortfalls during the remainder of 2006? Well, one thing we will certainly be doing is addressing the top of the funnel with changes to our marketing approach. We are aggressively shifting our media mix and messaging to deliver a much more promotional and local marketing impact.  We have developed and are now actively developing advertising five new destination-specific package promotions via radio, print, e-mail, and on our website.  We will also place a real emphasis on the specific benefits of shopping Expedia, including our best price guarantee and book-together-and-save packaging messaging, shifting more travelers into the valuable packages purchase shopping pass.  Our price guarantee is the travel industry's most comprehensive and valuable guarantee, applicable to all products, including packages, and offering not just a price match but a $50 travel voucher on top of it.  In a world of rapidly rising travel prices, ever-increasing transparency and narrowing differentiation amongst the travel sites, we think it is important to emphasize this meaningful advantage for travelers shopping Expedia.  We are also executing effectively in our search engine marketing efforts, and we plan to build on the success of our air shopper e-mail campaigns, with similar efforts targeting those searching but not purchasing packages, and stand-alone merchant hotels.  We are hopeful that these actions on the marketing front will help us reverse the shortfall in shoppers that we witnessed in Q1 and early Q2 by increasing the quality and quantity of traffic. But we will also carefully monitor the overall marketing spends and pull back as appropriate to the extent that we do not see adequate returns for our incremental investment dollars.  As it relates to improving our content, our partner services group is aggressively approaching our supplier partners to find inventory to enhance our package offerings as well as diversify our inventory sourcing in select markets.  Just today, we announced that we begun flowing segments to Amadeus for our European points of sale. This relationship will enhance our air supply content for travelers, and offers greater options for Expedia regarding our airline connectivity. While we think that these steps are incrementally helpful, we do not think that they are any silver bullets for near-term success, nor do we want to do anything to significantly compromise our existing business model for the sake of short-term results.  What Q1 really has done for Expedia is to reemphasize the critical need for the investments that we are undertaking to improve our world-class technology platforms and infrastructure, and to transform our company into a world-class retailer of travel products and services.  While we continue to believe the bulk of the benefit from these investments will manifest themselves in 2007 and 2008, during the first quarter, we did make meaningful, behind-the-scenes strides in our Apollo integration efforts, our Enterprise data warehouse, and our technology platform.  On Apollo, for instance, we continue to believe that we can drive at least $50 million in annual operating income before amortization improvement from these initiatives, with the beginning fruits of our labor appearing at the end of this year and into 2007.  We centralized some functional areas across the company, reducing duplicate efforts and we have identified five major workstreams, which are now fully scoped, with business sponsors appointed and executing.  While in no way wishing to minimize the disappointment in this quarter, and the challenging year ahead, I do want to spend some time highlighting the strides that we made across our brand portfolio. Hotels.com continued its successful rebranding effort, improving U.S. conversion year on year, and turning in a solid 21% growth in worldwide gross bookings this quarter, its fifth straight quarter of accelerating growth.  Hotwire has continued to execute in a very challenging air environment. High low factors mean greatly diminished inventory allocations for our opaque and semi-opaque air business, but on the plus side, the business has become successfully diversified on top of its core air products, with car rentals booming and our hotel products showing early signs of success. We hope to build on our momentum with improved mapping features that highlight landmarks and other points of interest to give travelers much more information to assess hotel stays. Additionally, travelers can enter specific addresses to determine which Hotwire hotel in the neighborhood best fits their location needs.  TripAdvisor continues on its growth path, having grown its traveler reviews and opinions from 1 million to over 4 million in a little over a year. In the process, TripAdvisor has become the worlds second-most visited travel domain, with nearly 20 million unique monthly visitors, and our team continues to aggressively innovate at a rapid pace, recently introducing wiki functionality in the form of TripAdvisor Inside.  Travelers can now collaboratively add and edit content on over 23,000 destinations, creating a truly unique asset for travelers the world over. This is what Web 2.0 is all about. Expedia Corporate Travel had another solid quarter, breaking the $250 million barrier in quarterly gross bookings for the very first time. For the second quarter in a row, we added new clients who historically made nearly $100 million in annual travel expenditures, and just this week, ECT unveiled its most recent round of technical innovations, introducing improvements to its already industry-leading reporting functionality.  While we were originally premature in predicting great things for ECT, I also think it is safe to say that the business is gaining real traction and has solid, solid momentum behind it.  Our international points of sale hit 25% of worldwide gross bookings for the first time ever this quarter, and while our overall growth was down sequentially to 26%, we believe that our FX adjusted gross of 34% is solid performance, in light of our large gross bookings base, is higher than similarly thought competitors, and is comparable to the organic growth levels that we saw in the second half of 2005, after adjusting those periods for both FX and acquisitions.  From a diversification standpoint, while Expedia.co.uk is still our largest international point of sale, strong growth in these other countries and brands has allowed us to reduce the booking share of Expedia.co.uk to just one-third of Q1 international bookings.  While we will see some softness in Q2 bookings with the World Cup happening, we are hopeful for a stronger second half of the year in Europe, and we will continue to invest aggressively in newer markets, expanding our product offerings and building brand awareness. We will look to establish product offerings in even more countries going forward, including Japan this fourth quarter.  I would like to close with our expectations for full-year 2006. As I mentioned at the outset, we will not achieve high negative single-digit decline in OIBA for the first half of the year. That said, we do continue to believe OIBA growth in the back half of the year will be positive. For the year as a whole, we now expect OIBA to decline between 15% and 5%.  This is certainly not performance that we are pleased with, but it does reflect the reality of the top line challenges we will face in the near-term, at the same time as we are making significant investments for the future.  We believe the short-term initiatives mentioned earlier will be incrementally helpful this year, and we are even more convinced, in light of our results, that the root causes, that we are making the right strategic investments now and during the next few years to meaningfully grow free cash flow and earnings.  In addition to our focus on maximizing shareholder value by growing free cash flow, we're also mindful of other inputs to shareholder returns, such as efficiently managing net dilution from employee equity awards, which we have targeted to keep to 1% or less per annum. We have also been consistent in pledging to return excess cash to our shareholders. In keeping with this, our board has authorized a buy-back of up to 20 million shares of our common stock.  I would like to thank everyone for your time today, and for your continued interest in Expedia. I will now turn the call over to Barry for some closing thoughts ahead of Q&A. 
Barry Diller : Thank you. I emphatically echo Daras disappointment. We simply must do better, and we will. In the interim, what is there that investors should feel good about? The truth is, there is meaningful momentum building across the enterprise. Despite the near-term turmoil, investors should not lose sight of Expedias vast leadership position in the online travel space.  Our competitors may show gaudier growth rates than Expedia, but they are operating off of much smaller bases. Despite our head winds, we continue to add gross booking dollars year on year at a comparable level to our competitors in markets across the globe. We will do better, but it is not as though we are lagging behind.  This year is going to be a rough year for Expedia, but sometimes you have to take a step backwards in order to leap forward. From the winds of the internet revolution, we have built a wonderful business. But, with inevitable competition that this early success attracted, the revolution itself is not going to carry us far enough or is going to make us worthy of much interest.  But what will accomplish both is our succeeding in becoming a first-in-class travel merchant, a true retailer rather than a transaction processor. Toward that end, we are convinced that the investments Dara has highlighted are the right ones to make on behalf of our travelers, our supplier partners, and our long-term stockholders.  These initiatives will not be either inexpensive, nor are they going to have immediate returns, but they are absolutely essential if we are going to continue the company's leadership position and capture more of the immense opportunity encased in this huge global travel industry.  We have a great past, a very challenging present, and a future that is not yet in evidence -- the kind of environment that demands strategic clarity and exceptional execution, and I am convinced that Dara and his team have both in hand.  So enough with these formal remarks from Dara and myself. Ill stop talking and let's begin the questions. Stu.
Stu Haas: Thanks, Barry. Let's move on to the Q&A portion of the call with Barry and Dara. As a reminder, please limit yourself to one or two questions so we can fit more questioners into the call today. Operator, will you please remind our listeners how to ask a question.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we will begin the question and answer session.  (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Heath Terry with Credit Suisse First Boston. Please go ahead. 
Heath Terry - Credit Suisse First Boston: I was wondering if you could talk to us a little bit about the decline in conversion rate, and maybe a little more on what you think the specific drivers behind that could have been, particularly if you can give us an idea of whether or not you believe the direct channel, people using Expedia for pricing information and then going directly to the airlines or hotel sites is becoming a bigger issue. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: Heath, it is very difficult to tell exactly what is happening to conversion rates because it is a mix of exogenous factors and it could be a mix of internal factors, so we certainly see increased competition from supplier direct, from other OLTAs, as it relates to us, especially in the packages path. The other OLTAs, as far as their messaging, are much more focused on packaging messaging.  Our older, prior kind of marketing messages were much more focused on packaging, and our marketing message at least in Q1 was much more general. So I do think there is certainly an element of more competition there from other online travel agents, as well as supplier direct, but it is really hard for us to exactly quantify that.  There were also some specific issues having to do with our site, ways in which that we do think that we an execute better on conversion, both from a technology standpoint, from a supply standpoint, and those are short-term issues that we are working on. But we certainly do not expect the competition to get any easier going forward. 
Heath Terry - Credit Suisse First Boston: Great. Thank you. 
Stu Haas: Thanks, Heath. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Peck with Bear Stearns. Please go ahead.
Robert Peck - Bear Stearns: Hi, this is Anthony, in for Robert Peck, who is traveling. I have two quick questions, just following from the last question. I wanted to know if you could discuss the level of competition with international business. I think last quarter you talked about increased competition from tour operators. I wanted to get some more color there. How has that landscape changed? If you could focus in particular on the German market. I think the last quarter you also talked about that market was particularly weak. I wanted to know what has changed in Q1.  Second question, you stated the reasons for the decline in revenue margins this quarter was due to pressures on the hotel raw margins. I wanted to know if you could discuss the magnitude of that decline. I thought that was largely behind us. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as the international marketplace, the competitive environment, especially in Europe, really has not changed significantly from what we are seeing this quarter versus Q4. I would say the greatest area of competition, and I think that you heard it in the Travelocity call as well, is in packages, both in dynamic packages and pre-packaged product.  In Germany specifically, we do sell a fair amount of third-party packages as well, and it is a very, very competitive package market, and we are feeling the competition as well. I think if you compare us to the other online travel agencies, especially Last Minute, we sell a higher percentage of what I will call dynamically packaged product, which is our own product that we are putting together through our own supply team, so I do not think that we will be feeling quite the pain that Last Minute at least indicated in their last call, that they were feeling.  That said, we are pretty hopeful in Europe. The management team has really come together behind Dermott and team. The U.K. is executing really, really well. That said, we are diversifying in some of the other countries, and we are seeing very, very solid growth in a lot of second-tier continental markets out there.  Also, hotels.com in Europe is doing great. We have a great team there. The growth rates are very, very high, and we are actually working on some technology improvements that hopefully will help us out in the second half of the year.  So overall, I would say competitive marketplace, nothing has changed. We are certainly seeing the OLTAs of the world very much focused on the online marketplace, but we have a team that is executing pretty well.  I think that your second question was on hotel raw margins, and what we saw there. I think that the issue, we certainly did see higher-than-expected decreases in hotel raw margins this quarter, perhaps than we expected. It was due to a number of factors, which we believe as the year progresses are going to ease up.  The first issue, as it relates to lower hotel raw margins is that we are comping against the Q1 last year, when we had some older chain deals in place. As the year goes on, and especially in the second half of the year, we will be comping against the same chain deals, and they are typically longer-term deals, that we signed in the second half of the year. So you are not going to see the same kind of year over year delta.  We did see some pressure in certain markets, as far as raw margins go, and our partner supply group is pretty actively managing those markets, broadening our hotel supply base in some of those markets to get some, just to improve our raw margin position going forward.  Then the last piece is also that as hotels.com has come on to the Expedia.com supply platform and has gotten access to chain inventory that it did not have access to, you are getting a higher mix of chains, which is hurting the hotels.com raw margins. Now, it is good business, it is new business for us. It helps the gross bookings numbers, and it certainly helped out the acceleration that you are seeing in hotels.com gross bookings. From a raw margins standpoint, you are going to see lower revenue margins. 
Robert Peck - Bear Stearns: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Elix with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Doug Elix - Lehman Brothers: Thank you. I have a couple of questions. The first one is regarding revenue per air ticket. I am wondering if the decline, the 9% year over year decline in revenue per air ticket already reflects new airline and GDS agreements, or is it fair to think we have not yet really seen the potential impact in the numbers? My second question is regarding the trends throughout the quarter, which you reported 4Q results on February 15th, so I am just curious, did you really see things deteriorate in the back-half of 1Q? Thank you. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: I will take on the revenue per air ticket first. The revenue per air ticket, if you look in the past couple of quarters, has been pretty consistently sliding down between 9% and 11% over the past couple of quarters.  That does reflect, obviously, conversations that we are having with airlines, but it does not reflect any fundamental changes in GDS economics as it relates to us. I think you are pretty familiar with the GDS negotiations with airlines, and to the extent that those negotiations affect our economics, and it would stand to reason that they would affect our economics in one way or the another, we would expect to see that in the second half of the year.  All of that said, we are in our own conversations with our air partners as well, and those conversations are ongoing. We expect to see news come out sometime this year, and hopefully earlier rather than later, regarding those conversations. So those may have some affect on our revenue per air ticket as well.  Second question, as far as the trends throughout the quarter, we did see I think in general, in January, from a bookings revenue standpoint, was stronger than the other months of the year. So we were somewhat surprised, obviously. When we talked to you and reported Q4 numbers, we were using our latest expectations, and certainly from a raw margins standpoint, and from a volume standpoint, we did see some deterioration. 
Doug Elix - Lehman Brothers: Thank you. 
Stu Haas: Thanks, Doug. Operator, can we have the next question, please?
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Justin Post of Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead. 
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: First, on the international, can you give us any insight into the mix between U.K. and continental Europe, and any areas that underperformed or outperformed your expectations?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I would say that in general, the U.K. gross bookings have been growing at a slower base than the balance of continental Europe. I think that is a common theme that you have heard from the other OLTAs, and Expedia.co.uk now accounts for a third of our gross bookings. Historically, that has been much higher.  Continental Europe broadly has been strong for us, to some extent with the exception of Germany, which has been a pretty tough market. Now we did see some signs of stability in the German market. We are pretty confident of the management there, but I would say the rest of continental Europe has been really, really solid and France, Italy, Netherlands, all have had growth rates over 40% on a year over year basis, so very, very healthy growth rates. Again, the hotels.com business, actually both in the U.K. and across Europe, is just doing very well. We are quite happy with it. 
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: One other question. Your hotel partners are still doing pretty positive on Expedia. It looks like in the quarter, some share loss with some of the other companies in the U.S. Can you just remind us of your competitive advantage to the hotels, what you offer them? Do you think part of the reason of the relative growth rates is that they are just opening distribution through more travel partners online?
Dara Khosrowshahi: Well, listen, one thing that you should know is if you look at the room night growth that we reported this quarter at 11%, it was actually higher than the room night growth that we had in Q4, which I think was around 9%. If you track this through the past couple of quarters, our room night growth has actually been accelerating.  Now, we are the incumbent as far as the merchant hotel business out there, and our competitors are competing off of much smaller base, so I think it is a lot easier for them to show higher growth rates. They do have an audience of, kind of an air audience coming in there, and it is natural for them to be able to translate that air audience into hotel buyers as well.  We did that two or three years ago, so we do not have that kind of an advantage. So I think it is just a natural progression. They are growing off of a much smaller base, but as far as the kind of partners that we are with our hotel chains, I think you have seen evidence of a number of long-term deals that we have signed with almost all of the large chains. I think that is a pretty good indication of our value with those chains. 
Justin Post - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Mahaney with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: Thank you. I just wanted to ask about marketing. I think you had mentioned or expressed some past frustration or you have seen underperformance from the MSN channel. You have been advertising and marketing with MSN for years. To what extent do you consider a complete change in that strategy, either another portal or a significant shift in marketing dollars away from the portal deals and more towards other things, search advertising, etc.? Thank you. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: Listen, MSN has been a long-term partner for us. This company, Expedia at least was part of MSN, grew up with MSN, and I am anticipating that we are going to be partners with MSN forever. That said, the performance over that channel, MSN launched kind of a new travel channel. They have been making a significant number of changes to the MSN channel in general, and I think that with change comes unpredictability, and with those kinds of changes, we have seen some differences, some negatives in transaction levels.  We are always looking for new channels of distribution. We are always looking for new ways of spending our marketing. So to the extent that we see volumes fall off in the MSN channel, we are going to be spending, looking at -- we are going to be looking at search engine marketing channels. We have been very, very aggressively increasing our e-mail marketing efforts as well. But frankly, those are efforts that we would undertake anyway, whether or not MSN was weak or strong.  So net net, we are going to work closely with them. I think we have had a great partnership with them and we expect to have a great partnership with them going forward. 
Mark Mahaney - Citigroup: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Anthony Noto with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. A couple of questions about the traffic. Could you tell us exactly how much the MSN traffic missed your expectations by, and how much of a decline on a year over year basis? The reason I ask that is because obviously this business is going to remain under pressure based on your guidance for the next quarter. We are just trying to figure out how you are going to replace that traffic and how much of it you have to replace, and how much it is going to cost.  So the two specific questions are how much did it miss by, relative to your expectations, and how much did it decline year over year?
Dara Khosrowshahi: The decline I believe was approximately 30% on a year over year basis. I want to make sure that is the right number, and hopefully we will find out.  As to our expectations, honestly, I do not think that we had an expectation that MSN traffic would decline. 
Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: Do you have a sense of what percent MSN traffic accounted for of your total traffic? That will help us figure out where you have to go find it someplace else, because it does not sound like they are changing that channel anytime soon. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: That is not something that we would want to disclose, Anthony. 
Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: The guidance kind of implies you have to do about $200 million of EBITDA or OIBA in the second quarter. If I were to assume flat revenue growth year over year, it does
Dara Khosrowshahi: Anthony, say that again? I am sorry. I did not hear what you said. 
Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: I think your guidance implies that you need about $200 million of OIBA in the second quarter to get to a 7% year over year decline in the first half of the year. Is that accurate?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think what we said, Anthony, as far as our expectation, was that we are not going to get to a high, single-digit first-half decline. So we are not going to hit that number. For the full year -- for the full year, we expect that OIBA is going to decline between 5% and 15%. 
Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: I understand now. I thought the guidance was for the first half. Okay, that clarifies it. Thank you. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: Just a correction of something I said on room night growth. Last year, total room night growth was 11%. This quarter, our room night growth was around 11%, so we are pretty consistent with where we were last year. 
Anthony Noto - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Chris Dupuy with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Chris Dupuy- Morgan Stanley: Thank you. A couple questions. Dara, I guess digging a little bit deeper, parsing through the issues impacting the U.S. growth and the disappointment there, what percentage of the disappointment would you say would come from external factors, specifically competition, as opposed to internal factors that would include lower advertising spending several quarters ago, as well as the new campaign and the marketing that you might want to tweak going forward? 
Dara Khosrowshahi: Chris, it is really hard to analytically kind of assign an external factor versus an internal factor. I do not know any way of really giving you a true answer there. The best that I could tell you is that the competition is certainly significant. It has been consistent, so I do not think that from a quarter to quarter basis, this quarters competition was that much worse than prior quarters, although on a package path, and our package products in particular, is experiencing some difficult. In packages, we do see a lot more competition, both in terms of competitive advertising and also in terms of competitive pricing as well.  As far as our disappointment versus our expectation, I would say that the majority of the disappointment, at least versus our internal expectations, did come from the traffic shortfall versus what we were expecting to see. One, traffic shortfall, and also the mix of transactions that we saw.  So it is a combination of factors. You put that all together with a revenue margin shortfall that we saw, and you get to a pretty disappointing quarter. 
Chris Dupuy- Morgan Stanley: Just a follow-up on that, as you kind of look at the implications going forward for the companys advertising and marketing spending, I know you said as a percent of revenue, it will be going up. Are you thinking about a meaningful increase versus the prior budget, or are you really talking about a small tweak?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think that versus prior budget, if anything, we will bring sales and marketing spend down. The one thing that we are going to do is a significant amount of the marketing spend that you saw in Q1 was in the first two months, it was TV spending, it was locked and loaded, it was committed significantly prior to any time at which we could react and either push forward or pull back.  So one change in strategy as far as our marketing spend going forward is going to be not to commit as much as we did, and to be able to either push up our marketing spend or pull it back, depending on its relative success, or lack of success. 
Chris Dupuy- Morgan Stanley: Great. One quick final follow-up to an earlier question, to be clear on what your expectation is for the revenue margin. Certainly there are a lot of moving parts short-term. Is the expectation longer term still that the revenue margins can hold relatively steady once you work through some issues here?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think that on the hotel front, from a long-term basis, we have been cycling through and coming to agreement with basically every major hotel chain, with the exception of ISG. The majority of these deals have been multi-year deals, and the majority of these deals, to the extent they are multi-year deals, the revenue margins are defined now and will be relatively stable going forward. Some of them are variable based on performance, so revenue margins may go up or down.  Those deals are going to work their way through on a comparable basis towards the second half of the year, so we do see revenue margin comp getting better as the year progresses, and hopefully next year, assuming that the environment does not change significantly, we would expect to see better trends.  What I cannot tell you much about is air. Our air margins depend to a significant degree on negotiations at the GDS, that they are having with the big airlines, and also partnership discussions that we are having right now with our air partners as well. That is going to be a variable that we cannot really control. 
Chris Dupuy- Morgan Stanley: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Imran Khan with J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead. 
Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan: Hello, good afternoon. A couple of questions. First, it seems like it is hard to point out the impact of competition on your conversion rate. What specific confidence that your conversion rate can improve over the next three to six months from where it is? Secondly, you announced a 20 million share buy-back program. Should we take that as a signal that you will not be acquisitive, and if so, why? Why do you not think that you will be acquisitive when considering the competition in the marketplace? Thank you. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as competition goes, and their effect on conversion rates, we have a number of short-term initiatives to improve those conversion rates. It is a variety of factors, which is tweaking the site, optimizing the performance of the site, and really testing various features, consumer features, pricing, etc., in a really, really focused way to try to improve our conversion and performance of the site itself. We have a great team of our North American retail folks, who are working really closely together with the product folks on a daily basis, very much focused on this.  It is my expectation that this team, because I know them, are going to improve and are going to execute. As for competition, what they do, I really cannot anticipate. I am certainly not anticipating the competition is going to get any easier, but we are hard at work. We are very much focused on the conversion rate. We are very much focused on our performance, and it is my expectation, and I guess it should be shareholders expectation, that we execute on it. 
Barry Diller: I did not understand the second question. 
Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan: The second question is your share buy-back announcement. Is it a signal that you will not be intending to acquire your competitors? If so, the market is very competitive, so why are you not being very acquisitive?
Barry Diller: Well, first of all, it is not a signal of anything. We have no debt. We have substantial cash built up. We have substantial capacity. So if there is an acquisition that we think is of interest to the company, which has decent values, we will go ahead and do it.  We accumulate cash for the purposes of investing in our business, which includes acquisitions, and/or we, beyond that, repatriation. At this stage, we are announcing a buy-back because it is the sensible thing to do. 
Imran Khan - J.P. Morgan: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Aaron Kessler with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray: Question is, given the current difficulties in the macro trends that you are facing in terms of the competition with other third party agencies and the suppliers, what kind of initiatives should we expect from you over the next six months or a year, or how long is it really going to take to change a users behavior on when they purchase travel through Expedia or another third party? Thank you. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think that there are a bunch of short-term initiatives that I talked a little bit about, and I think if you look at what we did with hotels.com, hotels.com late last year was having negative gross bookings growth. We focused on the business. We focused on the brand, its definition, we focused on the website and re-launched it. I think we have had pretty good traction.  With Expedia, I think it is a matter of focus and execution on the near term, and certainly we expect our results for the balance of the year to be significantly better than the results that we saw in Q1. Then, as far as the long-term investments that we have made, I think I have outlined quite a few of them. They are big, iron investments, so to speak.  They take significant amounts of time to organize and execute on, but it is not a theory. We are in the middle of executing on these initiatives. The technology platform is being worked on. The Apollo initiatives are organized and we are executing on those. We are building the enterprise data warehouse, and we expect to see those benefits coming in in '07 and '08. They are in progress now and they are being executed on now. 
Barry Diller: I would only add that on competition, we are double-size the next competitor, and it is not that our competitors are not doing somewhat better, but the issues for Expedia are more self-inflicted, either because of the investments, elective, or because of some of the things that Dara has gone over. 
Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray: Great. Any update on the loyalty program, in terms of a timetable for that? 
Dara Khosrowshahi: We will have one out by the end of the year. 
Aaron Kessler - Piper Jaffray: Great, thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Millman with Soleil Securities. Please go ahead. 
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Thank you. In terms of long-term investment, I was surprised to see that in fact, big increases in marketing, big increases in G&A, but flat in IT, whereas I would have assumed to see a big increase. Maybe you could talk about whether your investment going forward will include IT or the investment is meant basically for other purposes, other places.  Secondly, surprised that I think you indicated that you saw the largest share of your hotels with chains, and would have thought that, on one hand, with the higher occupancy rate on chains, it would be more difficult to increase your share with chains. On the other hand, with your partner program, you would have gone out and made more deals with non-chains, and that would show up. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: Let me start from the top. As far as the IT and technology investment goes, we are making significant investments there. A fair amount of those investments are being capitalized, so you are not going to see them hit the P&L. They will hit the P&L as those numbers are depreciated, but our CapEx this year is going to be up around -- I think CapEx year on year was up around 13%, and that should be somewhat reflective of the investments that we are making on the technology and IT side.  A second part of that is, on investments that we are making, like re-platforming, you know, we are actually taking existing employees and we are redirecting their work towards some of the re-platforming work. So that will not reflect itself in an increase at that particular activity. It would not reflect itself in an increase in, call it product development or IT costs, but it would hit us from a cost perspective as far as those folks not being able to work on, let's say, near-term consumer advantages or the next thing.  So a fair amount of our firepower, so to speak, is pointed at the re-platform, and it takes away from things that we might have otherwise done that might bring the returns, but it does not necessarily increase overall costs.  As far as the chains go, I was specifically referring to hotels.com, and hotels.com as it has come on to the Expedia inventory platform. If you remember, classically hotels.com tended to work a lot more with independent hotels. As it has come on to the Expedia.com platform, it has gotten more access to chain inventory, and on average is experiencing a higher mix of chain inventory than it experienced a year ago. With hotels.com gross bookings growing at the rate that it's growing, there is a higher mix there of hotels.com bookings overall. 
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Would that suggest then that Expedia.com's at least hotel raw margins then did not decline, or maybe even increased? 
Dara Khosrowshahi: No. Expedia.com raw margins again this quarter are comping against last year's quarter, in which they have some older chain deals in place. So in the second half of the year, as we signed the new chain deals, the comps are going to get easier, but in this quarter, on a comp-to-comp basis, Expedia.com's merchant hotel margin did decrease. 
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Basically you are saying that there was no shift in their mix between chains and independents?
Dara Khosrowshahi: I do not think that there was any significant shift between chains and independents from an Expedia.com standpoint. 
Michael Millman - Soleil Securities: Thank you. 
Stu Haas: Thanks, Mike. 
Operator:
Stu Haas: Thank you for joining us on the call today, and for your questions. A replay of this call will be available on our investor relations website shortly after the completion of the call. We appreciate your interest in Expedia, and look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the Expedia Inc. First Quarter 2006 Conference Call. Thank you again for your participation, and at this time, you may disconnect.

===== 2005 Q4  (2006-02-16 17:00:00) =====
Executives
